April
April is month year with 30 days.

August
August is month year.

Art
The word art is activities creations human beings that have importance to human mind, regarding an attraction to human senses.

A
A is letter alphabet.

Air
Air means Earth's atmosphere.

Autonomous communities Spain
Spain is divided in 17s called autonomous communities.

Alan Turing
Alan Mathison Turing  was an mathematician computer scientist.

Alanis Morissette
Alanis Nadine Morissette  is a Grammy Award-winning singer songwriter.

Adobe Illustrator
"Adobe Illustrator" is a computer program for making graphic design illustrations.

Andouille
Andouille is a pork sausage.

Farming
Farming is growing crops keeping animals by people for food raw materials.

Arithmetic
Arithmetic is call working with numbers.

Addition
Addition is mathematical way putting things together.

Australia
Australia is a continent in Hemisphere between Pacific.

American
American U.S.

Aquaculture
Aquaculture is farming fish, shrimp, algae.

Abbreviation
An abbreviation is a way to write a word phrase.

Angel
In many religions, an angel is a spirit.

Ad hominem
Ad hominem is a Latin term.

Native
Natives  are people whore in North America, Central America, South America,ds whens camere.

Apple
An apple is a fruit.

Abrahamic religion
People use term Abrahamic Religion for a number religions that recognise Abraham as an important person.

Algebra
Algebra is a mathematics  that helps show general links between numbers math operations  used on numbers.

As
In other words, you can say more generally an idiom metaphor says: for example, "battle sexes" is both a metaphor an idiom that suggests "love as war".

Atom
An atom is simple typeicle that makes up matter.

Astronomy
Astronomy is study planets, stars, galaxies, other objects found in space.

Architecture
Architecture is design structures; howy are built.

Anatomy
Anatomy is study bodies living beings .

Asteroid
An asteroid is a planet, but.

Afghanistan
Afghanistan  is a country located in South Asia.

Angola
Angola is a country in Africa.

Argentina
Argentina República Argentina, is a country in south South America.

Austria
Austria ,ficially "Republic Austria", is a country in Central Europe.

Armenia
Armenia is a country in Caucasus region Europe.

Archaeology
Archaeology is study past by looking for remains relics  left by people who lived before us.

Application
The word application has several uses.

Animalia
Animalia is animal kingdom.

Animal
Animals are living things.

Acceleration
Acceleration is a measure how fast velocity changes.

Basic
Basic is a made-up language written by Charles Kay Ogden.

Black pudding
Black pudding is an for blood sausage.

Boot device
A boot device makes a computer work.

Boot
A boot is a type footwear that protects foot ankle.

Bankrupt
Anything that does not have enough money to pay all its debt is insolvent.

Breakfast sausage
Breakfast sausage is a type fresh pork sausage made from seasoned ground meat mixed with bread crumbs.

Beekeeping
Beekeeping apiculture is farming honeybees.

British
British is language which is used in United Kingdom.

Being
The word being means same as "person".

Beijing
Beijing  is capital People's Republic China.

Bottle
A bottle is a container liquids.

Berry
The word berry is differents fruits that has many seeds can be eaten.

Boil
To boil water is to make it hot so that it begins to make bubbles turns into steam.

Beard
A beard is hair growing on lower a man's face.

Black
In light, Black is lack all color.

Bubonic plague
The Bubonic plague is a very deadly disease.

Biology
Biology is science life living things, plants, animals, fungi , bacteria.

Botany
Botany is a science.

Belgium
Belgium  is a country in Europe.

Brazil
Brazil is a country in South America.

Britain
Britain isten used as a for United Kingdom .

Chemistry
Chemistry [kem'-ihs-tree] is science "chemical elements" "compounds", howse things work together.

Computer science
Computer science is science how to treat information.

Computer
A Computer is a machine that manipulates data according to a set instructions.

Chinese
Chinese means from about country China, especially a person from China languages China.

Continent
A continent is ae area land on Earth that is joined together.

Classical element
The Greek classical elements are fire, air, water, earth.

China
China  is an ancient region in Asia.

Country
In geography, a country is a political division.

Colchester
Colchester is a town in northern county Essex.

Cartography
Cartography is making maps.

Creator
A Creator is a person who createsthing.

Contact network
A contact network is a group people who can all quickly get in touch with each other.

Creative network
A creative network is a loose group people creatingthing in art science business.

Chorizo
Chorizo is a pork  sausage which people made in Spain.

Creativity
Creativity  is ability a person to be creative, take in creating, be in a creative network other people.

Catharism
The Cathar faith was a versionity.

Cosmology
Cosmology is study "all that is".

Church
A church is a "building" where people, , come together to worship.

City
A city is a place where many people live together.

Cook
To cook food is to make it ready to eat by heating it.

Chat
To chat is to talk aboutdinary things that are not very important.

Cup
Some are expensive, maybe old,ly painted by hand; a few people collect such cups, do not usem.

Crime
A crime is when a person doesthing that is against laws a country.

Time Cube
Time Cube is absite created by Gene Ray.

Census Marine Life
The Census Marine Life is a ten year survey life in oceans, starting in 2000.

Maize
Maize  is a member grass family "Poaceae".

Civics
Civics is study government.

Calculus
Calculus is mathematics which looks at things that change over time.

Coin
A coin is normally a round piece metal that is used as currency.

Conceptual metaphor
A conceptual metaphor is a metaphor that is used veryten without being stated clearly.

Crust
The crust a piece bread is edge where it is harder darker.

Comedy
A comedy is a play , television show a movie that is funny, silly, that makes people laugh.

Comet
A comet is a ballly ice that moves around in space.

Cytology
Cytology is study cells,s that make up all living things,ir effects on each otherir environment.

Christian
A is a person who believes inity, a monotheistic religion.

Cheese
Cheese is a solid food made from milk.

Constitution
The constitution a country  is a special type law that tells how its government is.

Circle
A circle is a round two-dimensional shape, such as letter "o".

Capitalization
Capitalise  capitalize  means to make more characters upper case.

Cuba
Cuba is a country in sea.

Cube
A cube is a block with all right angles whose height, width depth are all same.

Cost living
Cost Living is amount money it costs just to live in a certain place.

December
December is last month year, with 31 days.

Dublin
Dublin is capital city Republicd.

Dance
Dance is when people moveir body to music.

Dissolution monasteries
The Dissolution monasteries was an event that happened from 1536 to 1540, when King Henry VIII took away things that Catholic church owned.

Deadline
A deadline is a time by which task must be completed.

Dutton's Speedwords
Dutton Speedwords is an auxiliary language.

Division
Division is an arithmetic operation how many times a number will go into another number.

Devil
In religions, a devil is a bad spirit that tries to create problems for people.

Diarrhea
Diarrhea , also spelled diarrhoea, is feces that are runny liquid.

Dimension
A dimension is a measure sizething.

Distance
Distance is how far thing is from another thing.

Dictionary
A dictionary is a book which explains meanings words.

Definition
A definition is an exact word phrase meaning, nature, limitsthing.

Denmark
Denmark is a country in northern Europe.

Death
These are just ways in which lifes die.

Diesel-electric
A diesel-electric engine burns diesel biodiesel fuel.

Embassy
A foreign embassy isficialfice country in capital another country.

Europe
Europe is a continent,stern Eurasia.

Encyclopedia
An encyclopedia  is a collection  information about things humans know.

Earth science
Earth science is a term that refers to sciences Earth.

Earth
orbit: 149,600,000 km  from Sun Earth is planet from Sun.

Et cetera
Et cetera means "and rest" in Latin.

Experiment
An experiment is a test an idea invented byone, usually a scientist.

Ethics
Ideas about ethics.

E Prime
E Prime  is a way speaking without using verb "to be" in any way .

Einstein on Beach
"Einstein on Beach" is an opera written by minimalist composer Philip Glassater director designer Robert Wilson.

Ethnic group
An ethnic group is a group people who are same in way.

Ebola
Ebola, pronounced E- Bo-la, is a "hemorrhagic fever" virus.

Ecology
Ecology is science that studies interactionsganisms withir environment with another.

Economics
Economics is study how people make choices to satisfyir wants.

Chemical element
A chemical element is a substance that cannot be.

Egypt
Egypt is a country in northeast Africa.

Everything2
Everything2 E2 is absite.

Edit
To edit a document means to changeder words pictures, add new words pictures, usually so that edited product better represents editor, person doing editing, meant to show.

Ecological yield
Ecological yield is harvestable growth an ecosystem.

Experience economy
The experience economy is intangible service economy that customers experience directly.

Execution
Execution is where state authorities killone for having committed an extremely serious crime, usually treason special-circumstance murder.

Flesch Reading Ease
The Flesch Reading Ease measures textual difficulty, which indicates how easy a text is to read.

Flesch-Kincaid Reading Level
The Flesch-Kincaid Reading level measures textual difficulty tells you grade level a text.

February
February is month year with 28 days in years.

FAQ
FAQ is an abbreviation for "Frequently Asked Question".

Freedom
Freedom, for people, means not being owned controlled by anyone else.

Financial capital
Financial capital is a capital.

Fecund universes
Fecund universes is a multiverseory Lee Smolin.

Food
Food is material animal plantigin, eaten by living things to provide energy nutrition.

Fine
The word fine is used in with two very different meanings.

Frying
To fry food is to cook it in hot butter vegetable oil.

Fish
A fish  is a animal that lives in water, breathes oxygen in water instead air using gills, which are special flaps that letm breathe in water.

Foot
A foot  is a body on end a leg.

France
France ,ficially French Republic  is a country in Europe.

Finland
Finland  is a country in Europe is a member state Union.

Fruit
Fruit is a type food that is not alwaysthing is able to eat.

Farm
A farm is a piece land plants/or raise animals for food.

Geography
 Description .

Good
The word can be an adjective that meansthing that is wanted.

Goodness
Goodness can mean thatthing is, it can mean amount thatthing is.

Grammar
Grammar refers to rules about how to speak writell in a language.

Great Lakes
The Great Lakes are five very lakes in eastern North America.

GNU Free Documentation License
The GNU Free Documentation License  is a copyleft license for open content.

Glass
Glass is a hard material that can be made in many shapes.

God
God as a proper noun is word commonly to ultimate power across all religions.

Ghost
A ghost is spirit a dead person.

Green
Green is a color.

God's eye view
A special case last is in a wiki with a GodKing.

Google
Google is famousbsites for finding things  on World Wide Web .

Gallon
A gallon is a unit measurement volume.

Government
A government is a group people that has power to rule in a territory, according to law.

Galaxy
"For automobile, see Ford Galaxy." A galaxy is a group many stars including gas, dust, dark matter.

Geometry
Geometry is a mathematics with shapes.

Graphory
Graph Theory is about analyzing Graphs.

Goatee
A goatee is a bearded by a tuft hair under chin, resembling that a billy goat.

Main Page
__NOTOC__ .

Herm
Herm isnelds that is open to public.

History
History is study past.

Health
Health is having "everything" happy.

Harbor
Harbour means to shelter keep safe.

Hawaii
Hawaii is a U.S.

Honolulu, Hawaii
Honolulu is capital city U.S.

Hawaii (island)
Thed Hawai'i is U.S.

Hawaii Ponoi
"Hawai`i Pono`i" is state song Hawaii.

Healing
Healing is a process that happens in body.

History Australia
People have lived in Australia for more than 50,000 years.

History Spain
Spain is a country located in Europe.

Height
Height is distance between lowest end highest end an object.

Historian
A historian isone who studies history.

Human death
Human death is end sharable human personal experience - if anything happens to us after death, are not able to clearly communicate it.

Human body
The human body is body a person.

Hydrogen
Hydrogen is a chemical element.

Helium
Helium is a chemical element.

Home page
The home page ab site is document that ab server sends to another computer'sb browser application when it has been contacted without a request for specific information.

Hair
Hair isthing that grows from skin mammals.

Ireland
Ireland is an island Europefst coast mainland.

Internet
Theet is a worldwide network interconnected computer networks that transmit data by packet switching using standardet Protocol .

Italy
Italy is a country instern Europe a member Union.

If
If is a word to describe a statement where thing depends onthing else.

Island
An island is a piece ground that is surrounded by water.

Immigrant
Immigrants are people who move to another country region thanir own to livere.

Interim
Interim means "in between" "transitional" , "temporary." .

Idiom
An idiom is a word phrase which meansthing different from it says - it is usually a metaphor.

IELTS
Theational Language Testing System  tests how you are at language.

Ink
Ink is a liquid that use to write, draw, print, make marks.

Indian
The word means from about country modern Republic India Bharat.

Inch
The inch is basic unit length distance in system.

Pint
The pint is a unit liquid measurement in countries.

ISO 19011
ISO 19011 is new global accounting standard, replacing accounting standards thatre ISO 14001 ISO 9001.

India
India is a country in Asia.

Insult
An insult is a descriptionone that willfendm.

Immunology
Immunology is study immune system.

Infinity
Infinity, also writtenula_1, is than any number that can possibly be imagined.

January
January is month year in calendars.

June
June is month year; it has 30 days.

July
July is month year with 31 days.

Japan
Japan  is a country in Asia.

Jargon
Jargon is a special way to use words that are shared only by a certain group people.

Jesus
Jesus  was man whose life teachings started religion.

Jupiter
Jupiter (pronounced is planet in Solar System.

Judaism
Judaism is oldest religions on Earth.

King
A king is a male who rules a country because inheritance.

Knowledge
Knowledge means "thingsone knows", such as informationy have learned.

Kauai
Kauai  is oldest mainds, in United States.

Kaho'olawe
Kaho'olawe is 8 main volcanic islands inds, in United States.

Kill
The act killing a living thing can be said to have happened when anside force, usually another life, has donething to cause it to die.

Kilometre
The kilometre is common unit longer distances on Earth.

Language
but human language is key meaning "language." Some people discuss "animal languages," but others do not agree say that "animal languages" are not clear enough to be 'true' languages.

Leisure
Leisure  is when a person can choose to do.

Live
Live can be an adjective.

Life
Note that many individualganisms are not able to reproduce yet are still generally "alive"; see mule ant for examples.

Law
The law is a system rules that people are in a society a country.

Ludovic Lazarus Zamenhof
Ludovic Lazarus  Zamenhof  was a eye doctor scholar who created international languageto.

List countries
__NOTOC__ A.

Provinces territories Canada
Canada's land is composed thirteens: ten provinces three territories.

Las Vegas, Nevada
Las Vegas is a city in state Nevada.

Lana'i
Lana'i isds, in United States.

Leap year
A leap year comes once every four years.

Leather
Leather is skin an animal, used as a material.

License
In spelling a licence gives permission thing.

Link
A link is a a chain.

Library
A library is a place where many books are kept.

Like
As works in same way as example 2 - comparing two things using either word "like" word "as" is called making a simile .

List common elements
This is a list common elements .

List provinces China
There are 23 provinces in China.

Legislature
Legislature is a word that comes from Latin language, meaning "those who write laws." The legislature a state country is a group people, each whom got his herfice either by winning an election by being appointed, to vote for laws.

Linear algebra
Linear algebra describes ways to solve manipulate  systems linear equations.

London
London is capitald United Kingdom, also city United Kingdom.

Litre
A litre  is metric unit volume.

Lens
A lens is a piece glass clear  plastic that changes way things look, when you look atm through lens.

Lime
Lime is a word to refer to various fruit trees.

Mathematics
Mathematics is study numbers, patterns, shapes.

March
March is month year with 31 days.

May
May is month year with 31 days.

Music
Music is an art that puts sounds together in a way that people find interesting.

Madrid
Madrid is capital city Spain is home to five million people.

Montreal
Montreal  is a city in country Canada.

Macadamia nut
The macadamia nut is fruit a tree that came from east coast Australia.

Maui
Maui isds, in United States.

Moloka'i
Moloka'i is island in U.S.

Money
Money is people use to buy things "services"  -y take for sellingir own things services  There are manys money in world.

Multiplication
Multiplication is an arithmetic operation for finding "product" two numbers.

Microsoft
Microsoft Corporation is a very company which makes computer software videogames all over world.

Islamic world
The Islamic World consists all people who are in Islam.

Multiverse
A multiverse  is set multiple possible universes, including our universe, which comprise reality.

Mechanistic paradigm
Believers in this paradigmtimes say that who do not believe in it are following a cognitive paradigm - but almost no uses this term, since it is redundant - cognitive science is already accepted as basic idea in philosophy science.

MediaWiki
MediaWiki is software that runs all Wikimedia projects.

First language
A language is language that a person learned as a baby, normally from his her parents.

Models nature
Most sciences create use models nature.

Mustache
The hair that grows on upper lip men is called a mustache.

Mile
A mile is several measures distance.

Margarine
Margarine is an artifical butter.

Milky Way
The Milky Way is galaxy that our Sun live in.

Movement
Movement, motion, is state changingthing's position--that is, changing wherething is.

Metaphor
Metaphor is language use to compare things, but without using "like" "as" - because that would be a simile.

Metabolism
Metabolism is system chemical activities by which a living thing gets power  from other things such as food.

Microscope
A microscope is a scientific instrument that makes things normally too to see look, soy can be seen better examined correctly.

Mass
Mass is amount matter in a body.

Mercury (planet)
orbit: 57,910,000 km  from Sun Mercury is nearest planet in Solar System to Sun.

Mars
orbit: 227,940,000 km  from Sun Mars is planet from Sun in our Solar System.

Mac OS
Released in 1984, Operating System Mac OS is operating system that allows a computer to boot  operate.

Apple
An Apple just Mac is a type computer.

Metre
A metre  is basic unit length in SI measurement system.

Magnifying glass
A magnifying glass is a lens through which you can look to make things appear, so you can seem better.

Molecule
A molecule is amount a chemical substance that can exist.

Moral reasoning
Moral reasoning is a topic studied in psychology in moral philosophy.

Mosque
A mosque is a place Muslim worship.

Mammal
Mammals are a group vertebrate animals.

Number
Numbers are also things besides counting.

Numeral
A numeral is a written symbol that represents value a "number".

November
November is month year.

National anthem
A national anthem is a song that people a country use to remember respectir country.

Name
Name is a word  given to things people.

Niihau
Niihau is inhabited islands Hawaii, in United States.

Nene
The Néné, Goose, "Branta sandvicensis" is a species goose found only on islands.

Network
A network is a group things that are connected together using talking other communication to stay together.

Net
Nets are woven traps usually fish.

Internet slang
Internet slang is slang words which are used onet.

Noun
A noun is a word  that is usually a person, place, thing, quality, idea.

Nature
The word nature is things that aren't made by humans.

Natural resource
A Natural resource is a thing people can use which comes from Nature: people do not make itmselves.

Negentropy
Negentropy is reverse entropy.

North America
North America is a continent in half Earth, Pacific, Westtic, South Arctic, North South America.

Neptune
Neptune ,  is last planet from Sun in Solar System.

Nearctic Ecozone
The Nearctic Ecozone includes North America.

Negative
Negative is a word that has at least three separate meanings.

No
No One is an idiom meaning "no person" "no body".

Now
Now is time span between past future.

New York City, New York
New York City is city in United States.

October
October is month year it has 31 days.

Of
Of is a preposition used in language to show a possessive relationship.

One
One  is a natural number after zero before two.

O Canada
O Canada is national anthem Canada.

Oahu
Oahu isds, in United States.

Open content
Open Content is whenone createsthing allows others to copy it make changes without having to ask for permission.

Orthography
Orthography, spelling, is correctder combination letters put together to words.

Oil
The word oil is differents liquids.

OK
OK is a word in language.

Oxymoron
An oxymoron is made up two more words that seem to be opposite to each other, actually are opposite.

Operating system
An operating system is is programs on a computer.

Philosophy
A philosophy is a way thinking about world, universe, about people.

Physics
Physics is science matter how matter interacts.

Politics
Politics are way that people living in groups make decisions.

Value (personal cultural)
A value  usually means an abstract rule, that can be seen to apply in many experiences, can be applied by choice in a lot situations.

Profanity
Profanity is act using rude words.

People's Republic China
The People's Republic China   is a communist country in eastern Asia.

Power structure
A power structure is a system to decide who can decide, for how longir decision stands, who can be withir decision.

Psychoneuroimmunology
Psychoneuroimmunology mind-body medicine is a view medicine health.

Politicaly
A politicaly is anganized group voters.

Pet
A pet is a domesticated animal that lives with people, but is not is not eaten, in instances.

Program
The term Program can be used in many ways.

Platonic realism
Platonic realism  is philosophical idea that must try to know about perfect things, even though you know thaty do not exist may not be able to be understood.

Paradox
A paradox is a sentence in logic that cannot be true but also cannot be false.

Potato
A potato is a vegetable, vegetable that grows this fruit.

Plant
Plants are living things.

Prediction
A prediction is a statement thatone makes abouty think is going to happen.

Probability
Probability is a mathematics.

Probability experiment
A probability experiment is a situation where chance affectscome.

Protein
Proteins aree molecules built from units known as amino acids.

Periodic table
The periodic table chemical elements is a list known atoms .

Physiology
Physiology is study how living things function processes involved.

Planet
A planet is ae object such as Earth Jupiter thatbits a star.

Pluto
orbit: 5,913,520,000 km  from Sun  Pluto is a dwarf planet in our Solar System.

Political problems China
The People's Republic China claims that island is its territory, but Republic China  still controls it.

Police
The Police  are a governmentganization that is given special authority to enforce ir government's laws against different crimes.

Pi
pi is number found when distance around a circle  is divided by distance between opposite ends circle .

Proper noun
A proper noun is a noun that has letter capitalized.

Plastic
A plastic is a material that can change its shape, so many things can be made plastic.

Product stewardship
Product stewardship includes waste disposal measures in distribution chain an industrial product.

Peace
Peace is a time without any fights wars.

Quebec
Quebec  is a province in Canada.

Reading
Reading is a way getting information fromthing that is written.

Religion
Religion is a word for ideas about basic structure world that people cannot see know with our other senses, that scientists cannot study with machines.

Roman
Thes are people city Rome in Italy.

Rudyard Kipling
Joseph Rudyard Kipling  was an author poet.

Recreation
Recreation fun is use time refreshing to's body mind.

Red
Red is color that is onside edge rainbow.

Raw
Foods are raw wheny are not cooked.

Roman Empire
"For emperors, see emperors." The Empire was a very empire with its capital in Rome, ruled by an emperor.

Regime
A regime is leader other people who run a government a sovereign state.

River
A river is a stream water that flows through a "channel"  in surface ground.

Right angle
A right angle is an angle with a measurement 90 degrees.

Reward
A reward is gettingthing for doing a given task.

Ranch
A ranch is ae farm where animals such as cows, horses sheep are raised.

Sport utility vehicle
A sport utility vehicle  is a type vehicle that can carry lots passengers, a station wagon minivan.

Substance
Substance ["sub'-stuns"] is material, "matter", whichthing is made.

Symbol
A symbol is a drawing, shape, object that represents an idea, object, amountthing.

September
September is ninth month year with 30 days.

Sound
We can define a sound wave as a disturbance which travels through medium.

Society
Society is term to describe human beings together .

Suggestion
A suggestion is an idea that suggests, says is for another  to follow.

Spache Readability Formula
Spache Readability Formula is method finding how hard a piece writing is .

Sport
A sport is an activity that has rules usually requires physical activity, running.

Science
Science is a way to find things.

Spain
Spain is a country in southwest Europe.

Saint Lawrence River
The Saint Lawrence River is a river in eastern North America.

Seville
Seville  is a city in South Spain, in Europe.

Salami
Salami is a sausage that came from Italy.

Special
Special is a simple language used by a public radio station called Voice America, run by United States government in daily Special programs.

Sausage
Sausage is a food made ground-up chopped-up meat.

Slang
Slang is jargon used by general public.

Social contract
A social contract is an agreement to follow certain rules.

Social capital
Social capital is willingness people to help each other.

Site
A site is a real fixed physical location wherething will has happened a place wherething is.

Subtraction
Subtraction is arithmetic operation for finding difference between two numbers.

Stringory
Stringory is a scientificory that uses complicated mathematics physics to try to explain how universe works.

Scientist
A scientist is a person who works in science.

Soapbox
A soapbox is a temporary platform a speech.

Supernatural
The word supernatural is that people believe are real, but that are not nature.

Spirit
In many religions, a spirit is a being that is not body.

Seed
A seed is a plant that plant makes that can grow into a new plant, by planting near another plant.

Sail
A sail is ae piece cloth on top boats.

Skin
Skin isside covering animals.

Search engine
A Search engine is ab site on World Wide Web et that helps us to quickly easily findb pages want.

Shabbat
The Shabbat day has itsigins in Creation, when God made Earth for six days, stopped work on day.

Statistics
Statistics is a way to collect analyze measurements.

Speed
Speed is distance that an object moves in a certain amount time.

Server log
A server log records is happening on a server at any time.

Server
In net jargon  a server is a computer that serves many things from user, client machines.

State
There are differents government a state can have,for example a republic, a monarchy.

Stream
A stream is a natural flow water moving across country between banks.

Solar System
The Solar System is astronomical for Sun collection planets, comets other objects moving around it.

Saturn (planet)
orbit: 1,429,400,000 km  from Sun Saturn is planet from Sun.

Slavery
Slavery  is a system where people, called slaves, must work with little no pay forir work.

Soul
Many philosophies religions say that a soul is a living human being which is supernatural lives after death.

Soap
Mosts soap are chemical compounds containing sulfates.

Summary
A summary is a versionthing, for instance a movie a book an article.

Service economy
A service is a job work done forone else.

Sense
When a word has several meanings, can refer to it as being used "in sense..." context other.

Synagogue
A synagogue is a place where Jews meet to worship pray to God.

Scarcity
Scarcity in economics is lack variouss capital.

Textual difficulty
What textual tests do is give people an idea about densityir writing.

Theatre
Theatre , Theater , has several meanings.

This
This is a demonstrative pronoun a noun.

Test
A test is a way checkingthing to see if it is true if it works.

Time horizon
A time horizon is a future point in time whenthing must be "done"  will be "over" .

Time limit
A time limit is a time horizon that is imposed on everyone at once.

Taiwan
Taiwan  is a democratic island country,ficially known as Republic China  in East Asia.

Trademark
A trademark  is a way for a business to help people to know things business makes.

Terrestrial ecoregion
In ecology, a terrestrial ecoregion is a certain area land which is different from area near it.

Tendments
According to Old Testament, Tendmentsre rules for life given by God to Jews at Mt.

Table
A table is a piece furniture with a flat top supported by more legs.

Tree
A tree is a tall plant with a trunk branches made wood.

Tragedy
A tragedy is a sad thing.

Taxonomy
Taxonomy is a science.

Temple
A temple is a building where people go to practiceir religion.

Theft
Theft is a crime.

United Kingdom
The United Kingdom Great Britaind, Kingdom UK, is a sovereign state in northwest Europe.

Universe
In astronomy, universe is "everythingre".

Unprofitable
Whenthing is unprofitable, it means thatre is no profit being made.

Unit measurement
Measurement is a process to attach a numerical value to an observation.

U.S. customary units
U.S customary units are things in United States.

Uranus
Uranus is planet from Sun in Solar System.

University
A university is a place a school.

Value
The valuething is how much it is worth.

Volapük
Volapük is a constructed language created in 1880 byn Martin Schleyer.

Vocabulary
Vocabulary means a list words.

Vacation
A vacation is time, usually between aek a month, when people do not have to go to work, but get paid.

Vegetable oil
Vegetable oils are a oil made from many different plants.

Verb
A verb is a word  that usually tells about an action a state is main a sentence.

Volume
The volume an object describes how much physical space it takes up using three dimensions width, depth, height.

Venus
"This article is about planet Venus.

Vatican City
The City is country in world  it is an enclave Italy because it is surrounded by city Rome.

Velocity
Velocity speed is a measure how fastthing is moving.

Virtual community
A virtual community is a group people who share an interest set views.

World War I
World War I was a war fought by a lot countries, which is why it is called a "world" war.

World Wide Web
The World Wide Web  iset that containsbsitesbpages.

Wiki
A wiki is a typebsite that lets anyone create edit its pages.

Website
Absite is a setbpages that are joined together.

Word
A word isthing spoken by mouth, that can be pronounced.

Web browser
Ab browser is a computer program that lets people find readb pages onet.

World War II
World War II was a war fought between Allies Axis Powers.

Webpage
Abpage is absite.

Wiktionary
Wiktionary is a wiki that creates a dictionary, a group meanings for words, for all words in all languages.

Microsoft Windows
Microsoft Windows is an operating system made by Microsoft.

Window
A window is an opening in a wall a building, in a car etc., to let air light in.

Wikimedia Foundation
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit foundation in United States that coordinates many projects using wiki idea, MediaWiki software.

Wine
Wine is an alcoholic drink.

Width
In mathematics, call distance between end an object farthest to left end an object farthest to right its width.

Water
Water is common liquid on Earth.

Want
A want is a wish a desire forthing.

Web server
Ab server is a computer with a boot device other disk containing ab site.

War
"For 1970s funk band, see War ." War is any fighting involvingganized useapons force between countries othere-scale groups.

Yiddish
Yiddish is a language at a dialect language that Jews began to use in Europe about thousand years ago.

Year
One year is about 365 days long .

You
You is a-person pronoun.

Chinese language
The language is language used by in China elsewhere.

Zero
Zero is a special number.

Zoology
Zoology is a science.

Zinc
Zinc is a type metal.

Zebra
A zebra is a mammal "Equidae" family.

Zoo
A zoological garden, zoological park, zoo is a place where many different species  animals are kept so people can see watchm.

Copyright
A copyright is a law that gives owner a written document, musical composition, book, picture, other creative work, right to decide other people can do with it.

Republic China
The Republic China  )  is a democratic island country in East Asia that is known around world by people as.

WikiWiki
<--/ sorry I mistake --The supposed ""Deletor"" --> .

Jail
A jail  is a protected place where people are locked up.

Prison
A prison is an building where people who have been guilty convicted crimes are held.

Mexico
Mexico is a country in North America.

Atlantic
Thetic is body water bordered Scientists say that millions years ago,re was only ocean, that land in world was joined together over wheretic is now.

Mercury
Mercury means more than thing.

Mercury (element)
Mercury is a chemical element.

Africa
Africa is continent in world.

Butter
Butter is a dairy food product, made by churning cream obtained from whole milk.

Cold War
The Cold War took place between 1945 1991.

Mainland China
Mainland China is China not including Republic China controlling, Kinmen, Matsu, Pescadores.

Endogenetic process
The endogenetic processes are processes that shape land by forces coming from within earth .

Capital (city)
The capital city  is a city where central government a country, a country, such as a state, province, county, is located.

Faulting
A fault, strictly speaking, is a planar fracture through a rock, wherein motion along fracture is in plane fracture.

Climate
Climate is averageather conditions at aicular place over a long period time.

Fold (geology)
Folding is endogenetic processes.

Vulcanicity
Vulcanicity  is endogenetic processes.

Pacific
The Pacific is body water between Asia Australia inst, Americas in east, to south, Arctic to north.

Antarctica
Antarctica is ae continent located at far south world.

South Pole
The South Pole is southern point on Earth.

Indian
The is ocean surrounded by Asia to north, Australia Pacific to east, to south, Africatic tost.

Arctic
The Arctic is ocean around North Pole.

Inuit
The Inuit are many groups First Nations who live in very cold places northern Canada,d, Alaska.

Basket
A basket is a container.

Software
Software is for computer software.

Container
A container is an object.

South America
South America is continent America.

Bed
A bed is a piece furniture.

Asia
Asia is continent on Earth, placed in northern hemisphere.

Wall
A wall is a vertical dividing surface.

Coordinated Universal Time
Coordinated Universal Time  is standard time zone world.

Television
A television  is a device  with a screen that receives broadcast signals turnsm into pictures sound.

Sociology
Sociology is study societies how humans act in groups.

Germany
The Federal Republicy also calledy  is a country in middle Europe.

Sky
The sky is call appearance a hemisphere over our heads.

Tone language
In a tone language , different tones  will change meaning words, even if pronunciation word is same otherwise.

Dollar
A dollar is a type currency.

Beer
Beer is an alcoholic drink.

Eurasia
Eurasia is a continent in northern Earth.

The Americas
The Americas is a term to supercontinent: continents North America, South America, isthmus Central America.

North Pole
The North Pole is northern point axis around which Earth turns.

Plural
Plural is a noun that shows thatre are more than.

Alexander Gode
Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode-von-Aesch simplyder Gode  a linguist translator.

Oceania
Oceania is a used in geography for continent made up by Australia, Newd, New Guinea, several other island nations in surrounding area.

Southern
The is a rather new term in geography.

Catalan language
The language is ace language spoken in Catalonia, Valencia, east Aragon, Balearicds , Andorra, North Catalonia  in city L'Alguer.

Australasia
Australasia was joint team Australia Newd in 1908 London 1912 Stockholm Olympic Games.

Corset
A corset is a body covering undergarment .

Pop music
Pop music is way writing "popular music".

General semantics
General semantics is a philosophy that deals with how people react to things that happen aroundm based on meaning.

Semiotics
Semiotics  is aoretical framework for study meaning language, signs symbols.

Nitrogen
Nitrogen is a nonmetal chemical element.

Association football
Association football is a sport played between two teams.

Spamming
"This is about unwanted email.

Earthquake
In an earthquake ground moves.

Scurvy
Scurvy is a disease.

Ion
In chemistry, a molecule atom that is electrically charged is called an ion.

Cognitive science
Cognitive science studies how people makeir ideas makes thoughts logical.

Anthropology
Anthropology is study human beings.

Defense
Defense defence is protectingthing from attack.

Education
Education is teaching learning skills knowledge.

Army
The army is a country's military that fights on ground.

Teaching
To teach is to help students to learn new knowledge skills.

Theology
Theology is study more religions.

Work
When used in a sentence as an action, work means doingthing that requires labor.

Romania
Romania  is a country that can be found in south-eastern Central Europe.

Argon
Argon is a chemical element.

Trade
To trade is to willingly give things services get other things services in return.

European Union
The Union  is an economic political union 27 member countries in Europe, started in 1957 as Economic Community .

Greece
Greece ,ficially Hellenic Republic , is a country in Europe.

Sweden
Sweden  is a Nordic country in Europe calleddinavia.

Capital
The word "capital" istimes mistaken with "capitol".

Albert Einstein
Albert Einstein  was a famous scientist.

Euro
Euro is currency  countries in Eurozone.

Currency
Currency is unit money used by people a country Union for buying sellings services.

Radio telescope
A radio telescope is a huge satellite dish.

Light year
A light year  is not a length time, but distance that light will travel in Earth year , going at speed light.

Korea
Korea is a nation in eastern Asia.

English language learning teaching
English as an additional language  is when people study as a new language.

Switzerland
Switzerland is a country inst Europe.

LOL
LOL is an internet slang term that means "laugh loud".

Toronto, Ontario
Toronto is city in Canada.

Names numbers in
Here are words for numbers.

United States dollar
The United States dollar, dollar, isficial currency, money, United States America.

Shape universe
Shape Universe means two things.

Meteor shower
A meteor shower is when pieces rock dust burn in Earth's atmosphere.

Cat
Cats, also called domestic cat house cat , are carnivorous  mammals, family "Felidae".

Engineering
Engineering is use science mathematics to design make things.

Communication
Communication can be spoken  non-spoken .

Miracle
For example, a miracle under definition would be winning lottery jackpot.

Kami
Kami  is a word for spirits that are worshipped in Shintoist religion.

Cardboard
Cardboard is a heavy wood-based type paper, notable for its stiffness durability.

English language
The language is language started by tribes that from Westy around 450 AD.

William Shakespeare
William Shakespeare  was an writer.

Trier
Trier is a city at Moselle River ind-Palatinate iny.

Computer network
Computers can be several different networks.

Turkey
Turkey  is a country in both Europe Asia.

Thomm
Thomm is a village near Trier  ind-Palatinate iny.

Moselle River
The Moselle River  is a river ince Luxembourg, that becomes Rhine River after Moselle flows intoy.

Bible
The Bible is a collection stories different authors.

Bavaria
Bavaria  is a State y.

Rome
Rome  is capital city Italy region Latium.

Carnivore
A carnivore is an animal that eatsly meat.

Cologne
Cologne  is a city on Rhine River in state North Rhine-Westphaliay.

Senegal
The Republic Senegal  is a nation in West Africa.

Developmental biology
Developmental biology is study process by whichganisms grow develop.

Outer space
Space, also known as space, is vacuum that all planets, stars, galaxies other objects are in.

Natural satellite
A natural satellite is simply called a moon.

Gravity
Gravity is a force.

Centripetal force
Centripetal force  is a type force that acts on any body that revolves around a centre.

Treaty
A treaty is a written agreement between two countries.

Luxembourg
Luxembourg is a country in Europe.

Baden-Württemberg
Baden-Württemberg is a federal state iny.

Vienna
Vienna  is capital city Austria.

Telescope
A telescope is an important tool for astronomy.

Homonym
A homonym is a word that sounds same but has more than meaning is spelt differently.

Principal
A principal is a person who is in chargething.

Peru
Peru is a country in South America.

Statesy
Germany has 16 states .

Munich
Munich  is cityy , capital Bavaria.

Berlin
Berlin is capital cityy.

1940s
The 1940's happened in century, forty years after year 1900.

Hamburg
Hamburg in full Free Hanseatic City Hamburg , is a city in northy on banks River Elbe, 180 km away from North Sea.

Emphysema
Emphysema is a disease lungs.

Oxygen
Oxygen  is a chemical element.

Blood
Blood is a liquid found in humans animals.

1980s
The 1980s is ten years from January 1, 1980 to December 31, 1989.

North Rhine-Westphalia
North Rhine-Westphalia  is federal state  with highest population iny.

Computer program
A computer program isthing that tells a computer to do.

Data
The word data means "pieces information".

Stuttgart
Stuttgart is a city iny.

Schwerin
Schwerin is capital city state Mecklenburgia.

Schwyz (canton)
Schwyz was cantons Swiss canton .

Russia
Russia  is a country in Europe Asia.

Moscow
Moscow  is capital city Russia.

St. Gallen (canton)
St.

Canton
Canton can mean many different things.

Saarland
Saarland is ad y.

Iceland
Iceland  is a country in Europe.

Christianity
Christianity is a monotheistic religion .

Saarbrücken
Saarbrücken  is a city a district in stated.

Saarlouis
Saarlouis is a city ind .

Brandenburg
Brandenburg is a state  iny.

Russian language
Russian  is an East Slavic language.

Professor
A professor is a person who teaches at a college university.

Slope
Slope means an area ground that tends evenly upward downward degree to which a surface tends upward downward.

California
California  is ae state instern United States.

Propaganda
Propaganda is information.

Topology
Topology is study how spaces areganized, how objects are structured in terms position.

Los Angeles, California
Los Angeles  is a city in southern California, in United States America.

Census
A census means getting information about every member a population.

Star
A star is a ball in space that is made very hot plasma .

Drunk driving
Drunk driving  is act driving a motor vehicle  while under effects alcohol.

Creative Commons
The Creative Commons is a non-profitganisation that tries to make creative work available for others to use share.

HTML
HyperText Markup Language  makesb pages display properly on World Wide Web.

Leg
A leg isthing things; to holdm up.

Industry
Industry includes alls economic activity.

Yellow
Meaning yellow.

Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Plymouth Argyle Football Club, is an football  club.

Football
Football is for many sports.

Poland
Poland  isficially called Republicd .

England
England is four states that United Kingdom.

Wales
Wales  is a state United Kingdom.

Scotland
Scotland  is a state UK.

Northernd
Northernd  is a state United Kingdom under southd's jurisdiction as per GFA.

Great Britain
Great Britain is United Kingdom.

List football teams 2005/06 season
These are football  teams leaguesy are in for 2005–06 season.

Scottish Football League
The Football League is series leagues for football teams.

List French football teams
These are French football  teams.

List football teams
These are football teams leaguesy played in for 2008/09 season.

List football teams
These are football teams that are have been in past years in main professional division .

List football teams
These are football  teams leaguesy played in for 2003/04 season.

Welsh League
The League is a football league in Wales.

Arsenal F.C.
Arsenal Football Club is an football club.

Aston Villa F.C.
Aston Villa Football Club, is an football club.

Birmingham City F.C.
Birmingham City Football Club, is an football club.

Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Blackburn Rovers Football Club, is an football club.

Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Bolton Wanderers F.C.

Charlton Athletic F.C.
Charlton Athletic Football Club, is an football club.

Chelsea F.C.
Chelsea Football Club is an football club that plays ind, starting in 1905.

Everton F.C.
Everton Football Club Everton F.C.

Fulham F.C.
Fulham Football Club, is an football club from London.

Liverpool F.C.
Liverpool Football Club is an football club.

Manchester City F.C.
Manchester City Football Club is an football club.

Manchester United F.C.
Manchester United Football Club is a football club that plays in Premier League.

Middlesbrough F.C.
Middlesbrough Football Club, is an football club.

Newcastle United F.C.
Newcastle United Football Club is an football club in Newcastle.

Portsmouth F.C.
Portsmouth Football Club, is an football club.

Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, is an football club.

Derby County F.C.
Derby County Football Club is an football club.

Ipswich Town F.C.
Ipswich Town Football Club PLC  is an football club.

Sunderland A.F.C.
Sunderland Association Football Club is an football club.

West Bromwich Albion F.C.
West Bromwich Albion Football Club is an football club.

West Ham United F.C.
West Ham United Football Club is an football club.

Wigan Athletic F.C.
Wigan Athletic Football Club is an football club.

Wimbledon F.C.
Wimbledon Football Club was an football club.

Accringtonley F.C.
Accringtonley Football Club is an football club.

Telford United F.C.
Telford United Football Club is an football club.

AFC Wimbledon
AFC Wimbledon is an football  club from London.

Sheffield F.C.
Sheffield Football Club is a football club ind.

Asteroid belt
The asteroid belt asteroid field is an ringe rocks betweenbits Jupiter Mars.

Essen
Essen is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Gardening
Gardening is growing plants such as flowers, shrubs trees as a hobby recreation.

Democracy
A democracy  is a government.

Game
Games are enjoyment.

Nebraska
Nebraska is a state in center United States.

Time
We use time to measure past, present future.

Force (physics)
In physics, force is changes tends to change a state rest motion in an object.

Laboratory techniques
Laboratory techniques are techniques handling various pieces apparatus.

International System Units
Theational System Units is international standard metric system today.

Lake
Lake is five Great Lakes in North America.

List kitchen equipment
This is a list items found in many kitchens.

Gas syringe
A gas syringe is a tool used in a laboratory.

Mixture
In chemistry, a mixture is a substance that is made up two more simpler substances.

Language families languages
Language families are groups languages that are other becausey come from a common older language.

Chess
Chess is a game for two players.

Gold
Gold is a soft, heavy, dark yellowish piece shiny metal that has been thousands years by people all over world, for jewelry, as money, now in tooth fillings electronic equipment such as computers.

Century
A century is a way to describe a length time.

Kilogram
The kilogram is a metric unit that describes mass.

Second
The  is a unit time, seven SI base units.

Anthropologist
An anthropologist is a person who studies human beings howy behave.

Orange
Orange is a color.

Basque Country
The Basque Country  is a region in South-West Europe, that is contained within bordersce Spain.

M-theory
M-theory is a new idea in-particle physics that is superstringory.

Jaguar (car)
Jaguar isiginally a car builder acquired by builder Tata Motors at beginning 2008.

Scientific method
Science things that are not science  isten defined by whethery use scientific method.

Gas
A gas is states matter.

Family
A family is a group people who must have consanguinity live together.

Wave (physics)
A wave is a type change that moves from place to another.

Weapon
Aapon is an object that can be injure a person animal.

Christmas cake
A Christmas cake is a heavy cake containing much dried fruit usually having a covering icing.

Christmas cracker
A christmas cracker is a tube brightly coloured paper.

Fingerplate
A fingerplate is a plate that is door near handle keyhole.

Floodlight
A floodlight is ae electric light.

Headrest
A headrest isthing which supports head.

Inkpad
A inkpad is a box that has ink on a thick piece cloth other material.

Jack-in-the-box
A jack-in-the-box is a children's toy which is a box from which a figure on a spring jumps when top is opened.

London Borough
A London Borough is a district London.

City London
The City London is a district London, capital cityd United Kingdom.

City Westminster
The City Westminster is a London Borough.

London Borough Lambeth
The London Borough Lambeth is a London Borough.

London Borough Southwark
The London Borough Southwark is a London Borough.

London Borough Camden
The London Borough Camden is a London Borough.

London Borough Merton
The London Borough Merton is a London Borough.

Brixton
Brixton is a place in south London.

Bankside
Bankside is old London Borough Southwark.

River Thames
The River Thames is ae river ind.

Queen
A queen is female head a royal family.

Male
Male is two sexes.

Female
A Female is anganism that belongs to sex that produces ova  for sexual reproduction.

Camden
Camden is a place in north London,d.

London Borough Greenwich
The London Borough Greenwich is a London Borough.

London Borough Wandsworth
The London Borough Wandsworth is a London Borough.

London Borough Islington
The London Borough Islington is a London Borough.

Bambuco
Bambuco is a type music from Colombia.

Christmas
Christmas is a holiday that celebrates birth Jesus.

Adjective
An adjective is a for a word that modifies  a noun.

Paper
Paper is a thin sheet fibers pressed together.

Power
The call it chi.

States matter
There are four common states matter  on earth: solid, liquid, plasma, gas.

Perimeter
In geometry, perimeter is distance around a flat object.

Nation
A nation is an area land ruled by a person group people.

Metal
Metals are hard, shiny materials that are used a lot.

German
It can mean language.

Indonesia
Indonesia is a country in Southeast Asia.

Property
Ownership.

Crusade
When Crusades happened, Muslims controlled Holy Land.

Renegades
"Renegades" is album by music group Rage Against Machine.

NEWI Cefn Druids F.C.
NEWI Cefn Druids Football Club  are a football  team.

Aberystwyth Town F.C.
Aberystwyth Town Football Club are a football  team.

German language
The language  deutsche Sprache") is a Westic language in Indo language family.

Mississippi River
The Mississippi River is longest river in United States.

Tributary
A tributary a river is another river that flows into it.

Missouri River
The Missouri River is a river instern United States.

Meaning life
Many religions, ways thinking, creative artists have Life.

Watershed
Watershed is a geographic term about rivers.

Great Plains
The Great Plains is a series plains in Canada United States.

Myth
A myth is a story which may may not be true.

Minnesota River
The Minnesota River is a river in United States.

Mythology
Mythology is collection myths for a culture.

Wisconsin River
The Wisconsin River is a river in United States.

Alaska
The State Alaska is states United States, although it is.

BBC
The BBC Broadcasting Corporation is anganisation in UK.

Illinois River
The Illinois River is a river in United States.

Milk
Milk is a white liquid produced by mammals, for example cows, dogs, humans.

Weather
Weather tells us is happening in sky above us.

British Columbia
British Columbia (B.C.

20th century
The century is century from year 1901 to 2000.

Brussels
Brussels  is capital city Belgium Union.

Thuringia
Thuringia  is ady.

Saxony
The Free State Saxony , is 16 statesy.

Internet Explorer
Internet Explorer is ab browser created by Spyglass Inc.

Ulster
Ulster is four provinces which make upd.

List mathematicians
This is a list famous mathematicians.

Mancala
Mancala is a group games played in Africa, Middle East, central Asia.

Coden, Alabama
Coden is a fishing village near Bayou la Batre, Alabama, USA.

Platypus
The platypus  is a mammalder "Monotremata".

Kenya
Kenya is a country in East Africa.

Swahili language
Swahili language is a language widely spoken in East Africa.

Car
A car  is a machine .

Long jump
The long jump is a sport in athletics , where a athletes compete by comparing lengths jumps.

Elizabeth II United Kingdom
Elizabeth II  is Queen sixteen independent countriesir territories.

Question
A question isone asks, usually whenre isthing that he she does not know.

Boss
A boss isone who is in charge a project staff in a companyganization.

Gun
A gun is a machine bullets.

Hobby
A hobby is an leisure activity that people do for fun recreation.

World Trade Center
The World Trade Center  in New York City had several buildings.

Hour
An hour  is a unit measurement time.

Minute
A minute is a customary unit time, it is equal to 60sre is 60 minutes in an hour.

Coat
A coat is a piece clothing that is worn over a person's upper body.

Study
To study is to try to learnthing.

Head
The head is body where brain is.

Norway
Norway is a country in north Europe.

Albania
Albania is a country in Europe.

Hungary
Hungary is a country in Central Europe.

Netherlands
Theds is a country in Europe.

Ukraine
Ukraine  is a country in Europe.

Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein is a country in Europe.

Portugal
Portugal is a country in south-west Europe.

Slovakia
Slovakia  is a country with no access to ocean in central Europe.

Slovenia
Slovenia is a country in Central Europe.

Oldham Cricket Club
Oldham Cricket Club are a cricket team which currently plays in Centralire League.

Denarius
The denarius was a silver coin.

Jack knife
A jack knife is a knife.

Luffa
A luffa  is a long thin dried inner fruit a tropical plant.

Kimono
Kimonos  are traditional clothes.

Sconce
A sconce is a holder for candles electric lights that is fixed on a wall.

Culture
Culture is a word for people's "way life", meaning wayy do things.

Houseplant
A houseplant is any decorative plant.

Waxed paper
Waxed paper  is a type paper which has been coated on both sides with wax.

Japanese tea ceremony
The tea ceremony  is a special way making green tea .

Sideboard
A sideboard is a piece furniture.

Movie
Movies  are a type visual communication which use moving pictures sound to tell stories inform .

Holland
Holland is a region insternds.

Isotope
The atoms a chemical element can exist in different types.

Crushing by elephant
In past, many rulers in south southeast Asia had people crushed by elephants.

Power network
A Power network is a type contact network where its members can tell other people to do.

Citizenship
Citizenship is relationship between a person his her country, usually same he she lives in, supports, in return gets protection from.

Elephant
Elephants are living land mammals.

Buddhism
Buddhism teaches people how to reduceir suffering by understandingmselves better.

Governor General
Governor General is a representative a head state.

Black hole
A black hole is an object in universe that has such a strong pull gravity, even light can't escape it.

Sheffield
Sheffield is a city in region calledire in Northd.

Fertilizer
A fertilizer is a chemical that helps plants to grow.

Military
The military is men women who work in army, navy, air force, other armed forces a country.

Photosynthesis
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants, protists, bacteria to make food.

Casserole
A casserole is a baked dish many different types food, usually mixed together.

Plate
A plate is a type dish where food can be placed after being.

Flea
The flea  is an insect that lives on manys animalstimes humans.

Terrorism
Terrorism is act scaring people for a social political reason using violence .

Krishna
Krishna was Eight Avataranu in Hinduism.

South Africa
The Republic South Africa is a country in southern region Africa.

Andorra
Andorra is a country between Spaince.

Hiroshima
Hiroshima  is a city prefecture in.

Richter scale
The Richter magnitude scale is a scale numbers size earthquakes.

Day
A day is time it takes Earth to spin around once.

Phases Moon
The phases moon are different ways moon looks during month.

Sphere
A sphere is a shape in space that is surface a ball, usually terms ball sphere are used alike, but in math, precise  definition only allows points in 3 dimensional space which are uniformly symmetrically allocated at a fixed length called radius sphere.

Quantity
Quantity amount is how muchthingre is that can be counted measured.

Advertising
Advertising is promotions, services, companies ideas, usually performed by an identified sponsor, performed through a variety media.

Buddha
A Buddha is a very holy person in Buddhism.

Flag United States
The flag United States America is a national flag.

Mohandas Gandhi
Mohandasd Gandhi  was a famous spiritual leader politician from India, "Father Nation".

Schizophrenia
Schizophrenia is a type mental illness.

Drink
A drink is a liquid that you can take into your body.

Need
A need is a thing that a living being, plant animal, must have to live to be happy.

Freeware
Freeware is software that people may get without paying for it.

Yahoo!
Yahoo! is ab portal an internet content service provider.

Mecca
Mecca Makkah  is a city in Saudi Arabia.

Arabian Peninsula
Arabia is a peninsula in Southwest Asia at junction Africa Asia.

South
South is 4 main directions on a compass.

Central America
Central America is a region between Guatemala Belize in North, Panama at South.

French language
The French language "" is ace language that wasiginally spoken ince, Belgium, Luxembourg,d.

Prime minister
A prime minister manages politics a country.

Greenland
Greenland is ae Arctic island.

Union Soviet Socialist Republics
The Soviet Union ) was a group countries that came together .

Monarch
A monarch is a ruler who rules becuase his parents ruled.

Unit
Unit meansthing.

Uncle
An uncle is a used in an extended family.

Information
Information isthing that can learn, know about, understand.

Airport
An airport is a place where airplanes can land takeoff.

Ice
Water becomes ice when it is very cold.

Travel
Travel is activity going from place to another location.

CNN
Cable News Network  is a national news service on television in United States America.

Leader
A leader isone who has authority to tell a group people do to.

Blackboard
A blackboard, also called a chalkboard, is a surface on which markings made with chalk are visible.

Linux
Linux GNU/Linux is an open source operating system for computers.

Open source
Open source software is software where source code--the language programmers use to make computers doir jobs--is available to everyone.

Desktop environment
A desktop environment is a group software that allows user to use a computer easily.

OpenOffice.org
OpenOffice.org is a free open sourcefice suite made by Sun Microsystems free software community.

Download
Download means getting information from another computer server.

GNOME
GNOME is a computer desktop environment.

Dog
A dog  is a mammal from family Canidae.

Blindness
Blindness is inability to see anything.

Arctic
The Arctic is area around Earth's North Pole.

Sin
A sin isthing that a religion tells its believers is a bad thing to do.

Summer
Summer is four seasons.

Month
A month is an amount time used with calendars.

Alberta
Alberta is a province in Canada.

Electronics
Electronics is study use electrical components circuits to achieve a design goal.

Scalar
Scalars are simple numbers.They are things.

Photon
Photons , in many atomic models in physics, areicles which transmit light.

Vector
A vector is a mathematical object that has a size direction.

Soap bubble
A soap bubble is a very thin film soap water.

Fire Brigades Union
The Fire Brigades Union  is main union for firefighters in United Kingdom.

Force
The word force means "to makeonething dothing".

Bicycle
A bicycle, bike, is a land vehicle with two wheels, pedals, a metal chain on pedals rear wheel.

Wheel
A wheel is a disc- circle-shaped mechanical device.

Exercise
Physical exercise.

Percent
Percent means "out hundred".

Writing
Writing is act recording information on a medium so that it may be read by others at a later time.

Rock
Rock is many things.

Plato
Plato was a very important classical Greek philosopher.

Book
A book is a collection papers held together between two covers to keep papers inside safe.

Sundial
A sundial shows current solar time during day.

Peninsula
A peninsula is a region land that sticks in a body water.

Derivative
A derivative isthing created from a primary source, can mean different things.

Combinatorial gameory
Combinatorial gameory is a mathematicalory games.

Nim
There is a simple mathematical strategy to play game perfectly.

Blue
Blue is colors rainbow that people can see.

Murder
Murder is when person kills another person on purpose.

Bird
Birds are a group among animals called vertebrates animals with backbones.

Freedom speech
Freedom speech is right to state's opinions ideas without being stopped punished.

Banana
Aa is a fruit that grows in clusters on banana trees.

Biel
Biel  is an industrial town ind.

Swatchet Time
Swatchet Time is a way to measure time invented in 1998 by Swatch manufacturing firm in Biel,d.

Test tube
A test tube is a laboratory glassware, composed a fingerlike length glass tubing, open at top, usually with a rounded lip at top, a rounded 'U' shaped bottom.

Beaker
A beaker is a laboratory glassware.

Crucible
In chemistry, a crucible is a laboratory apparatus that is usually a cup, made porcelain non-reactive metal, chemical compounds to very high temperatures.

Lithium
Lithium  is chemical element in periodic table.

Beryllium
Beryllium is an alkaline earth metal.

Data compression
Data compression is making data use space on a data storage device.

Compiler
In computer science, a compiler is a program that takes "source code" changes it to a target language .

Eye
The eye is body that lets humans animals see.

Tongue-twister
A tongue-twister is a sentence that is hard to say.

AbiWord
AbiWord is a free word processor that can be, it is open source is much in size than a proprietary alternative, Microsoft Word.

Insect
Insects are a group invertebrate animals are phylum Arthropoda.

List operating systems
This is a list operating systems.

Computer jargon
Computer jargon means words to do with computers surrounding topics.

Million
A million  is ae number.

Thousand
A thousand  is a number.

Gross domestic product
In economics, gross domestic product  is how much a place produces in amount time.

Cricket
Cricket is a sport.

Athletics (track field)
Athletics  is a collection sport events that includes running, jumping throwing.

Badminton
Badminton is a sport for two four people.

Chemical warfare
If use chemicals  to destroy plants,times human beings may be affected by side-effects.

Iran
Iran Persia is a country in South Asia Greater Middle East region.

Gautama Buddha
Siddhārta Gautama was person who began religion Buddhism.

North
North is 4 main directions on a compass.

List football teams
These are football teams.

Epiphany
Epiphany is a Web browser for GNOME.

Video game console
A video game console is a machine that is video games.

PlayStation
The PlayStation is a video game console made by Sony.

Election
An election is a way people can chooseir candidateir preferences in a democracy other government.

Medicine
Medicine is science that deals with diseases  in humans, ways to prevent diseases, ways to return to a healthy condition.

Transport
Transport, transportation, is movement peoples products from place to another place.

Road
A road is a piece land which connects two more places.

2004
Year 2004 was a leap year starting on Thursday calendar.

Hawaiiands
Hawaii has been a state since 1959.

Mauna Kea
Mauna Kea is a dormant volcano inds.

Mauna Loa
Mauna Loa is an active volcano inds United States.

Kilauea
Kilauea is an active volcano inds.

Van
A van is a type vehicle.

Luggage
People use luggage to carryir possessions when travelling.

Pantograph
A pantograph is an machine.

Paperback
A paperback is a type book.

Palette
A palette is colours.They are usually made plastic wood but can be made other materials.

Glow-worm
A glow-worm, glowworm, is an insect.

Palette knife
A palette knife is a blunt knife with an very flexible steel blade no sharpened cutting edge.

Foolscap
Foolscap is lined, legal-size paper .

Polymer
A polymer is a material which has molecules made from joining together many molecules called monomers.

Medium
A medium is way means information is sent received.

Phrase
A phrase is a group words that adds meaning to a word.

Preposition
Prepositions are words word groups which begin a noun phrase with more than word.

Possess
To possess is to have to own.

Pronoun
A pronoun is traditionally called a speech in grammar  In, pronouns are words such as "me, she, his,m, herself, each other, it,".

Adverb
An adverb is a word more about a verb, it almost always answers questions "how?", "when?", "where?", "howten?", "in way?".

Sunday
Sunday is seven daysek.

Ottawa, Ontario
Ottawa is capital Canada is province Ontario.

News agency
A news agency is a company.

Mudguard
A mudguard is a a car, motorcycle bicycle.

Para rubber tree
A Para rubber tree  is tree which naturally produces rubber.

Safety curtain
A safety curtain is a curtain inatre at front stage.

Safety lamp
A safety lamp is a miner's lamp with a covered flame that used in coal mines.

Christmas stocking
A Christmas stocking is a long sock hung by a fireplace bed on Christmas Eve.

List football teams
These are football teams leaguesy played in for 2007/08 season.

2001
Year 2001 was a common year starting on Monday.

Sex
Humans.

Hacksaw
A hacksaw is a tool for sawing.

Spade
In gardening, a spade  is a tool.

Hoe
A hoe is a tool in farming gardening.

Shovel
A shovel is a tool.

Plunger
A plunger is a tool.

Ladder
A ladder is a tool.

Oral history
Oral history is history that is told rather than written down.

Generation
A generation isten to mean average amount time between birth parents birthir children.

Offspring
Offspring are immediate descendants a person, animal, plant.

Gene
Genes are a DNA.

Alliteration
Alliteration is when a sentence phrase has many words starting with same letter.

Homophone
Homophones are words that sound same as another word but have a different meaning,ten a different spelling.

Condensation
Condensation is process in which water vapour changes into a water droplet ice crystal.

Precipitation
Precipitation is water falling from clouds in liquid in solid.

Relative humidity
Relative humidity is ratio betweenial pressure water vapour in air saturation vapour pressure water vapour at that temperature.

Vitamin C
Vitamin C is a vitamin.

Dichlorphenolindophenol
DCPIP  is a blue chemical used as a dye as when it is in its oxidized state it is blue.

Healthy diet
A healthy diet balanced diet is a diet  that contains right amounts all food substances.

Dye
Dye is a substance materials.

Poetry
Poetry is a type art a type literature.

Literature
Literature is collection written works a language, time, culture.

Imagination
Imagination has to be primarily with mind.

Calorimeter
A calorimeter is an apparatus.

Bolus
In biology, a bolus , is a ball-shaped living thing.

Oesophagus
The oesophagus , also called gullet, is gastrointestinal system between mouth stomach.

Protease
A protease is an enzyme.

Dental floss
Dental floss is a thread.

Rickets
Rickets is a disease in young children.

Bile
Bile gall is a green-yellow fluid.

Dental pulp
The dental pulp is in center a tooth.

Protoplasm
Protoplasm is living substance that make up a cell.

Amylase
Amylase is an enzyme.

Variegated leaf
A variegated leaf is a leaf which contains green non greens.

Seam ripper
A seam ripper is a cutting tool.

Plaque
Plaque is a sticky, white film fluid on teeth.

Pin cushion
A pin cushion is cushion pins needles.

Chemical cell
A chemical cell converts chemical energy into electrical energy.

Das Lied der Deutschen
Das Lied der Deutschen , also known as Dasdlied, , is a song written by Joseph Haydnn von Fallersleben.

Cavity
A cavity is a hole.

Evidence
Evidence isthing that is an argument.

Dyadic
A dyadic is a math function that needs two things inder to givething.

Hill
A hill is a landform that is higher than surrounding terrain that is than a mountain.

Enzyme
Enzymes are special molecules that work as catalysts.

Mountain
A mountain is a natural rise earth's surface that usually has a "summit" .

Machine code
Machine code, also called machine language, are 1s 0s which are put into a microprocessor CPU to tell it to do.

Area
Area is amount space a two dimensional  object takes up.

Air space
Air space is area air that is controlled by a countryganisation.

Swamp cooler
Swamp coolers are simple type air conditioning device that can cool a room a house a car by using cooling effect evaporation water.

Saskatoon
Saskatoon is a city in, Canada.

Glass rod
Glass rods aretimes used as stirrers in laboratory environments.

Thermometer
We use armometer to find how hot cold a thing, person, animal is .

Week
Aek is seven days in connectingder.

Suffix
A suffix is a few letters put at end a word to change its meaning.

Japanese language
Japanese  "Nihon-go" "Nippon-go" in) is language spoken on island nation, in East Asia.

Spice
Spice isthing that adds flavor to food.

Flavor
Flavour Flavor  is quality anything which affects taste.

Bank
A bank is a place where money can be saved loaned from.

Comet Halley
Comet Halley, Halley's Comet, is a comet.

Hubble Space Telescope
The Hubble Space Telescope  is a famous telescope.

Motion sensor
A motion sensor is a sensor device.

Arm
An arm is a limb.

Arrow
An arrow is a shape tothing.

Golf
Golf is a game played in an open field where golfer plays his golf ball into a hole by using different types clubs .

Spirituality
Spirituality is a given to matters spirit.

2002
Year 2002 was a common year starting on Tuesday calendar.

2003
Year 2003 was a common year starting on Wednesday calendar.

1999
1999 is a year in century.

1998
1998 is a year in century.

1997
1997 is a year in century.

1996
1996 is a year in century.

1995
1995 is a year in century.

1994
1994 is a year in century.

1993
1993 is a year in century.

1992
1992 is a year in century.

1991
1991 is a year in century.

2005
Year 2005 was a common year starting on Saturday calendar.

2006
Year 2006 was a common year starting on Tuesday calendar.

2007
Year 2007  was a common year starting on Monday calendar "Anno Domini"  era.

1989
1989 is a year in century.

2008
2008 was last year.

Common year
A common year is a year that is not a leap year.

Decade
A decade  is a period 10 years.

19th century
The century is century from 1801 to 1900.

21st century
The century is century from 2001 to 2100.

Ijtihad
Ijtihad is process reaching a legal decision on basis's own interpretation Islamic law.

Standard temperature pressure
STP , are conditionsten used in chemistry to study test a chemical.

Human
A human human being is a person.

Jungle
The jungle is a forest in a tropical placec.

Light
Light is a type energy, which means it is non-matter cannot be touched.

Stockholm
Stockholm is capital city Sweden.

Rain
Rain are droplets water that fall from clouds in sky.

2009
2009 is this year.

Gambling
Gambling is a contest where a player bets on result an event.

Monty Python
Monty Python, also known as The Pythons, is a group actors who have acted in several comedy movies had a television show, "Monty Python's Flying Circus" which wasiginally between 1969 1974, is stillll-known watched around world.

Time zone
Time zones give specific areas on Earth a time day that is earlier later than neighboring time zones.

Market
A market is a place where people go to buy sell things.

Electron
An electron is a tiny piece matter.

Mascot
A mascot is a character that stands forthing.

Chile
Chile is a long, thin country which is onstern side South America.

Ambassador
An ambassador is a person sent by government a country to a different country.

Monday
--86.149.70.81  18:07, 13 January 2009 Monday is dayek.

Nuclear war
A nuclear war is when two more groups countries fight with nuclearapons.

Tax
Tax is money that people have to pay to government.

Florida
Florida is a state in southeastern United States.

Mario (Nintendo)
Mario is a game character.

Video game
Video games are electronic games played on a video screen .

Oboe
An oboe is a woodwind instrument with a double reed.

GURPS
GURPS, Generic Universal Role-Playing System, is a role-playing game.

Eric Idle
Eric Idle  is an actor.

Enemy
An enemy is a person group people who opposes another person group people.

2000
2000 is last year in century.

Adelaide
Adelaide is a city in Australia.

Yoshi
Yoshi is a fictional dinosaur who appears in Mario series video games.

Lake
A lake  is ae body water  within a body land.

East
East is 4 main directions on a compass.

Tire
Tire  is wheel which is made rubber.

Population
A population is number living things in an area.

Snow
Snow is frozen ice crystals rain.

West
West is 4 main directions on a compass.

List physics topics
A.

President
A president is leader a country a company other group.

List colors
This is a list colors.

List lakes
North America.

Galileo Galilei
Galileo Galilei   was an astronomer,  a famous thinker.

Agreement
When people feel think same way aboutthing,y agree.

Promise
When a person agrees to dothing to "not" dothing, that person is making a promise.

Cloud
A cloud is water in atmosphere  that can see.

Water cycle
The water cycle is cycle water goes through on Earth.

Water vapor
Water vapor is water that is in a vapor, gas.

Solid
Solid is four common states matter.

Evaporation
Evaporation is when a liquid becomes a gas.

Contract
A contract is an agreement promise that law can enforce.

Face
The face is front head.

Kolkata
Kolkata  is capital city state West Bengal.

Pencil
A pencil is a cylinder-shaped tool draw, usually on paper.

Logic
Logic is science reasoning.

Communism
Communism is a political way thinking idea how society should work beganized.

Resurrection
Resurrection is when body comes back to life after dying.

Monarchy
A monarchy is a government where a monarch, a hereditary ruler  is head state.

North Korea
North Korea, Democratic People's Republic Korea, is a country in northern Korea.

Parliament
A parliament is a type legislature.

Turing test
The Turing test is a test to see if a computer can trick a person into believing that computer is a person too.

Fuel
A fuel is a substance that is changed in way to produce heat, electricity, others energy.

List anarchists
An anarchist isone who supports anarchism.

Rights
A person's rights arey can do have legally morally.

Estonia
Estonia is a country in Europe.

Cyprus
Cyprus is a country in Asia, that isten counted as Europe for reasons culture history.

Latvia
Latvia is a country in Europe.

Lithuania
Lithuania is a country in northern Europe on eastern shore Baltic Sea.

Malta
Malta is an island country in Europe.

List Soviet Union-related topics
W.

Lists
Authors.

Comoving distance
In normal cosmology, 'comoving' distance 'proper distance' is several distances measured by cosmologists to define distances between objects.

Shaanxi
Shaanxi  is a province in east China.

Lisbon
Lisbon is capital city Portugal.

Surfing
Surfing is a water sport.

Lyon
Lyon  is a city in south-eastce.

George W.
George Walker  is current President United States America.

Organic compound
Organic compound are compounds carbon.

Coal
Coal is a black solid fossil fuel.

Petroleum
Petroleum also called crude oil is a thick black liquid.

Natural gas
Natural gas is a mixture.

Energy
Energy is a word with more than meaning.

Reference
A reference isthing that can be "referred" to,thing things.

Jewel
Jewels  are rare minerals.

Xenon
Xenon is a non-metal chemical element.

Kuala Lumpur
Kuala Lumpur is capital city Malaysia.

List elements by
This is a list chemical elements,ed by.

Speed light
The speed light is by definition exactly 299,792,458 meters per in free space .

Denial
Denial in psychology means thatone denies thatthing has happened is happening although he really knows it is true.

Tokyo
Tokyo  is capital.

Lao Zi
Lao Tsu  was famous philosophers.

List physicists
This is a list physicists.

Brass
Brass is an alloy copper zinc.

Body
A body is physical material a person animal.

Alloy
An alloy is an uniform mixture.

Material
A material isthing things.

Brain
The brain is a body that allows us to make sense world around us to change our behavior to respond to it.

Neuron
Neurons are also called nerve cells.

Middle East
The Greater Middle East Asia is an area land group countries in continent Asia.

Warsaw
Warsaw  is capitald.

Hindu-Arabic numeral system
The Hindu-Arabic numeral system is a numeral system.

Point (geometry)
A point is a position in space.

Line
A line is path point moving.

Plane (mathematics)
A plane is a perfectly flat surface extending in all directions.

Angle
An angle is space between two lines that meet each other.

List astronomers
__NOTOC__ .

List astrophysicists
An astrophysicist is a person whose profession is astrophysics.

List walls
This is a list famous walls.

List vegetables
Some vegetables which are botanically fruits  are vegetables in culinary sense.

List terrorist incidents
The following is a timeline acts failed attempts that can be considered terrorism.

List telescope types
There are three main types astronomical telescopes -se are.

List shipwrecks
This list shipwrecks is sunken ships whose remains have been located.

List religions
This is a list religions.

List languages
Ethnologue lists about 6,800 main languages in its language index  distinguishes about 41,000 alternate languages dialects.

List endangered languages
A list endangered languages .

List emotions
This is a list emotions .

List earthquakes
"The Richter scale was adopted in 1935, was used in above table also about earlier earthquakes at a merely indicative title.

List disasters
This is a list disasters, both natural man-made.

List diseases
This is a list common,ll-known infamous diseases.

List Communist Parties
There are a number Communist Parties around world.

List common misspellings in
This is a list common misspellings in language.

List color topics
This is a list color topics.

List buildings
__NOTOC__ Index: A-B - C-D - E-I - J-O - P-R - S - T-V - W - Y - Z .

List bridges
The list bridges is a link page for any bridge.

List bones human skeleton
A typical adult human skeleton consists following 206 bones.

Lists tropical cyclones
These are lists tropical cyclones.

Lists astronomical objects
This is aial list various lists astronomical objects which either exist, should exist, in Wikipedia.

List stars
The following is a list stars.

List nearest stars
This list nearest stars to Earth isdered by increasing distance.

List planets
The list all planets in solar system Pluto is no longer classified as a planet, it is now considered a dwarf planet.

List nearest galaxies
This list nearest galaxies to Earth isdered by increasing distance.

List comets
This is a list comets in solar system.

List stars with confirmed extrasolar planets
The following is a list main sequence stars with confirmed extrasolar planets.

List water sports
There are ae number sports that involve water.

List waterways
The list waterways is a link page for any river, canal, estuary, firth.

List wave topics
This is a list wave topics, by Wikipedia page.

List waterfalls
This is a list waterfalls.

List tunnels
The list tunnels is a link page for any road tunnel, railway tunnel, waterway tunnel anywhere in world.

List tallest structures in world
This is a list tallest structures in world'", past present any type.

List symbols
This is a list graphical signs, icons, symbols.

List supermarkets
This is a list supermarkets around world.

Acid
An acid isthing that has a pH than 7.0.

White dwarf
A white dwarf is a star.

Beach
A beach is an area lakeshore seashore which is fairly open, slopes smoothly to water, is free trees,e boulders, anything else which might make walking difficult impossible.

Mental illness
A mental illness is an illness mind.

Major depressive disorder
Depression  is a type mental illness mood disorder.

Qur'an
The Qur'an  is holy book Islam, Holy Bible.

Tony Blair
Anthony Charles Lyton Blair usually called Tony Blair is recent Prime Minister United Kingdom.

Accident
An accident is whenthing goes wrong when it is not meant to.

Acne
Acne is an infection skin, caused by changes in sebaceous glands.

Dinosaur
Dinosaurs re reptiles that lived a very long time ago.

Stone Age
The Stone Age was an ancient time period when people made tools from stone.

Adolf Hitler
Adolf Hitler  was a politician who was leader Naziy.

Virgil
Publius Vergilius Maro, also called Virgil Vergil by-speaking people,  was a writer poems in Latin language.

Alcohol
In chemistry, alcohol is a general term which refers to manyganic compounds used in industry science as reagents, solvents, fuels.

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was an composer pianist.

Johann Bach
Johann Bach (b.

Atmosphere
Earth's atmosphere is layer gases around planet Earth.

Penis
The penis is a male sexgan found onside body.

Sahara Desert
The Sahara Desert in north Africa is desert in world .

Paris
Paris is capital cityce, cityre.

The Holocaust
The Holocaust,times called The Shoah , refers to planned deportation killing people by Naziy.

Kyoto,
Kyoto  is a city in.

Anarchy
In use, an "anarchy" might be a made-up real society based on a group's beliefs about anarchism .

DNA
DNA, for deoxyribonucleic acid, is a nucleic acid - an acidic molecule that is in nucleus cells.

Karl Marx
Karl Heinrich Marx  was a philosopher political thinker who wrote about money  power .

Bread
Bread is a type food, made from flour water .

Shinto
Shinto  Shintoism is native religion.

Volcano
A volcano is a mountain where lava  comes from a magma chamber under ground.

Big Bang
The Big Bang isory that universe began by growing from a very, dense, hot condition about 13.7 billion years ago.

Google Mail
Google Mail, also known as Gmail, is a free e-mail service that is run by Google.

Astronomer
An astronomer is a person who studies stars planets.

Analysis
An analysis is a person has when he she has analysedthing.

Foolish
Foolish means silly not wise.

Aristotle
Aristotle   was a Greek philosopher.

Carl
Carl Edward  was an astronomer.

Matsuoo
Matsuo Munefusa, known as Matsuoō  was a poet.

Colonization
Colonization is act country settling another place, inder to become new rulers new country, to live in new country.

Choreography
Choreography  is art making dances.

Electrical cell
An electrical cell is a device that is electricity, that is chemical reactions possible by applying electricity.

Dry cell
Dry cells are a type chemical cells.

Vietnam War
The Vietnam War lasted from 1959 to 1975.

Sahel
The Sahel is a narrow belt land in West Africa.

List simple adjectives
This is a list simple adjectives used in language.

Chemical change
A chemical change  is a change materials into other, new materials with different properties, more new substances areed.

Physical change
A physical change is a change in which no new substances areed physical changes are reversible.

Ronald
Ronald Wilson  was  President United Statesor California.

United Nations
The United Nations  is an internationalganization.

List historians
This is a list historians.

Zeami
Zeami Motokiyo  also called Kanze Motokiyo ,  was a actor playwright.

Marco Polo
Marco Polo  was an trader explorer.

Shingles
Shingles is a disease.

A Brief History Time
"A Brief History Time"  is a book written by scientist mathematician Stephen Hawking.

Alexander Graham Bell
Alexander Graham Bell  was a teacher, scientist, he was very at basballeunder Bell Telephoney.

Heinrich Rudolf Hertz
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz  was a physicist.

1687
Year 1687 was a common year that started on a Wednesday when using calendar.

Deep house
Deep house is a type disco music.

Cytokine
Cytokines are proteins which body makes.

Bristol
Bristol is a city in United Kingdom.

List towns ind
This is a link page for towns cities ind.

Bright Eyes (band)
Bright Eyes is an indie rock music band.

Honeycomb
A honeycomb is a container made by bees wax thaty produce.

Greek language
The Greek language is an Indo language.

Kami-shibai
Kami-shibai  is a storytelling performance with picture cards, is a traditional entertainment for children.

Murasaki Shikibu
Murasaki Shikibu  was a novelist, poet, servant imperial court during period.

Pepsin
Pepsin is a enzyme.

PH
pH  is a scale acidity from 0 to 14.

Tapeworm
Tapeworms  are a type flatworm.

Omnivore
Omnivores are animals that eat both plants animals.

Herbivore
Herbivores are animals that only eat plants.

Hindi language
Hindi is commonly spoken language in India.

Ludwig van Beethoven
Ludwig van Beethoven  was a composer.

Roald Amundsen
Roald Engelbregt Gravning Amundsen was a man who explored Arctic South Pole.

Christopher Columbus
Christopher Columbus was a trader explorer.

General Public License
The GNU General Public License  is a computer software copyleft license.

Triangle (disambiguation)
In geometry, a triangle is flat shapeed by joining three points  with straight line segments.

Square (geometry)
A square is a shape with four equal sides four corners that are all right angles .

Computer hardware
Hardware is for Computer hardware.

Meat
Meat is animal tissue used as food.

Anders Celsius
Anders Celsius  was a astronomer.

Tuvalu
Tuvalu is a island country in Pacific.

Java
Java  is islands Indonesia.

James Watt
James Watt  was a mathematician engineer.

Michelangelo
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  was an sculptor, painter, architect poet.

Leonardo da Vinci
Leonardo da Vinci  was born in Florence in Italy.

Platinum
Platinum is a soft, heavy, white metal.

List rocks
__NOTOC__ .

List minerals
This is a list minerals.

Mineral
Minerals are substances that areed naturally in Earth.

Craft
Craft is a word for many different activities about making things with's own hands skills.

Kim Jŏng-Il
Kim Jŏng-Il  has been leader North Korea since his father's death in 1994.

Silver
"This article is about element.

Pope
The Pope is head Catholic Church.

San Andreas Fault
The San Andreas Fault is a dextral strike-slip fault.

Void (astronomy)
In astronomy, voids are empty spaces between filaments.

Computer mouse
A computer mouse is a computer to do, including moving cursor choosing things on screen.

Metallurgy
Metallurgy is study metals.

Fixed-wing aircraft
A fixed-wing aircraft aeroplane airplane is a aircraft,thing that can fly, but is heavier than air.

Aircraft
An aircraft is a flying machine.

Victoria, Columbia
Victoria is capital city province Columbia, Canada.

Suez Canal
The Suez Canal  is a canal in Egypt.

Canal
A canal is a waterway made by humans.

Mars (mythology)
Mars is God War in mythology.

Cessna
Cessna is an airplane company.

Clothing
Clothing is an item which is made to cover human body.

Shoe
A shoe is a piece footwear.

Footwear
Footwear is an item clothing made by humans that covers protects foot, including soles feet.

Cafe
A cafe is a type restaurant.

Jazz
Jazz is a type music which was invented in United States.

Coffee
Coffee is a plant it is also drink that is made from this plant.

Beef
Beef is a type meat.

Hyena
Hyenas are mammals.

Table salt
Table salt,ten called "cooking salt" just "salt" is widely used in cooking to add flavor to food.

Silk
Silk is a natural fiber made by silk worm larvae.

The Beatles
The Beatlesre an highly influential rock pop band in 1960s.

Reincarnation
Reincarnation is idea that people are born in another body aftery die.

Philosopher
A philosopher is a person who works, studies, is an expert in philosophy.

EBay
eBay is absite.

Gerhard Schröder
Gerhard Schröder wascellory from 1998 to 2005.

Melbourne
Melbourne is city in Australia.

Canberra
Canberra is capital city Australia.

Sydney
Sydney is a city on east coast Australia.

Greenhouse effect
The greenhouse effect occurs when certain gasses in atmosphere trap infrared radiation.

World War
A World War is a war in which countries in world fight help.

Ionizing radiation
Ionizing radiation is a process in physics wherething emitsicles waves that have potential to ionize an atom molecule through atomic interactions.

Click
Click is an onomatopoeia.

Buzz Aldrin
Colonel Edwin Eugene "Buzz" Aldrin, Jr., Ph.D  is an pilot astronaut.

Tuberculosis
Tuberculosis is in infectious disease which is caused by bacteria.

American
The word is a person a thing from any country in any Americas - North America, Central America, South America.

Grain
Grain is seeds specials grass.

Clause
A clause is a a sentence.

Marxism
Marxism is for a set political ideas.

Sacred
People use word sacred forthing that a religion says is special important.

Zürich City
Zürich  is a city ind.

Translation
Translation means to copy writing speech from language into a different language.

Astronaut
An astronaut cosmonaut is a person who goes into space.

Hacker
A hacker isone whos to do new things with computers.

Broadcasting
In communications, such as radio television, broadcasting means sending information such as television shows music electronically to ae audience.

Socialism
Socialism is for a set economic political ideas.

Leninism
Vladimir Lenin was a Marxist.

Bolshevik
Aevik was a Communist.

Saddam Hussein
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti , was President Iraq, from July 16 1979 to April 9 2003, when he was removed from his position during War in Iraq led by United States.

List traditional stars
This is a list traditionals for stars,ly from Arabic Latin.

List tectonic plates
This is a list tectonic plates Earth.

List oil fields
This list oil fields includes major fields past present.

Anarchism
Anarchism is belief that people canganizemselves without havingone from up above tellm to do.

List countries by area
List countries by area.

List countries by continents
Eurafrasia.

List countries byficial languages
Official languages sovereign countries.

List countries by population
This is a list countries by population.

List states that produce oil
This is aial list states that extract crude oil from oillls.

Forests in United Kingdom
This is a list forests in United Kingdom.

List prime numbers
This page contains a list 500 prime numbers lists prime numbers by specific categorizations.

List publishers
This is a list publishers in.

ΜCLinux
µCLinux is an operating system for computers inside integrated circuits .

UNIX
UNIX is a computer operating system.

Signature
A signature is a special way that people writeir to imply thaty agree tothing which is written.

Cocoa
Cocoa is seed cacao tree.

Côte d'Ivoire
The Republic Cote d'Ivoire is a country inst Africa.

Luke McCormick
Luke McCormick is an football player.

God paradox
Answers to God Paradox.

Libertarianism
"This page is about common idea libertarianism.

Auction
An auction is a place where people can buy sell things.

Roman Catholicism
Roman Catholicism  is church which is from Apostles two thousand years ago, led byops Pope,ir chief.

Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region People's Republic China ,Hong Kong) is two Special Administrative Regions  People's Republic China .

Blitzkrieg
Blitzkrieg is a word which means "lightning war".

Tank
A tank is a fighting machine.

Edinburgh
Edinburgh  is capital city city ind.

Head state
The head state a country is its highest leader.

Vladimir Lenin
Vladimir Ilyichov , better known as )  was a revolutionary leadereviksy.

Disease
A disease medical condition is an abnormality body mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction, distress, death to person afflicted in contact with person.

Carbon
Carbon is a very important chemical element, with a chemical symbol C.

Zazaki
Zazaki is a language spoken in eastern Anatolia above rivers Euphrates Tigris.

Chemical reaction
Some reactions are very fast, others are very slow.

Rectangle
A rectangle is a shape with four sides four corners.

Trafalgar Square
Trafalgar Square is a famous place in city London,d.

Official language
Anficial language is a language that has special status in a country.

Cake
A cake is a type dessert usually made to celebrate special occasions, a birthday.

House
A house is a building that is made for people to live in.

Gigabyte
A gigabyte  is a unit measurement in computers similar electronic devices.

Trader
A trader is a person who tries to make a profit by buyingthing at a low pricen selling it at a higher price.

Sailor
A sailor is a person who works under a captain to sail a ship.

Farmer
A farmer is a person who grows crops raises animals to be used as food.

Constellation
A constellation is a group stars.

Flood
Sometimes a river receives a lot extra water.

Hell
In many religions, Hell is a place where souls dead people go afterir lives end, a different version heaven.

Brest (France)
Brest  is a city found iny,ce.

1-1-2
The telephone number 1-1-2  is also standard Union  emergency telephone number, it works in every country EU, for land lines mobile phones.

Government-in-exile
A government-in-exile is a group people who claimy are real government a country, but who live in another country area.

Stonehenge
Stonehenge is a site inire,d.

Granite
Granite is a igneous rock, which means that it came from volcanic action inside Earth.

Syracuse, New York
Syracuse, New York is a city in U.S.

Soap opera
A soap opera is a television radio program that airs in episodic installments.

The Young Restless
"The Young Restless" is a very popular soap opera in America.

Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia is a state in southeastern United States.

Maharaji
Prem Rawat, also known as Maharaji, was born in India on 10 December 1957 started speaking to people about inner peace when he was 3 years old.

Immanuel Kant
Immanuel Kant  was a philosopher.

Aunt
An aunt is a used in an extended family.

Homer
Homer is Greek poet who wrote epic poems "Iliad" "Odyssey".

Marquis de Sade
Donatien Alphonseçois, Comte de Sade, , better known as Marquis de Sade) was a French dramatist philosopher.

Eurozone
The Eurozone  is set countries Union which have adopted Euro  currency.

Ordinal number
Ordinal numbers  are numbers that showthing'sder, for example:,,,,.

Republic
A republic is a government that has no king, queen, other monarch where people are sovereign.

Martin Luther
Martin Luther  was a monkologianity, later founder Church, churchtism, split from Catholic.

Noh
Noh No  is a major classical musical drama that has been performed since century.

Manga
A manga is a comic book, drawn by a "mangaka"  Manga is read from right to left,times, though, manga is read from left-to-right fasion for known series.

Spree
The Spree is a river in north-easty.

Liberalism
Liberalism is a way thinking about politics government.

Zeno's paradoxes
Zeno's Paradoxes are a famous set thought-provoking stories puzzles created by Zeno Elea in mid-5th century B.C.

Mandrake
Mandrake is common a number plants inade family, genus Mandragora.

Debian
Debian is a GNU/Linux distribution.

GNU
GNU is a computer operating system.

Serbia
The Republic Serbia  is a country in southeastern Europe.

Cancer
Cancer is a class diseases disorders thatten has uncontrolled division cells in common.

Photography
Photography is a way making a picture using a camera.

Radio wave
Radio waves make up electromagnetic spectrum.

Bridge
A bridge is a structure built to cross an open space gap.

Mysticism
Mysticism is belief that people can "directly" experience God true reality, rather than through books, ritual other people.

Ontario
Ontario is a province Canada.

Manitoba
Manitoba is a province Canada.

Head government
The head government a country is person who runs it.

Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan is a province Canada.

Classical music
Classical music, in itschestral, usually focuses on stringed instruments.

SNAFU
Snafu is an acronym that United States armies used.

Atlanta, Georgia
Atlanta is capital city Georgia, a state United States America.

Niccolò Machiavelli
Niccolò Machiavelli  was a political philosopher, born in Florence, Italy.

Supply line
A supply line is ae line military supply vehicles, usually in convoyat.

Michigan
Michigan is state in United States It is made up two penninsulas .

Fullerenes
Fullerenes are soccer ball shapeds carbon, usually containing 60 carbon atoms.

Caenorhabditis elegans
"Caenorhabditis elegans" ("C.

Saxe-Weimar
Saxe-Weimar  was a duchy in Thuringia,y.

Oldham
Oldham is a town in North Westd.

Pakistan
Pakistan,ficial Islamic Republic, is a country in South Asia, next to Republic India,,, China.

Newd
Newd  is a country in south-western Pacific.

South Korea
South Korea is a country in East Asia, in southern peninsula.

Republicd
Ireland is a country in Europe is a member Union.

Vietnam
Việt Nam  is a country in Southeast Asia.

Lance Armstrong
Lance Armstrong  is a bicycle rider.

Phoebe (moon)
Phoebe is a moon which goes around  planet called Saturn.

Three Peaks Challenge
The Three Peaks Challenge is a challenge  which involves climbing three mountains  in than 24 hours.

Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania is 50 states in United States America.

Box
A box is a container things in.

Philippines
The Philippines is a country with more than 7,000 islands.

Fawlty Towers
"Fawlty Towers" was a popular TV comedy.

Custom
A custom  is any thing which lots people do, have done for a long time.

Fort Ouiatenon
Fort Ouiatenon was fortified settlement in is now U.S.

Chennai
Chennai  is capital city state Tamil Nadu.

Mumbai
Mumbai  is a natural harbor onst coast India, is capital citytra state.

Bangalore
Bangalore is capital city state Karnataka.

Akbar Great
Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar was greatest Mughal ruler India.

New Delhi
New Delhi is capital city modern Republic India.

Edmund Hillary
Sir Edmund Percival Hillary,  was a Newd mountaineer explorer.

Wright brothers
The Wright brothers, Orville Wright  Wilbur Wright , aretimes controlled, powered, heavier-than-air flight on December 17, 1903.

Charles Darwin
Charles Robert Darwin  was an naturalist.

Adam Smith
Adam Smith  was a economist, who is regarded as Father Economics.

Isaac Newton
Sir Isaac Newton  was an physicist mathematician.

Johanng von Goethe
Johanng von Goethe   was greatest all writers.

Pythagoras
Pythagoras  was a Greek mathematician philosopher, known fororem, which is aorem about right triangles.

Socrates
Socrates  was an important Greek philosopher teacher.

Dante Alighieri
Dante Alighieri, simply Dante , was an poet from Florence.

Virginia Woolf
Virginia Woolf  was an writer.

March 28
March 28 is day year in calendar .

Jane Austen
Jane Austen  was an author began writing when she was 14 years old.

Charlotte Brontë
Charlotte Brontë was born on April 21, 1816 in Thornton,ire,d.

Emily Brontë
Emily Brontë  was a author poet.

Anne Brontë
Anne Brontë  was an writer poet.

Charles Dickens
Charles Dickens was born on February 7, 1812 in Portsmouth,d.

Portsmouth
Portsmouth is a city in southd, in countyire.

HMS Victory
HMS Victory is oldest ship still in use.

HMS Warrior
HMS Warrior was battleship which was made with a hull made iron.

Mary Rose
The Mary Rose was a ship which VIIId wasd after his sister Princess Mary.

Mutiny on Bounty
The Mutiny on Bounty has become a famous story, leading to many books, movies, songs.

Political virtues
take step,n see its results before taking another making friends with people you have argued with giving up things you want to get things that are important to you people want to have a number choices that are different from each other meet needs changing times He seesse virtues as a way avoiding ideology "absolute-sounding ethic".

Lady Jane Grey
Lady Jane Grey was born in October 12, 1537 at her family home Bradgate Park,ire,d.

Tower London
The Tower London is an ancient stone fortress in London,d.

Anne Boleyn
Anne Boleyn  was queen consort Henry VIIId mother Elizabeth Id.

Mona Lisa
The Mona Lisa  is an earlyteenth century portrait by Leonardo da Vinci.

Britney Spears
Britney Spears , is an Pop singer.

The Matrix
"The Matrix" is a science fiction action movie that was made in 1999.

September 11 attacks
The September 11, 2001 attacks,ened as nine-eleven, 9/11 "9-11",re four attacks by terrorists that happened on same day.

Cardiff
Cardiff is capital city Wales, in Great Britain.

Valladolid
is a city in Spain, with a population 316,564, is capital Castile Leon, historical capitals Kingdom.

Elizabeth Gaskell
Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell  was an writer.

Venice
Venice is a city in Italy.

Naples
Naples is a southern city with a port.

Florence
Florence  is capital city regiony , in Italy.

Milan
Milan ) is a city in northern Italy.

Glamorgan
Glamorgan, also known asire  is a county in Wales.

Cornwall
Cornwall  is a countyd in UK.

Tintagel Castle
Tintagel Castle is in Cornwall, a county ind.

Gwyneth Paltrow
Gwyneth Kate Paltrow (b.

Sarah Michelle Gellar
Sarah Michelle Gellar  is an actress.

Jennifer Garner
Jennifer Anne Garner  is a Golden Globe Award- SAG Award-winning Emmy Award-nominated movie television actress, producer.

Heather Graham
Heather Graham  is an actress.

Christina Ricci
Christina Ricci (b.

Julia Roberts
Julia Roberts  is an actress.

Angelina Jolie
Angelina Jolie  is an award-winning actor.

Lisa Kudrow
Lisa Mariee Kudrow  is an actress.

Grace Kelly
Grace Kelly  is an actress.

Elizabeth Taylor
Elizabeth Taylor  is an actress.

Hilaryk
Hilaryk  is an Academy Golden Globe Award-winning actress.

Nana Visitor
Nana Visitor  is an actress.

Alexander Siddig
Alexander Siddig  is a actor.

Eiffel Tower
The Eiffel Tower  is a famous landmark in Paris.

Louvre
The Louvre is a museum in Paris, which attracts millions visitors every year because its art collection.

Venus de Milo
The Venus de Milo is a ancient Greek statue.

Aphrodite
Aphrodite  is goddess love beauty in Greek mythology, Twelves.

Venus (mythology)
Venus is goddess love beauty.

Jupiter (mythology)
Jupiter is king gods in mythology.

Minerva
Minerva was goddess crafts wisdom.

Athena
Athena is Greek goddess wisdom, strategy, war.

Salt Lake City, Utah
Salt Lake City is a city in United States America.

Nagano
Nagano  is a city in capitalo prefecture .

Barcelona
Barcelona is a city in Spain.

Denise Lewis
Denise Lewis  is an athlete from United Kingdom.

Michael Johnson
His 200 meter world record was beaten By Usain Bolt atBeijing 2008 Olympics.

Vikings
The Vikingsre people who came fromdinavia  around 800AD-1100AD who travelled great distances inir longboats, as both traders, settlers warriors.

Bronze Age
The Bronze Age is prehistoric time period when people made tools from a metal called bronze.

Louis XIVce
Louis XIV   was Kingce King Navarre from 14 May 1643 until his death.

Olympic Games
The Olympic Games is a sporting event that takes place in a different city every four years.

Iron Age
The Iron Age was a time in history after people began to use iron tools.

Entertainment
Entertainment is, for example, an activity a sport game that excites people keepsir attention.

Open Site
Open Site is a free internet encyclopedia created by many editors.

Coca-Cola
Coca-Cola, also known as Coke, is a carbonated, sweetened soft drink that is sold in countries, is world's-selling soft drink.

Sulfur
Sulfur  is a chemical element.

Aluminium
Aluminium  is a chemical element.

Drawing
Drawing is a way making a picture.

Texas
Texas is state in United States.

Prussia
In 1934 Nazis stopped using Prussia as a land unit in 1947 Allies abolished state Prussia, divided its territory among new "Länder".

Apocrypha
The Apocrypha are religious texts that are in versions Bible.

Understanding
Understanding means to realize people mean wheny do saything.

Sodium
Sodium  is chemical element number 11 in periodic table elements.

Dice
Dice are objects used in games whenthing random needs to be done, such as moving a piece a random number places on a board.

Matrix (mathematics)
In mathematics, a matrix  is a rectangular table numbers.

British Isles
The Isles are a group islands in north-western Europe.

Mandarin language
Mandarin is language North China.

Algeria
Algeria is a country in North Africa.

Plymouth
"This article is about Plymouth,d.

Georgeington
Georgeington  was President United States from 1789 to 1797.

Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln  was President United States between 1861 to 1865.

Calvin Coolidge
John Calvin Coolidge  was President United States between 1923 to 1929.

Harry S.
Harry S.

John Adams
John Adams  was President United States , father President, John Quincy Adams.

Bill Clinton
William Jefferson Clinton , better known as Bill Clinton, was president United States.

Reward punishment
Reward punishment is idea that people perform better whenfered rewards, when threatened with punishment.

Yield
The yield a financial instrument, usually a debt other fixed income instrument, is amount holder  is paid each year for leaving his her money invested in that instrument.

Moral purchasing
Moral purchasing is when a person uses moral reasoning to decide to buy.

Social network
A social network is a set social actors (e.g.

Cabal
A cabal is a group people who try to control things in a secret way.

Creating
Creating is making new things that have not existed before, usually by combining two three things that existed.

Human science
Human science is science humans: makesm different from animals,ir limits, which tend to be same as other animals.

Flaying
Flaying is a torture, mutiliation, execution.

Rice
Rice is a type food.

Yoga
"For other uses, see Yogi " Yoga is an old discipline from India.

Human developmentory
Even though economics is all about choice on basis is available rather than should be available, overwhelming question relates to who decides how resources should be distributed how economics can embrace a trade-off between different groups which each seek to maximizeir allocation resources.

Cattle
Cattle are animals which are mammals belong to genus "Bos".

Friend
A friend is a person thatones knows.

Quick
Ifthing is called quick, that means it moves at a very fast speed does not take much time to finish.

Thunder
Thunder is a very loud sound that is madetimes during a very rain storm.

1
1  is a common year calendar.

2
The year 2 was a year that started on Sunday, according to calendar.

3
__NOTOC__ .

4
4 is a year in century.

5
5  is a common year calendar.

6
6 is a year in century.

7
7 is a year in century.

8
8 is a year in century.

9
9 is a year in century.

10
10 is a year in century.

11
11 is a year in century.

12
12 is a year in century.

13
13 is a year in century.

30
30 is a year in century.

40
40 is a year in century.

50
50  is a common year calendar.

Three
The number three is more than 2 than four.

Ten
Ten is number that is after nine before eleven.

Hundred
100   is number after 99 before 101.

Man
A man is a male human adult .

Woman
A woman is a female human adult.

Position
Position is a way to explain wherething is.

Arundel Castle
Arundel Castle is a castle in West Sussex,d.

Religious Society Friends
The Religious Society Friends is a group religious people, who have joined together becausey have similar beliefs.

Size
The sizething is how much space thing takes.

Opposite
Opposite means that thing is completely different from another.

Direction
Direction follows an imaginary line connecting two points.

Starvation
Starvation is when a person animal has not eaten food for such a time thaty are unable to do things in a normal way.

Microsoft Word
Microsoft Word  is a graphical word processing program that users can type with.

Ant
An ant is a species insect that lives under ground in verye groups.

Scissors
Knives are better than scissors for uses.

Indigo
Indigo is a dye made from Indigo plant, cloth.

Violet
Violet is color rainbow--it is color on inner edge rainbow.

Malcolm IVd
Malcolm IVd (c.

David Id
David Id (b.

Saint Margaretd
Saint Margaretd (c.

Alexander Id
Alexander Id (c.

Henry Id
Henry Id (c.

William Id
William Id (c.

Matildaders
Matildaders (c.

Robert IIce
Robert IIce  was born ins,ce.

Adelaide Aquitaine
Adelaide Aquitaine  was Queen Hugh Capet daughter William III Aquitaine.

William III Aquitaine
William III Aquitaine (c.

Saint Denis Basilica
Saint Denis Basilica is a famous for its architecture as burial place for many Kingsce.

Gothic architecture
Gothic architecture is a style architecture which was built in Europe in Middle Ages.

Cathedral
A cathedral is ae church.

Patron saint
A patron saint isone who has devotedir whole life tothing greater thanmselves.

Saint David
Saint David (c.

Saint George
Saint George (c.

Saint Andrew
Saint Andrew is twelve apostles Jesus patron saintd.

Saint Patrick
Saint Patrick (c.

491
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 440s 450s 460s 470s 480s - 490s - 500s 510s 520s 530s 540s Years: 486 487 488 489 490 - 491 - 492 493 494 495 496 .

March 17
March 17 is day year in calendar .

402
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 350s 360s 370s 380s 390s - 400s - 410s 420s 430s 440s 450s Years: 397 398 399 400 401 - 402 - 403 404 405 406 407 .

Somerset
Somerset is a county in South Westd.

Glastonbury
Glastonbury is a town in Somerset,d.

Glastonbury Abbey
Glastonbury Abbey is in Glastonbury, Somerset,d.

Somerton
Somerton is a town in Somerset.

Yeovil, Somerset
Yeovil is a town in county Somerset.

Bridgwater
Bridgwater is a town in county Somerset.

Street
A street is a piece land, made flat prepared in another way, so that people can travel on it better.

Taunton
Taunton is a town in county Somerset.

Shepton Mallet
Shepton Mallet is a town in county Somerset,d.

Bath, Somerset
Bath is a city in county Somerset ind.

Wells
Wells is a city in county Somerset.

East Coker, Somerset
East Coker is a village in Somerset.

Tatworth
Tatworth is a village near Chard in South Somerset District Somerset,d.

Chard (Somerset)
Chard is a town in Somerset.

Crewkerne
Crewkerne is a town in Somerset,d where about 6,700 people live.

Stoford, Somerset
Stoford is a village in county Somerset,d.

River Tone
The River Tone is a river in county Somerset.

River Yeo
The River Yeo is in county Somerset.

River Adur
The River Adur is a river in county Sussex, ind.

River Aire
The River Aire is a river in county Westire.

River Aln
The River Aln is a river in countyd.

River Alt
The River Alt is a river in county Merseyside ind just north Liverpool.

River Yare
The River Yare is a river in county Norfolk,d.

River Exe
The River Exe is a river in county Devon ind.

Ilminster, Somerset
Ilminster is a town in county Somerset.

South Cadbury
South Cadbury is an archaeological site in south Somerset.

Watchet
Watchet is a harbor town in county Somerset ind.

Burnham-on-Sea
Burnham-on-Sea is a town in county Somerset ind.

Cheddar
Cheddar is a type hard cheese made from cow's milk.

Yatton
Yatton is ae village with 9,000 people in county Somerset ind.

Backwell
Backwell is a village in county Avon, in North Somerset.

Clevedon
Clevedon is a town in county Somerset, ind.

Weston-super-Mare
Weston-super-Mare is a sea-side town in county North Somerset.

South Somerset
South Somerset is a district in county Somerset.

Scone
A scone is a baked bread.

Ankara
Ankara is capital city country Turkey.

Johannes Gutenberg
Johannes Gensfleisch zur Laden zum Gutenberg  , was a metal-worker inventor.

Elizabeth Id
Elizabeth Id  was Queend from November 17, 1558 until she died in 1603.

Catechett
Catechett  is an actor.

Kylie Minogue
Kylie Ann Minogue  is a singer actress.

Natalie Imbruglia
Natalie Imbruglia  is an actress singer-songwriter.

Nicole
Nicole Mary (b.

Hugh
Hugh (b.

Mel Gibson
Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson  is an actor.

Natalie
Natalielag  is an actor.

Alyson
Alyson is an actress.

Jessica Alba
Jessica Marie Alba  is an actress.

Brad Pitt
Brad Pitt  is an actor.

Jennifer Aniston
Jennifer Aniston  is an actress.

Jennifer Love Hewitt
Jennifer Love Hewitt  is an actress singer.

Katie Holmes
Katie Holmes (b.

Sigourney Weaver
Sigourney Weaver  is an actress.

Audrey Hepburn
Audrey Hepburn  was an actress, from Belgium.

Katharine Hepburn
Katharine Houghton Hepburn  was an actress.

C. K. Ogden
Charles Kay Ogden  was a word language learner a writer.

God Save Queen
God Save Queen is a song, national anthem United Kingdom.

Lion
The lion  is ae mammal "Felidae" family.

Galatasaray
Galatasaray is a sports club inbul, Turkey.

B
B is  letter in alphabet.

C
C is  letter in alphabet.

D
D is  letter in alphabet.

E
E is  letter in alphabet.

F
F is  letter in alphabet.

G
G is  letter in alphabet.

H
H is  letter in alphabet.

I
I is ninth  letter in alphabet.

J
J is  letter in alphabet.

K
K is  letter in alphabet.

L
L is  letter in alphabet.

M
M is thirteenth  letter in alphabet.

N
N is fourteenth  letter in alphabet.

O
O is fifteenth  letter in alphabet.

P
P is sixteenth  letter in alphabet.

Q
Q is seventeenth  letter in alphabet.

R
R is eighteenth  letter in alphabet.

S
S is nineteenth  letter in alphabet.

T
T is twentieth  letter in alphabet.

U
U  is twenty-first  letter in alphabet.

V
V is twenty-second  letter in alphabet.

W
W is twenty-third  letter in alphabet.

X
X is twenty-fourth  letter in alphabet.

Y
Y is twenty-fifth  letter in alphabet.

Z
Z is twenty-sixth  last letter in alphabet.

Virus
A virus is a microorganism.

Microprocessor
A microprocessor is an electronic component that is used by a computer to do its work.

Heat
Heat is a energy.

Shogun
In feudal, Shogun ruled country, does not have power over emperor.

Bratislava
Bratislava is capital city Slovakia.

Wellington
Wellington is capital Newd.

Biochemistry
Biochemistry is study chemical reactions involved with living beings.

Sadness
Sadness is an emotion.

Microeconomics
Microeconomics is science how people make decisions at scale.

Cryptography
Cryptography  is practice study hiding information; science to keep a information secret safe.

Tuesday
Tuesday is dayek between Monday Wednesday.

Wednesday
In countries, United States America, Wednesday is dayek.

Thursday
According to ISO 8601, Thursday is either dayek.

Friday
In countries, United States America, Friday is dayek.

Saturday
In countries, United States America, Saturday is dayek.

Laos
Lao People's Democratic Republic, Laos for, is a country situated in southeast Asia.

Yes
Yes is an word that shows acceptance agreement, making a positive response exclamation.

Amaterasu
Amaterasu , Amaterasu-ōmikami  Ōhiru-menomuchi-no-kami , in mythology, is Sun Goddess, sacred all Shinto deities .

Organism
Anganism is a living thing.

Kinetic energy
Kinetic energy is energy which things have becausey are moving.

Potential energy
Potential energy is a stored energy.

Ship
A ship is ae vehicle on water.

Boat
A boat is a vehicle on water.

Navy
The navy is a country's military that fights on water using boats.

Air force
An air force is country's air arm military that fights in air.

Adware
Adware is an advertising computer program that can be installed by other people onone's computer,times withoutir permission.

Gender
Gender is a commonly used word for a person's sex .

Dutch language
Dutch is language spoken inds.

Creative Commons licenses
The Creative Commons licenses relates to copyright licenses released on December 16, 2002.

Marshallds
The Republicallds  is a island nation instern Pacific.

Alphabet
An alphabet is a writing system, a list symbols for writing.

County
A county is for a piece land.

New York University
New York University, also known as NYU, is a university in New York City.

Bee
Bees are flying insects in ant/bee/waspder Hymenoptera.

Dragonfly
A dragonfly is a insect.

Wind
Wind is moving air.

Vertebrate
A vertebrate is an animal with a spinal cord "spine"  inside its body.

Alpha male
An alpha male is top-ranking animal in a social group.

Street (town)
Street is a town in county Somerset,d.

Singapore
The Republic Singapore Singapore is a country in continent Asia at southern end Malay peninsula.

Johannesburg
Johannesburg is a city in South Africa.

Breakfast
Breakfast is meal day.

Fast
A fast to fast is whenone stops eating for a long time.

Town
A town is usually a place with a lot houses, but not a city.

Condensed matter physics
Condensed matter physics is a branch physics which talks about matter that has its molecules packed together very closely.

Bag
A bag is a container.

Julius Caesar
Gaius Julius Caesar  was a military leader politician Republic in very early times.

Sapporo
Sapporo is capital city Hokkaido,.

Hokkaido
Hokkaido is northernmost prefecture in.

Hinduism
Hinduism  is thought to be oldest major world religion that is still practiced today.

List elements by symbol
This is a list elements by symbol.

Hernán Cortés
Hernán Cortés  was an explorer conqueror from Spain.

Bible study
Bible study is intensive reading occupation Bible.

Medlar
The medlar is a tree fruit this tree.

Atheism
Atheism is belief thatre is no deity .

Hippocrates
Hippocrates was a Greek doctor.

Incommensurability
Incommensurability is idea that it is possible to see world in multiple ways, thatre is not a fair method to see which way is right.

Harvest
Harvest means to collect has been planted grown in ground.

ELISPOT
ELISPOT stands for "Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Spot Assay." This is a laboratory technique for detecting biological cells that generate  various substances.

List biochemistry topics
This is a list all Wikipedia articles.

Aztec
The Aztec Empire lasted from to century.

Billion
The word "'billion", its matching words in other languages, can mean two different numbers.

Richard Nixon
Richard Milhous Nixon  was President United States only president to resign.

Gerald Ford
Gerald Rudolph Ford  was President United States.

John Kerry
John Forbes Kerry  is a Senator from Massachusetts Democratic nominee for President in 2004.

White blood cell
The object White blood cells are to stop a person from getting sick.

Lymphocyte
Lymphocytes are a type white blood cell .

Author
An author is a person who writes a book, story, poem, other written work.

Pedipalp
Pedipalps are two "feelers" on a spider's face.

Ionic compound
In chemistry, an ionic compound is a compound made ions.

ELISA
The ELISA method  is a technique used in biochemistry to determine if a certain substance--such as a specific cytokine antigen--is present within a sample.

David Hume
David Hume  was a philosopher historian fromd.

Bath
A bath  bathtub  is a thing people sit in when washing, to wash allir body; bath is normally in bathroom.

Brush
A brush can be a lot different things.

Starch
Starch is a complicated carbohydrate.

Thomas Hobbes
Thomas Hobbes  was a philosopher fromd.

Trevi
Trevi , an old town comune Italy, in province Perugia in east central Umbria, 42°53N 12°45E, at 424 meters  above sea-level on lower Mt.

Logo
A logo is a picture drawing that is used by a person, group, company to mark whoy are.

Picture
A picture is a group colored points on a flat surface that looks same asthing else.

Building
Building may be a noun a verb.

Candle
A candle is a stick made wax with a string  straight in middle.

Salamander
Salamanders are amphibians.

Newt
Newts are animals, a salamander.

Poison
Poisons  are things that can make people sick die.

Powder
Powder is very, dry pieces grains.

Larva
A larva is a baby certains animals.

Amphibian
Amphibians are a group vertebrate animals.

Father
A father  is a male parentone..

Gill
Gills are fish, amphibians, other animals use to breathe in water.

Frog
A frog is a amphibian animal.

Chemical compound
A chemical compound is a chemical made by joining together atoms different chemical elements.

Wood
Wood is main substance in trees.

Chalk
Chalk is a type limestone.

Utilitarianism
Utilitarianism is aory in philosophy about right wrong.

Village
A village is a place where people live, normally in countryside.

Chelmsford
Chelmsford is a town in county Essex,d.

Gangnihessou
Gangnihessou was twelve kings Dahomey in Africa.

Tomorrow
Tomorrow is day that comes after today .

Contract bridge
The word bridge is also game.

No
No is a term that means anone is denying turning awaything.

Old language
The Old language was spoken ind from 450 to 1100.

Leon Trotsky
  = November 7 , 1879 - August 21, 1940) was public Leib Lev Davidovich Bronstein.

Secondational
The Secondational  was anganization created in 1889 by socialist labouries who together for international socialism.

Devon
Devon is a countyd.

Roman alphabet
The alphabet is alphabet modern-day languages.

Insectivore
An insectivore is an animal insect that eatsly insects for food.

Copy
camera, computer printer, etc.

Vapor
Vapor  is a mass drops liquid which fly in air, for example because liquid has been heated.

Vehicle
A vehicle is a transport to move persons from place to another.

Line dancing
Line dancing is a dance that uses  country music to dance to in lines .

Three Kingdoms Korea
The Three Kingdoms Koreare Goguryeo, Baekje Silla.

Eckernförde
Eckernförde  is a city in Schleswig-Holstein, Kreis Rendsburgförde at Baltic Sea near Kiel.

Archdukezd Austria
Franzd Karl Ludwig Josef von Habsburg-Lothringen, Archdukezd Austria-Este   was an Archduke Austria, from 1896 until his death, heir presumptive to Austro emperor.

Black Hand
Black Hand Crna Ruka,ficially Ujedinjenje ili Smrt  was a secret group nationalists .

Edmonton, Alberta
Edmonton is capital city Alberta.

Autarky
Autarky is an economy that does no trade withside world.

Bonsai
Bonsai is art growing trees plants, which are kept.

Chastity belt
A chastity belt is a device, locked aroundarer's genitals, sexual intercourse.

Mount Arafat
Arafat is a hill in Saudi Arabia which holds special religious importance for Muslims.

Ariel Sharon
Ariel Sharon  a Prime Minister state Israel.

Jameson
Jameson is a famous brand whiskey.

Syria
Syria is a country in Middle East,st Asia.

Psychology
Psychology is science human behavior, thought, feeling.

Louisiana
Louisiana is state United States America.

Synonym
A synonym is a word that has same  meaning as another word.

Yosa Buson
Yosa Buson , was a Haiku poet painter, usually as "Buson".

Chopstick
Chopsticks are sticks that are used in countries to carry food from plate bowl to eater's mouth.

Telephone
A telephone is an electric tool.

Checkers
Checkers is several different board games.

Kobe
Kobe  is capital Hyogo prefecture an important port city in Kansai district.

Oradea
Oradea  is capital city Bihor County, in Crişana,ia.

Henry Ford
Henry Ford  was a engineer businessman.

George Orwell
George Orwell  was an writer.

Genghis
Genghis (c.

Joseph Stalin
, born Джугашвили ,:; (December 18 [O.S.

Antigua Barbuda
Antigua Barbuda is an island nation located in eastern Sea on boundary withtic.

San Marino
San Marino is countries in world.

Philippe's
Philippe's is a sit-down restaurant in downtown Los Angeles, California, U.S.A..

Orbit
Anbit is path - route - that a planet another thing makes when it goes around another planet, a star, a moon.

Funeral
Funeral is anficial ceremony buryingone who has died.

Georgian Uprising Texel
The Uprising Texel  was an insurrection  by Soviet soldiers on island Texel.

Neutrino
A neutrino is a type elementaryicle studied by physicists.

Play
A play is a piece writing  which see at aatre on television, hear on radio.

Phrasal verb
Phrasal verb is given to an verb which is composed two three words.

Season
A season is a year.

Carisbrooke Castle
Carisbrooke Castle is Isle Wight's only remaining medieval castle.

Atlantis
Atlantis is a for ae island continent that might have been intic a long time ago, but sank into sea disappeared.

Comparative
Adjectives Adverbs can be comparative in other languages.

Asbestos
Asbestos is a natural mineral.

Syllable
A syllable is  sound set people can make wheny speak.

Umbrella
An umbrella is a hand tool that is rain from falling on a person.

Usenet
Netnews is a online service that shares articles between a group computers over a network.

Diagonal
Diagonal is a straight line.

Kwashiorkor
Kwashiorkor is a type protein energy malnutrition.

Popocatépetl
Popocatépetl  is an active volcano highest mountain in Mexico after Pico de Orizaba .

North Sea
The North Sea is a sea in northern Europe.

Letter
There is a paperat called "Letter" "US Letter".

Napoleon Bonaparte
Napoleon Bonaparte   was a general Emperorce.

Annek
Annek  was a girl who wrote a diary while she her family hid from Nazis.

Jan Peter Balkenende
Jan Peter Balkenende  is a Dutch politician.

Tolerance
Tolerance is not punishing people who do things you actually do not.

William Silent
William Ige-Nassau,  was an important leader Dutch rebellion against in Eighty Years' War.

Simón Bolívar
Simón Bolívar  was a military commander.

Pythagoreanorem
In mathematics,orem Pythagoras'orem is a statement about sides a right triangle.

Temperature
Temperature is how hot cold a thing is.

Tux
Tux is a mascot Linux operating system; a cartoon penguin made by Larry Ewing in 1996.

Mein Kampf
Mein Kampf  was a book written by Adolf Hitler Rudolf Heß.

Computer graphics
Computer graphics are visual representations data displayed on a monitor made on a computer.

F.C. Munich
FC Munich, also known as München, is all-known football club.

Marine
The Sea.

Cape Good Hope
The Cape Good Hope is a place near far south end Africa.

Hand washing
Hand washing is process cleaning hands with water soap other special chemical liquid, to takef dirt, germs, poisons.

Franklin D. Roosevelt
Franklino Roosevelt  was aor New York President United States.

Venezuela
Venezuela is a country in northern South America.

Saudi Arabia
The Kingdom Saudi Arabia  is an Muslim country in Middle East.

Colombia
Colombia is a country South America.

Abel
Abel Janszoon  was a Dutch sea explorer.

Hard science
Hard science is science that uses mathematics experiments to get knowledge.

Artificial intelligence
Artificial intelligence  is study mental processes through use computational models.

Programmer
A programmer is a person who makes computer programs using a programming language.

Programming language
A programming language is language that a programmer uses to write a computer program.

Visual Basic
Visual Basic is a programming language developed by Microsoft forir operating system Windows.

Booting
Booting is happens when a computer starts up.

Tea
Tea is a hot cold drink that is popular in United Kingdom United States.

Interlingua
Interlingua is a planned language using words that are found in West languages.

World
World usually means a planet.

Azerbaijan
Azerbaijan , Republic, is a country located in South Caucasus region Eurasia.

Actor
An actor is a person who acts, has a role  in a movie, television show, play, radio show.

Iron
Iron  is common metal on Earth.

Al-Khwarizmi
Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi   was a mathematician who lived in Baghdad around year 830.

Ptolemy
Ptolemy is for Claudius Ptolemaeus.

Lists
This is a list famouss.

Moctezuma II
Moctezuma II, also known as Motecuhzoma Xocoyotzin ten called Montezuma in, was Aztec emperor  from 1502 to 1520.

Antonio López de Santa Anna
Antonio López de Santa Anna Pérez de Lebrón  was a general dictator.

Granzyme
Granzymes are enzymes contained within cytotoxic T cells natural killer cells.

Apartheid
Apartheid is ans word meaning "separation" "being apart".

Dreyfus Affair
The Dreyfus Affair was scandals in historyce.

Baseball
Baseball is a very popular sport in USA played by two teams that each have 9 players.

Antonym
An antonym is a word that has opposite meaning as another word.

Names God in Judaism
In Judaism, God  is known by manys.

Football Leagueip
The Football Leagueip is new First Division.

Birmingham
Birmingham is a city metropolitan district in Westds,d.

Richmond, Virginia
Richmond is capital city state Virginia, in United States America.

American Civil War
The Civil War was a war fought from 1861 to 1865 between northern southern states United States America.

Tutankhamun
Tutankhamun  was a Pharaoh  Ancient Egypt from about 1334 BC to 1323 BC.

Independence
The word independence means "not having to depend on anyone anything else".

Anubis
Anubis is Greek for ancient god in mythology who looks a man with head a jackal.

Atum
Atum was creator everything in ancient mythology.

Antisemitism
Anti-Semitism is hating prejudice against Jews.

Esteban Huertas
Esteban Huertas  was a military leader from Panama.

Panama
Panama is a country in Central America.

Spanish language
The language is commonce languages that came from Latin language.

Nahuatl language
The Nahuatl language is a language spoken by 1.5 million people in Mexico.

Stephen Hawking
Stephen William Hawking, CH CBE FRS  is anoretical physicist mathematician.

Czech Republic
Czech Republic  Formerly Czechoslovakia is a country in central Europe, also known as Bohemia.

Flag
A flag is a piece coloured cloth with a special design that is put on a pole as a symbol.

Karaite Judaism
Karaite Judaism is a Judaism that accepts only Bible as authoritative, rejectsnah Talmud, which are explanations Bible by rabbis in few centuries Common Era.

Warship
A warship is a ship carryingapons, which is used by navy.

Coast guard
A Coast Guard is a military semi-militaryganization, similar to Navy, but its main duties are protection a country's sea territories from terrorism crimes, to rescue ships boats in danger.

Equilibrium market price
An equilibrium market price is price at whichre is no tendency for it to change.

E Pluribus Unum
The Latin motto "E pluribus unum" was suggested by Great Seal committee in 1776.

Samba
Samba is a music, dancing, singing.

Nuclearapon
A nuclearapon is aapon that uses energy produced by nuclear fission nuclear fusion.

Chojnów
Chojnów is city ind.

Comics
Comics is for "comic strips", usually a section in a newspaper.

Diamond
Diamonds are very rare gemstones.

Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is a holiday in USA when people give thanks.

Nobel Prize
Every year, prizes called Nobel Prizes are given to people who have done veryll in different areas.

Graph
A graph is a picture words.

Collision detection
Collision detection is a program made into computers to make it able to detect things which may knock into it.

Berkeley Software Distribution
Berkeley Software Distribution  is a UNIX operating system that is since 1989.

Jacques Cartier
Jacques Cartier was a French trader explorer.

Vasco da Gama
Vasco da Gama  was a sailor.

Kayseri
Kayseri is a city in center Turkey.

Lava plateau
One example a lava plateau is Columbia Plateau inington, Oregon, Idaho in United States.

Iodised salt
Iodised salt  is table salt mixed with tiny amounts iodine is disease thyroid gland.

College
College is a school, a place where people go to learn skills for future jobs.

Battery
A battery is a device that can store electricity.

Knife
A knife is a metal tool with a sharpened metal blade that is alls things.

Nyngan, New South Wales
Nyngan is a town 160 kilometres north West, 190 kilometres South east Bourke in Central West Plains New South Wales in Australia.

Photographic film
Photographic film is a sheet plastic pictures.

Compass
Pointing Direction.

Ferdinand
Ferdinand ;: Fernão de Magalhães;:do dees) was a sea explorer, who later also.

Henry Navigator
Prince Henry Navigator  was a prince from Portugal.

Concrete
Concrete is a very material for making alls buildings structures.

Marathon
A marathon is a long distance running event where an athlete must run 26 miles 385 yards.

Holy Empire
The Holy Empire  was a collection regions free cities which all came under rule an emperor who was elected by princes magistrates regions cities which comprised it, that existed in central Europe.

Friesland
Friesland  is a province in northds The capitald is Leeuwarden .

Groningen (province)
Groningen is a province in Northeastds.

Burgundy
Burgundy  is a historic region in easternce.

Duke
Someone who is a duke is nobility.

Latin language
Latin is an old language that was spoken bys.

Middle Ages
The Middle Ages are a time period in history.

Louis Bonaparte
Louis Bonaparte  , was a brother Napoleon Bonaparte, who made him King Kingdomd in 1806 deposed him as King in 1810.

Michiel de Ruyter
Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter  was a famous Dutch admiral.

Johan Rudolf Thorbecke
Johan Rudolf Thorbecke  was an important Dutch politician.

Karel
Karel Willem Frederik Marie  was a Dutch admiral  during World War II.

The Stargled Banner
"The Stargled Banner" isficial national anthem United States.

Abdou Diouf
Abdou Diouf  was president Senegal from 1981 to 2000.

Needle
A needle is a tool pull a thread through a hole.

Province
A province is a subdivision a country.

Jade
A Jade is a stone.

Viktorchenko
Viktor Andriyovychchenko   is President Ukraine.

Viktor Yanukovych
Viktor Fedorovych Yanukovych  , was Prime Minister Ukraine from November 2002 until December 2004  on 31 December 2004).

Salt
In chemistry, a salt is any neutral chemical compound made cations  bound to anions .

Business
A business is a methodganizing work, where more peoplefer to sells services to other people, for more money than it costsm to make give it.

Winter
Winter is coldest time year.

Junta
A junta is a word that is dictatorships.

Nezahualcoyotl
Nezahualcoyotl  was king Texcoco, a Aztec empire.

Miguel Hidalgo
Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla  was a priest.

Death penalty
Death penalty, also called capital punishment is when a government state executes one, usually because he she has done a serious crime.

Kofi
Kofi  was Secretary-General United Nations.

United Nations General Assembly
The United Nations General Assembly is made up all United Nations member states.

Mining
Mining is process taking things from ground.

Bomber
A bomber is a type airplane that is ground targets, mainly by dropping bombs.

Huntingdon Life Sciences
Huntingdon Life Sciences  are animal testing company in Europe.

Huntingdon
Huntingdon is a town inire in United Kingdom.

Condom
A condom is a device, normally made latex, that covers a man's penis during sexual intercourse.

Osaka
Osaka  is city.

Piano
The piano is a type musical instrument.

Channelds
The main industries are tourism, horticulture  financial services .

Hedonism
Hedonism is a type philosophy.

Shinkansen
The "Shinkansen"  is a group high speed railway lines in, upon which famous "Bullet Trains" run.

Copper
Copper is a chemical element.

Prince
A prince is a male member a royal family.

Princess
A princess is a female member a royal family, especially a daughter a monarch.

Ore
Ane is a mineral which has metal inside it.

Gainesville, Florida
Gainesville is a city located in north-central Florida in United States.

University Florida
The University Florida  is a public university that is in Gainesville, Florida in United States.

X-Men
The fictional characters, X-Men, are a team superheroes whore born with special mutant powers, makingm different from regular humans.

Iron Man
Iron Man is a superhero created by Marvel Comics.

Andris Piebalgs
Andris Piebalgs  is a politician.

Augusto Pinochet
General Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte  was leader military government that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990.

Plasma (physics)
Plasma is a matter where atoms are broken into pieces.

Puebla (state)
Puebla is a state Mexico.

Dan Aykroyd
Daniel Edward Aykroyd  is a actor inater motion pictures.

Johni
Johni  was a actor in movies televion shows.

The Blues Brothers
The Blues Brothers  are fictional characters which becamell known from TV show "Saturday Night Live".

Arnhem
Arnhem is a city inds.

KNIL
KNIL is abbreviation for a Dutch army.

Bronbeek
Bronbeek is a Royal palace in Arnhem,ds.

David Bowie
David Bowie was born on January 8, 1947.

Benito Mussolini
Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini  ruled Italy as a dictator from 1922 to 1943.

Puppet state
A Puppet state is a country that isficially independent, but is not really.

Banana republic
Banana republic is a pejorative for a country which has an unstable government high corruption.

Kingdomd
The Kingdomd was a country that existed from 1806 to 1810.

Vittoriouele III
Vittoriouele III  was king Italy from 1900 to 1946.

Alter ego
An alter ego  is another self — a personality within a person.

Ziggy Stardust
Ziggy Stardust is a fictional character.

The Spiders From Mars
The Spiders From Mars was a Rock band from 1970 to 1973.

Michael Schumacher
Michael Schumacher  is a Formula 1 driver.

Yokohama
Yokohama  is city in.

Axis countries
Axis countries Axis Powers ares for countries that fought together during World War II.

Icelandic language
Icelandic is language spoken by peopled.

Passu
Passu is a village by Khunjerab River in Areas.It lies at an altitude 2500m.

Equator
The equator is a line which is not real drawn around a planet, such as our Earth.

Rocket
A rocket is a vehicle, missile aircraft - manned (e.g.

Advisor
Advisors are people who give advice.

Rendsburg
Rendsburg  is a town in Schleswig-Holstein with 30,000 people.

Jacques Chirac
Jacques René Chirac  was President French Republic from 1995 until 2007.

Mario Jeckle
Mario Jeckle  was a computer scientist.

Eighty Years' War
The Eighty Years' War, also called Dutch Revolt, was a war between modernds Spain.

Exponent
An exponent is number times another number is multiplied by itself in exponentiation.

Moresnet
Moresnet Neutral Moresnet  was a very territory that existed from 1816 to 1919.

MacGyver
MacGyver, a reference toone who is able to perform amazing feats with use very fewten irrelevant objects.

December 22
December 22 is day year  in Calendar.

Quark
Quarks are than atomicles that, for example, make up neutrons protons.

Northern Hemisphere
The Hemisphere is Earth that is north equator.

Messiah
Messiah Anointed One is figure promised by God to Jews for salvation world.

César Chávez
César Estrada Chávez  was leader a labor union.

Hamilton, Ontario
Hamilton is a city in province Ontario.

Shape
Shapes are geometric figures.

Quechua
Quechua,times written Quichua Ketchua, is a language spoken by people in South nations Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Argentina, Colombia, Chile.

Pen
A pen is a tool drawing.

Leet
Leet, also called 1337, l33t, Leetspeak, 13375|>34|< is a language which replaces Latin alphabet with numbers ASCII printable symbols.

Waterfall
A waterfall is wherere is a sharp fall water found on a river stream.

Garden
A Garden is usually a piece land that is flowers, trees, shrubs, other plants.

Great Zimbabwe
Great Zimbabwe is an important place in Africa.

Machu Picchu
Machu Picchu was a Inca town in Peru in South America.

Journal
A journal a diary is a book written by a person aboutir life.

Mac OS X
Mac OS X is an operating system, OS, that runs on computers made by Apple Inc.

Apple Inc.
Apple is an company that makes computer hardware, computer software, portable devices mobile telephones music players.

Soil
Soil  is combination rock, mineral fragments  made byathering ,ganic matter , water, air.

Organic
Organic means it is, once was, alive.

3-D
3-D  means three dimensional, having three dimensions.

Humidity
Humidity refers to water vapor in air, but not to liquid droplets in fog, clouds, rain.

Calabi-Yau manifold
A Calabi-Yau space is a mathematical construction used by physicists to describes nature that are too to see with human eye.

Quantum mechanics
Quantum mechanics explains how "very"icles behave - atoms molecules subatomicicles protons, electrons, neutrons.

Duisburg
Duisburg is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Kuopio
Kuopio is a city.

Hammer
A hammer is a tool for putting nails into objects such as wood.

Feces
Feces fæces/faeces (pronounced in IPA:} is body's solid waste left over from eating food.

Catholicism
Catholicismten means Catholic Church.

Nail
A nail is a metal object with a flat head a long sharp tip.

Dictatorship
A dictatorship is a country where person has power to doever he she wants.

Electricity
Electricity is a type Energy that can flow through wires.

Sailor Moon
Sailor Moon is an anime manga written drawn by a womand Naoko Takeuchi.

Anesthetic
An anesthetic is a substance that doctors use on people.

Fidel Castro
Fideldro Castro Rúz  has been in power in Cuba since 1959.

Latin America
Latin America is a region Americas.

Washington, D.C.
Washington, D.C.

President United States
Presidents may be replaced by Acting President.

1948
1948 is a year in century.

1949
1949 is a year in century.

1950
1950 is a year in century.

J. R. R. Tolkien
John Ronald Reuel Tolkien  was a philologist, university professor, writer.

Adolescence
Adolescence is time between being a child full adult, that is period time during which a person is biologically  adult but emotionally  not at full maturity.

KDE
KDE  is a desktop environment for operating systems based on Linux UNIX.

United Kingdom Independence Party
The United Kingdom Independence Party  is a politicaly that wants Britain to leave Union.

Space Oddity
David Bowie's hit record was single "Space Oddity" in 1969.

Saxophone
A saxophone is a musical instrument that is made brassten just called a "sax".

Bryophyte
Bryophytes are simple plants,y are thought to be simplest.

Kent
Kent is a county ind.

Gavrilo Princip
Gavrilo Princip  was Serb man who shot Archdukezd Austria wife Archduke, Countess Sophie.

Formula
Aula is aened way writing an idea.

Independence Democracy
Independence Democracy is a group in Parliament.

Musician
A musician is a person who plays a musical instrument a guitar a piano a person that sings.

Carrot
Carrots are a type plant.

Conservatism
Conservatism is a political idea.

Machine
In everyday life, a machine is a thing that helps a person to dothing by using changing energy.

Wario Land 4
Wario Land 4 is a video game for Game Boyce.

Mrs. Doubtfire
"Mrs.

Super Mario 64 DS
"Super Mario 64 DS" is a game for Nintendo DS console.

Epistemology
Epistemology  is philosophy that studies knowledge.

Ford Focus
The Vauxhall Astra Toyota Auris are cars Focus.

Friends
"Friends"  was a comedy television series.

Seinfeld
"Seinfeld" was an television series.

Joey (TV series)
"Joey" was a 2004 television series.

Eastern Orthodox Church
The Orthodox Church is a church.

Lisgar Collegiate Institute
Lisgar Collegiate Institute is located in capital Ottawa, Canada.

Aberdeen
Aberdeen is a city on north east coastd where rivers Dee Don flow into North Sea.

Psoriasis
Psoriasis is a skin condition where cells grow at a faster rate thany can be shed, causing excess skin to build up scaly patches on body.

Jurassic Park
"Jurassic Park" is a 1991 book by Michael Crichton.

H. G. Wells
Herbert George Wells  was author many books in late 1800s.

Landseer (Continental type)
The Landseer  is a dog breed.

Glasgow
Glasgow  is busiest city ind, is on banks River Clyde.

Grampian
Grampian was a government region in north eastd.

Scottish Borders
Scottish Borders is a council area  in southd.

Central Region,d
Central was a government region in centrald between 1974 1995.

Dumfries Galloway
Dumfries Galloway is a region in southstd.

Fife
Fife is a region on East coastd.

Highland
Thed Council Area is a local government region in northd.

Lothian
Lothian was a region on east coastd.

Strathclyde
Strathclyde was a region instd.

Tayside
Tayside was a government region on east coastd.

Dundee
Dundee is a city on east coastd where River Tay flows into North Sea.

Oxford
Oxford is a town history.

George VI United Kingdom
George VI  was King United Kingdom from 11 December 1936 until he died on 6 February 1952.

Asia Minor
Asia Minor is a peninsula.

Zoroastrianism
Zoroastrianism is a religion.

Science Olympiad
The Science Olympiad is a nation-wide event in United States that tests students' knowledge in science technology.

Bookstore
A bookstore is a store that sells books, where people can buym.

Lemonade
Lemonade is a drink made with water, lemons lemon juice, sugar.

Melting
Melting is process changingthing from a solid into a liquid .

Onomatopoeia
An onomatopoeia is a word that tries to sound same as a real sound might hear.

September 11
The terms "September 11" "9/11" have been used by media to refer to September 11, 2001 attacks on World Trade Center The Pentagon in United States America.

Essex
Essex is a county in eastd.

County town
A county town is important town any county in Britaind.

Southend-on-Sea
Southend-on-Sea is town ind.

Cumbria
Cumbria is a county ind.

Bob
Bob is famous popular singers last 40 years.

Diana Ross
Diana Ross is a famous soul pop singer.

Enid Blyton
Enid Blyton  was an writer.

Saint Denis
Saint Denis is patron saintce.

Dragon
The "dragon" is a fictional animal belonging to world mythology, story telling fantasy.

Inertia
"Every body perseveres in its state being at rest moving uniformly straight ahead, except insofar as it is its state by forces impressed." [Cohen & 1999 translation] "Every object stays at rest stays moving at same speed unlessthing makes it change." .

Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes is a character from books written by Sir Arthur Doyle.

York
York is ae city in United Kingdom.

Northire
Northire is ae county in Region calledire Humber in northd.

Pig Latin
Pig Latin is an language code game isten used by children who speak.

Nickname
A nickname is a special that a person may be called that is different fromir real fromyre given byir parents.

Martin Luther King, Jr.
Dr Martin Luther King, Junior  was a famous who fought for human rights.

Jumanji
"Jumanji" is a 1995 movie starring Robin Williams, which was based loosely on a 1982 children's book same by Chris Van Allsburg.

Neopets
Neopets is absite that lets its users create pets, take carem.

Victoria United Kingdom
Queen Victoria  was queen Great Britaind from 1837 until 1901.

Freak Mighty
"Freak Mighty" is a book by Philbrick.

Daniel Handler
Daniel Handler  is real Lemony Snicket, author popular "A Series Unfortunate Events" books.

Global warming
Global warming is a term regarding slow increase earth's temperature.

Ammonia
Ammonia is a chemical.

Alkali
In chemistry, an alkali is an aqueous  solution with a pH more than seven.

The White Stripes
The garage rock duo is known forir trademark red, white, black colors clothing,ir frequent use number three,ir peppermint motif.

Millennium Dome
The Millennium Dome is ae dome-shaped building in Greenwich in South East London, UK.

Millennium
A millennium is a time period thousand  years.

Hotmail
Hotmail is a free e-mail service provided by Microsoft.

Harry Potter
The "Harry Potter" books are a popular series fantasy books by J.

J. K. Rowling
Joanne Kathleen Rowling  is author "Harry Potter" books.

Charmed
"Charmed" is an television series.

Media
The media can mean television, radio, newspapers magazines.

Seaman
A seaman is a man that works at sea on boats, ships, submarines.

Falklandds
Thedds  are a group islands in Southtic ocean,f coast South America.

Neil Armstrong
Neil Armstrong was born in August 1930 in Ohio in a farm with his grandparents in United States.

Caretaker
A caretaker isone who has job looking after a building.

Samuel Beckett
Samuel Beckett  was born in Dublin ind.

Vegetarianism
Vegetarianism is practice not eating meat fish.

British
A person object comes from United Kingdom , Isle Mannelds .

Think Quest
ThinkQuest is a contest that isicipated in by students schools in United States other countries.

Terry Gilliam
Terry Gilliam  is an-born cartoonist filmmaker.

John
John (b.

Arthur Doyle
Sir Arthur Ignatius Doyle  was a doctor author.

Ray Charles
Ray Charles   was an musician.

Jalisco
Jalisco is a state Mexico.

Ferrari
Ferrari is an car company that makes fast cars.

Daihatsu
The Daihatsu Motory Ltd.

Hydrocarbon
A hydrocarbon is a type chemical compound.

Shanghai
Shanghai is city in China.

Hunter S. Thompson
Hunter S.

Johnny Depp
Johnny Depp  is an actor.

Uncle John's Bathroom Reader
"Uncle John's Bathroom Readers" is a series books.

Catalonia
Catalonia  is a Spain placed on north-east, recognized as an "Autonomous Community".

Civil engineering
Civil engineering is term for work building structures.

Comparison
__NOTOC__ .

Golden Gate Bridge
Golden Gate Bridge is a bridge over Sancisco Bay, from Sancisco to Marin County, in U.S.

Kitchen
The kitchen is room in house where food is cooked.

Software engineering
Software engineering is designing writing programs for computers.

Student
A student is a person who is learningthing.

Suburb
A suburb is an area a town city a little away from main center, wherere are fewer buildings mainly houses, schools shops.

Skyscraper
A skyscraper is a very tall building, usually more than 152 metres  in height.

Integer
Integers are whole numbers.

Natural number
Natural numbers are numbers things.

Golden Rule
The Golden Rule is to "do to others you would havem do to you." This means - treat others how you would to be treated.

Leicester
Leicester is a city inds, ind.

Hollywood, California
Hollywood is a district in Los Angeles, California.

Saturday Night Live
"SNL" was created is executive-produced by Lorne Michaels started in 1975 as "NBC's Saturday Night".

Elvis Presley
Elvis Aaron Presley  was famous rock roll's superstars.

Sherwood Forest
Sherwood Forest is a forest in United Kingdom near Nottingham,d.

Mount Everest
The Mount Everest is highest mountain in world.

Luanda
Luanda is capital city Angola.

Pepsi
Pepsi is a carbonated cola soft drink.

Penguin
Penguins are sea-birds.

March 6
March 6 is day year in calendar .

Cannibalism
Cannibalism is practice eating your own species.

Halloween
Halloween is a holiday in many speaking countries that is celebrated on night October.

Frida Kahlo
Magdalena Carmen Frida Kahlo y Calderón  usually known as Frida Kahlo was a painter.

Fear Loathing in Las Vegas
"Fear Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to Heart Dream" is a book written by Hunter S.

Graham
Graham  was a actor, writer, doctor.

Michael Palin
Michael Palin  is an actor, world traveller, author.

Terry Jones
Terry Jones  is a writer, actor, historian.

New York
New York is 50 states United States America, thirteeniginal states.

Rolling Stone
"For page about band, see The Rolling Stones." "Rolling Stone" is a popular culture magazine.

Ralph
Ralph is a cartoonist illustrator.

Tunisia
Tunisia  is a country in North Africa.

1972
1972 was a leap year in century.

Malaysia
Malaysia is a tropical country in Southeast Asia.

Mickey Mouse
Mickey Mouse is popular cartoon characters in world.

HIV
Human immunodeficiency virus  is a retrovirus that infects human immune system.

Frank Zappa
Frank Vincent Zappa  was an musician composer.

Tasmania
Tasmania is ae islandf southern coast mainland Australia.

M*A*S*H
"M*A*S*H" was a media franchise that had several novels, a movie, several television series.

Donaldd
Donaldd  is a actor.

Paul Martin Jr.
Paul Martin Jr.

Machine gun
A machine gun is aapon that can fire bullet after another as long as trigger is pulledre are bullets ready to fire.

Robin Hood
Robin Hood is a folk hero from middle ages.

Basketball
Basketball is a very popular sport played with a round,ange ball that bounces, also called a basketball.

Folk hero
A folk hero is a person, who may may not have existed, is famouslld by people, people a certain country.

January 1
January 1 is day calendar year in calendar calendar.

Seth Green
Seth Green  is an actor.

Ashton Kutcher
Ashton Kutcher  is an actor.

Linus Torvalds
Linus Benedict Torvalds is a computer scientist, born in December 28, 1969, in Helsinki, capitald.

Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Jefferson  was President United States, author Declaration Independence.

Tahiti
Tahiti is an island in southern Pacific.

Geneva (canton)
Geneva is a canton ind.

H. John Heinz III
Henry John Heinz III  was an politician fromia great-grandson founder H.

The Tempest
"The Tempest" is William Shakespeare's last comedies.

Calendar
A calendar is a system for assigning calendar dates to days.

Randall Cobb
Randall "Tex" Cobb  was an boxer from Texas.

Aquilino Pimentel, Jr.
Aquilino Q.

Pat Robertson
Pat Robertson  is an evangelist host 700 Club, a news talk show on television.

Full House
"Full House" is an comedy television series.

Hot Press
Hot Press is a music political magazine.

Alabama Song
The "Alabama Song" comes from 1930 operetta "Rise Fall City Mahagonny".

The Doors
The Doors was an rock band.

Mickey Gilley
Mickey Gilley  is a country musician singer.

Jerry Lee Lewis
Jerry Lee Lewis  is an musician.

Jimmy Swaggart
Jimmy Swaggert  is a televangelist .

Johnny
Johnny (born J.

Pluto (mythology)
Pluto is god Underworld in mythology.

Maoism
Maoism is communist  idea created by man Mao Zedong.

C++
C++  is a computer programming language.

Korean War
The War was a war fought in Korea between armies from North Korea from South Korea.

John Landis
John Landis  is an film director.

March 21
March 21 is day year in calendar .

Edith Massey
Edith Massey  was an actress.

Statue Liberty
The "Statue Liberty"  "Lady Liberty" is ae statue in harbor New York City.

Ankst
Ankst is a independent record labeled in 1988 at Aberystwyth University.

October 4
October 4 is day year  in Calendar.

February 11
February 11 is day year in calendar.

T. S. Eliot
Thomas Stearns Eliot , was an poet.

Andrew Lloyd Webber
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber  is a very composer/songwriter musicalatre.

October 24
Holidays.

Bob Kane
Bob Kane  was an cartoonist.

Batman
Batman is popular superheroes all-time.

Val Kilmer
Val Kilmer  is an actor, known for his roles in "Tombstone", "The Doors", "Batman Forever".

Eva Gabor
Eva Gabor  was a born actress.

Athlete
An athlete is a person who has above average physical skills  is able to perform physical activities, inicular, contests.

Snoopy
Snoopy is Charlie Brown's pet beagle in comic strip "Peanuts", by Charles M.

John Wilkes Booth
John Wilkes Booth  was an actor who is famous for being man who killed Abraham Lincoln on April 14 1865 inington, DC.

Annapolis,d
Annapolis is capital city U.S.

Keanu Reeves
Keanu Charles Reeves  is an actor.

Kurt Cobain
Kurt Donald Cobain  was lead singer guitarist grunge banda, which also included bassist Krist Novoselic drummer Dave Grohl.

Mikhail Gorbachev
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachyov   , was leader Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991.

Tron
"Tron" is a 1982 Walt Disney Productions science fiction movie starring Jeff Bridges as Kevin Flynn , Bruce Boxleitner as Bradley  Cindy as Lora .

Garfield
"Garfield" is a famous comic strip created by Jim Davis.

Michael Moore
Michael Moore  is an writer filmmaker.

Hawaiian Punch
Hawaiian Punch is a brand sweetened fruit punch drinks owned by Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc.

Whale
Whales are marine mammals, becausem live in oceans.

Marker
A marker is a writing device that allows a person to draw, write, scribble.

Anchor
Anchors are boats from moving.

Light pollution
Light pollution is a type pollution.

Nintendo
Nintendo  is a company that makes video games video game consoles.

São Paulo
São Paulo  is capital state São Paulo, Brazil.

DVD
A DVD  is an optical disc capable storing up to 4.7 GB data as MB that a CD can hold.

Submarine
A submarine is a vessel that goes under water.

Lebanon
Lebanon is a country in Middle East , on Sea.

Alan Alda
Alan Alda   is an actor.

Sally
Sally  is an movie actress.

Hagar Horrible
"Hägar Horrible" is title a comic strip main character.

Baghdad
Baghdad  is capital city city in Iraq.

Mediterranean Sea
The Sea is a body water that separates Europe, Africa Asia.

Shirley Bassey
Dame Shirley Veronica Bassey  is a singer, she is known for singingme songs for James Bond films, "Goldfinger", "Diamonds are Forever", "Moonraker".

Captain Beefheart
Captain Beefheart AKA Don Van Vliet born Don Glen Vliet  was an singer.

C (programming language)
The C programming language is a computer programming language that works close to hardware.

Drake &
"Drake" is a Nickelodeon television series.

Theda Show
Theda Show is a sketch comedy television series starringda Bynes,ly "All That".

Sally Ride
Sally Kristen Ride  is an astronaut astrophysicist who in 1983 became woman to reach space.

Court
A court, in law, is a government that decides laws mean when people disagree.

Birth
Birth  means when a baby animal comes its egg, its mother after pregnancy.

Pollution
Pollution is whenthing causes damage problem because it is where it is not,re is too much it.

Immunity
Immunity is being able to keep from getting sick from a certain disease.

Inca
The Incare a civilization  an empire  instern South America.

Roman numeral
A numeral is for a number when it is written in ways numbers.

Map
A map is usually a picture Earth Earth.

Globe
A globe is a picture a planet drawn on a sphere.

Noah
Noah is a religious figure in Judeo Islamic religious text.

Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide
"Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" is a children's TV show on Nickelodeon.

VH1
VH1  is an television network.

Cabinet
A Cabinet is a group important people in a government, who normally represent head government.

Newspaper
A newspaper is a publication printed on paper issued regularly, usually once a day once aek.

Public domain
Public domain is a phrase that describesthing that belongs to all people in general: public.

Child
A child  isone who is not an adult yet, a person who has not reached puberty.

Nickelodeon
Nickelodeon is an Cable television network.

Jimmy Carter
James Earl "Jimmy" Carter, Jr.

Cannes
Cannes  is a city commune French department Alpes-Maritimes.

Theodore Roosevelt
Theodore "Teddy" Roosevelt , was president United States.

Composer
A composer isone who writes  music.

Henry VIIId
Henry VIII  was Kingd from 1509 until his death.

Orchestra
Anchestra is a group musicians playing instruments together.

Homosexuality
Homosexuality is sexualientation for a person who is sexually romantically own gender.

Dwight D. Eisenhower
Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower   was an soldier politician.

Ball
A ball is a round object that is used in sports games,times other things.

Ferrocement
Ferrocement is both a method a material used in building sculpting with cement, sand, water wire mesh material.

Camera lens
A camera lens is usually made glass is a camera.

Boy
A boy is a young male .

Company clerk
A company clerk is a person who keeps files, does secretarial work, etc., at anfice military camp base.

Paul McCartney
Sir James Paul McCartney  is Britain's musician composer, musicians in world.

Afrikaner people
Afrikaners are white Souths that speaks as mother tongue associatemselves withs culture..

John Lennon
John Winston Ono Lennon  was a member rock band The Beatles.

Invention
An invention is a new thing thatone has made.

Genocide
Genocide is crime killing many people who are all ethnic group, religious group, similar group, trying to destroy that group.

Yoko Ono
Yoko Ono  is a-born musician artist.

Coast
The coast is where land meets sea.

George Harrison
George Harrison  was an musician.

Ravikar
Ravikar  is India's famous musicians.

Sentence
A sentence is a group words that are put together to meanthing.

James Joyce
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce   was a famous writer poet modernist movement.

Andes
The Andes are a mountain range alongstern coast South America.

Meal
A meal is a serving food eaten by human beings.

Leipzig
Leipzig is city in state Saxony .

Veal
Veal is meat from a very young calf.

Evil
Evil means anything which is bad wrong.

1872
1872 was a leap year in century.

Poznan
Poznań is city in Wielkopolska ind.

Jim Henson
James Maury "Jim" Henson  was an artist, puppeteer, moviemaker.

Game Boyce Video
Game Boyce Video is aat cartridges for Gameboyce.

Butterfly
A butterfly is a flying insect.

Nazism
Nazism was a political movement iny.

Pork
Pork is meat that comes from a pig hog.

Mike Farrell
Mike Farrell  is an actor activist.

David Ogden Steirs
David Ogden Steirs  is an actor voice artist.

Beauty Beast
"Beauty Beast" is a French folk story.

Wayne Rogers
Wayne Rogers  is an television movie actor.

McLean Stevenson
McLean Stevenson  was an actor.

Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve
Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve ) was a-born astronomer.

Mario Party
"Mario Party" is a series video games created by Nintendo Hudson.

Helsinki
Helsinki is capital cityd.

Jehovah's Witnesses
Jehovah's Witnesses try to obey Jesus' command to teach make disciples .

Wife
A wife is a married woman.

Catherine Parr
Catherine Parr (c.

Queen (band)
Queen is an rock band.

Simon Garfunkel
Paul Simon Art Garfunkelre an pop music group.

Madagascar
Madagascar is ae island nation in,f east coast Africa.

Board game
A board game is a game usually played with pieces on a board-like area.

Aerosmith
Aerosmith is a popular rock band,ed in 1970 in Boston.

Brighton
Brighton is a city on south coastd.

Vincent van Gogh
Vincent Willem van Gogh, usually known simply as Vincent van Gogh,  was a Dutch painter.

Rainbow
A rainbow is an arc color in sky that you can see when sun shines through falling rain.

Central Intelligence Agency
The Central Intelligence Agency  is a United States government.

Thomas Dolby
Thomas Dolby is a musican computer designer.

Earthquake-proof
An earthquake-proof building is a building that has been built to survive an earthquake.

Rio de Janeiro
Rio de Janeiro is city.

Andrew Jackson
Andrew Jackson  was a hero in War 1812.

Pillow
A pillow is a soft cushion that a person puts underir head wheny are sleeping in a bed.

Whaler
A whaler is a person who hunts whales, boaty use.

Crayon
Crayons are writing tools made with colored wax, water talcum powder chalk.

Self-defense
Self-defense means fightingfthing another person to protect yourself maybe others.

March 22
March 22 is day year in calendar .

Dodgeball
Dodgeball is a sport played by throwing soft balls at people in a square court.

Local area network
A local area network  is a network  computers in a area a home,fice, school.

Pharaoh
Pharaohsre rulers ancient Egypt.

Gilligan'sd
"Gilligan'sd" is popular television series in history television.

Diaper
A diaper  is a piece clothing worn by whose who cannot controlir urine feces.

Mork Mindy
"Mork Mindy" was an comedy television series.

1954
1954  was a common year starting on Friday calendar.

American Samoa
American Samoa is a territory United States inds, in South Pacific.

Disgust
Disgust is an emotion.

Oven
Ovens are heated containers which can be closed.

Pot
A cooking pot is a vessel to cook in.

Liquid
A liquid is a matter that has an almost-fixed volume but no set shape.

July 13
Otherbsites.

White
White is color pure sunlight.

Frencha
Frencha is a French province in South America.

Nigger
Nigger is a racist word to describe people descent.

Biography
A biography is story a real person's life.

January 3
January 3 is day year in current calendar system use.

Ralph Nader
Ralph Nader  is an attorney, politician political activist.

Jamie Farr
Jamie Farr  is an actor descent.

Free software
Free software is open source software that anyone may run, share, change, at any time, for any reason.

Zookeeper
A zookeeper is a worker in a zoo.

Cage
A cage is a box which is made to keepthing inside, without it being able to get .

Toddler
A toddler is a child between ages to three years old.

Ronald McDonald
Ronald McDonald is a clown character who is a mascot McDonald's fast-food restaurant.

Bob Marley
Robert Nesta "Bob" Marley  was an important musician in 1970s 1980s.

Leonardo DiCaprio
Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio  is an actor.

John Candy
John Candy  was a actor.

Erwin Rommel
Fieldal Erwin Rommel  was anficer army in World War II.

Fermentation
Fermentation is process in which cells convert glucose  into either alcohol vinegar along with other products.

Flower
A flower is a a plant.

Penelope Taynt
Penelope is reallyda Bines with a wig glasses on.

Square kilometre
A square kilometre  is based on SI unit measurement area, "square metre".

Judge
A judge is a man woman who is in control a court law.

Guilty
A person is guilty doingthing ify have donething really bad.

Length
Length is a property a thing that can be measured.

Weight
Weight is a property matter on earth.

True
A thing is true if it is correct.

Zimbabwe
The Republic Zimbabwe is a country in southern continent Africa.

Monaco
Monaco is country in world; about 34,000 people livere.

Jettingen
Jettingen is a village in south-west Baden-Württemberg,y.

Ken Jennings
Kenneth Wayne Jennings III  was highest money earning contestant in history knowledge game show "Jeopardy!".

Sublimation
Sublimation is process by which a solid transforms into a gas without passing through liquid stage.

Malcolm McDowell
Malcolm McDowell  is an actor.

MAD Magazine
MAD Magazine is a humor satire magazine that started in 1952 as a 10 cent comic book parody other comics.

Traverse City,
Traverse City is a town in northern Lower Peninsula, United States.

Will Smith
Will Smith  is an actor rapper from Philadelphia,ia.

Vladimir Putin
  is a politician.

Henry VIId
Henry VII Henry Tudor  was kingd from 1485 to 1509.

Dover, Kent
Dover is a town on coast in Kent in UK.

Tonbridge
Tonbridge is a town in Kent ind.

Inverness
Inverness is a city in northd.

Boycott
A boycott is a protest where protesters do not buy a product give money to a company.

Man-made
Whenthing is man-made, it has been made by humans, not nature.

King Arthur
King Arthur is a legendary king in mythology Great Britain.

Johnnyed
John "Johnnyed"  is an folk hero.

Compact Disc
A Compact Disc "CD" is a flat round disc digital data.

Maidstone
Maidstone is a town in Kent ind.

C. S. Lewis
Clive Staples Lewis  was an author scholar.

Sollog
John Patrick Ennis , also known as Sollog, is a controversial "psychic".

The Corrs
The Corrs is a folk rock music group fromd.

Aaron
Aaron is a biblical figure.

Paula Abdul
Paula Abdul  is a singer dancer.

Douglas Adams
Douglas Adams  was a writer.

Tom Arnold
Tom Arnold  is an actor comedian.

Bea Arthur
Beatrice "Bea" Arthur  is an actress.

Dave Attell
Dave Attell  is an comedian host TV show "Insomniac with Dave Attell", shown on Comedy Central in United States.

Karel Appel
Karel Appel  was a Dutch painter.

Randy
Randall Charles  is a musician.

J. M. Barrie
Sir James Matthew Barrie  was a-born writer.

Riga
Riga is capital city country Latvia.

Pope John Paul II
Pope John Paul II was born in Wadowice,d on May 18, 1920 as Karol Józef Wojtyła died on April 2, 2005.

Marvel Comics
Marvel Comics is a company that makes "superhero" comic books.

Lincoln, Nebraska
Lincoln is capital city Nebraska, United States .

Nuclear fission
Nuclear fission is when atoms split apart into atoms.

The Fantastic Four
The Fantastic Four is a team superheroes.

Bob Barker
Bob Barker  was host television game show "The Price is Right" .

Connect Four
Connect Four is a simple game.

Nintendo DS
The Nintendo DS is newest handheld game system from Nintendo.

Sam Neill
Sam Neill  is an Newd actor.

March 18
March 18 is day year in calendar .

Meteoroid
A meteoroid is you see when a space rock, called a meteoroid is falling to Earth.

Similarity
The word similarity means that two more things share property.

Notepad
Notepad is a word processing program.

Maxck
Max Karl Ernst Ludwigck  was a physicist fromy.

Jay Leno
Jay Leno  is an comedian who works on late night television.

Vancouver, Columbia
Vancouver is a coastal city major seaport, located on mainland southwestern Columbia, Canada.

Nunavut
Nunavut is a territory in Canada.It was founded in 1999 when many Inuit living in Northwest Territories an independent province government.

Steve Martin
Stephen Glenn Martin  is an comedian actor.

Richard Attenborough
Richard Attenborough  is an movie producer actor.

Robin Williams
Robin Williams  is an actor comedian.

Bamboo
Bamboo is a for more than thousand species giant grasses.

Trojan War
The War was greatest wars in Greek mythology.

Cruise ship
A cruise ship  is ae ship with sleeping cabins that takes people on holiday vacationtrips.

Windows Media Player
Windows Media Player is a digital media player made by Microsoft.

Listen Up
Listen Up! was a 2004 CBS television series.

Jurassic Park III
Jurassic Park III is a 2001 motion picture "Jurassic Park" movie.

Laura Dern
Laura Elizabeth Dern  is an actress.

Trailer (movie)
A movie trailer is a showing a future  movie.

Michael Crichton
Michael Crichton  was author many books.

Andreas Baader
Andreas Bernd Baader  was born in Munich,y was a terrorist.

Meher Baba
Meher Baba  was a spiritual teacher who lived in India.

Uno (card game)
"Uno" is a card game that was made by Merle Robbins in 1971.

Electrical engineering
Electrical engineers develop  different things that use electricity in a helping way.

Design
Design is a visual look/or a shape given to a certain object, inder to make it more attractive, make it more comfortable to improve another characteristic.

Star Trek
"Star Trek" is a science fiction television show.

Tunnel
A tunnel is an underground passage.

Salvation Army
The Salvation Army is aganization.

Orphanage
Anphanage  is an institution which cares for children whose parents have died have abandonedm.

London Underground
The London Underground is a system electric trains operating in London, United Kingdom.

Democracy Now!
"Democracy Now!" is a radio TV program that has generally liberal views.

Socialist Party (England Wales)
The Socialist Party is a Socialist politicaly active ind Wales Committee for a Workers'ational.

Socialist teachers
Socialist Teachers are a group members Socialist Party  in National Union Teachers.

National Union Teachers
The National Union Teachers is teachers union in United Kingdom.

Socialist Party
In cases,ies are more social-democrat than socialist.

February 20
Otherbsites.

Dave Grohl
David Eric Grohl, usually known as Dave Grohl, is an rock musician singer.

Embryo
Embryo is an early stage animal human development.

WordPad
Wordpad, Notepad allows user to word process items.

Microsoft Paint
Paint is a computer program made by Microsoft.

My Computer
My Computer is seen on Microsoft Windows computers.

Trilogy
A trilogy is a series with threes.

Series
A series is a group several things that are all about same thing, are intentionally similar.

Synesthesia
Synesthesia  is happens when brain mixes up senses.

Moose
A moose   is a mammal deer family.

Stanley Kubrick
Stanley Kubrick  was an film  director.

Kyoto Protocol
The Kyoto Protocol is a plan created by United Nations for "United Nations Framework Convention on Climatege" that tries to reduce effects climate change, such as global warming.

Ratify
To ratify  is to adopt  an important document treaty that affects an entire country.

Physical constants
In science, a physical constant is a number  which does not change.

Movie director
A movie director is a person who helps lead making a movie .

Jack Nicholson
Jack Nicholson  is an actor.

January 4
January 4 is day year in current calendar system use.

Autism
Autism is a problem with way brain grows develops.

Italian language
Italian is a language spoken by about 70 million people,ly people from Italy, from which it gets its.

Namibia
The Republic Namibia is a country in southern Africa ontic coast.

Jubal Early
Jubal Anderson Early  was a Confederate general in Civil War.

Lewis Carroll
Lewis Carroll was pen Charles Lutwidge Dodgson , a writer, math expert, clergyman, photographer.

Belize
Belize is a country in Central America.

Michael Landon
Michael Landon  was an actor.

RMSic
The RMS "Titanic"  was a passenger ship.

Steel
Steel is a mixture several metals  but it is iron.

Luftwaffe
The Luftwaffe  is for air forcey.

The Velvet Underground
The Velvet Underground was an rock band.

John F. Kennedy
John Fitzgerald Kennedy , also known as JFK, was president United States America.

Jyväskylä
Jyväskylä is capital province Centrald by northern end lake Päijänne.

Alfred Hitchcock
Alfred Hitchcock  was a-born film director.

Black comedy
Black comedy is a style humor  that is aboutthing serious that might upset people people have problems with .

Elliott Gould
Elliot Gould   is all-known actor.

Equation
An equation is a mathematical chemical object.

Canteen
A canteen is a bottle which can be re-used.

Beadle
A beadle isone who works at a church a synagogue helps clergy.

Vegetable
A vegetable is a plant that is eaten by humans, but is not a fruit, nut, herb, spice, grain.

Olivine
Olivine  is a mineral that ranges in color from chartreuse green to pale olive.

Economy
An economy is a system exchange.

March 7
March 7 is day year in calendar .

Engine
An engine, motor, is a machine for convertingrmal energy into mechanical energy power to produce force motion.

Belarus
Belarus is a country in eastern Europe.

Steam
Steam is given to water when it is a gas.

Steering wheel
A steering wheel is a circular object used by driver a car boat to change direction it is moving.

German Democratic Republic
The Democratic Republic  ), commonly called Easty , was founded on October 7,1949, after World War II.

Netball
Netball is a sport played in two teams seven.

Atomic number
The atomic number an atom is number protons in atom.

Cardinal number
Cardinal numbers  are numbers that say "how many"thingre are, for example:, two, three, four, five.

March 4
March 4 is day year in Calendar .

Merchant marine
Merchant marine is a term used in many places to talk about commercial ships crews.

FreeBSD
FreeBSD is an operating system for many differents computers.

Garryall
Garryall  is an influential writer, producer, actor.

Johnny Weissmuller
Johnny Weissmuller  was an swimmer actor.

Priscilla Presley
Priscilla Presley  is an actress.

Drunkenness
Drunkenness is state intoxication by alcohol.

Canada Dry
Canada Dry is a brand belonging to a company that produces beverages.

Ginger ale
Ginger ale is a soft drink flavored with root a plant known as ginger.

Shaving
Shaving is removing hair from face other body with a razor.

Hygiene
Hygiene is act being clean.

Spork
Image:Spork.png|thumb|Van Brode Millingy a> application drawing.

Vauxhall Astra
Vauxhall Astra is a car produced by General Motors since 1979.

Ford Ka
The Ford Ka is a very car made by Ford Motory in Spain Brazil.

Tower Bridge
Tower Bridge is a bridge in London.

Waiter
A waiter is a person who "waits" on tables,ten at a restaurant cafe.

Steven Spielberg
Steven Spielberg  is an movie director.

Variable
A variable is a special type amount quantity which can change its value.

Salvador Allende
Salvador Allende Gossens  was a physician, senator, minister health President Chile from November 3, 1970 until his murder on September 11, 1973.

Authority
Authority is ability a person anganization to conduct a certain lifestyle for another person a group.

Musical instrument
Musical instruments are things music.

Winston Churchill
Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill was an politician, who was Prime Minister United Kingdom during after World War II.

Golan Heights
The Heights is a strip land that was Syria until Israel captured it in Six Day War 1967.

Pupil (eye)
The pupil is opening in centre eye.

Translator
A translator readsthing written in language speaks it writes it in another language.

Cambodia
Cambodia Kampuchea is a country in Southeast Asia.

Teenager
A teenager, teen, is a young person whose age is between thirteen nineteen.

Age
The agething/someone is how old he/she/it is.

1600
1600 is last year century; 1601 is actual year century.

Adult
An adult isone grown up completely, mature.

Colony
A colony is a place controlled by a another country.

Sonic boom
A sonic boom is created when an object travels faster than speed sound.

Sikkim
Sikkim is Republic India's state in terms population in area after Goa has an area 2,745 sq mi , it is than territories but than territory Abkhazia.

Spelling bee
A Spelling bee is a spoken spelling competition.

Birth control
Birth control contraception is a way to prevent pregnancy during sexual intercourse.

Role-playing game
A role-playing game  is a game in which plays role several characters , either verbally , in a computer video game, alone.

Arabic language
Arabic  is a Semitic language, in same family as Hebrew Aramaic.

Dresden
Dresden  is capital Free State Saxony.

Free will
Free will isory that every person can decide to do freely.

March 3
March 3 is day year in calendar .

Irrigation
Irrigation is when people add water to plants, to helpm grow whenre is not enough rain.

Glastonbury Festival
The Glastonbury Festival is a very music festival.

Detroit,
Detroit is city in state in United States.

War communism
War communism is for economic policies that Vladimir Lenin introduced in Russia.

New Economic Policy
New Economic Policy is for new economy introduced by Lenin after failed methods War communism.

Foreign aid
Foreign aid is when country helps another country.

Hydroelectricity
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by movement water.

Mallaig
Mallaig is a town ind.

Cramlington
Cramlington is a town in countyd, in north-eastd.

Belfast
Belfast  is capitald.

Dungeness
Dungeness is a place on coast in Kent,d.

Power station
There are many power stations around world, because many things need electricity to work.

Mind
The mind is a person that thinks, reasons, perceives, wills, feels.

Reality
Reality is a noun referring to anything that is real.

Mary Shelley
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley  was an author known for writing novel "Frankenstein".

Nelson Mandela
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  was President South Africa to be elected in a fully-represented democratic election.

Don Quixote
"Don Quixote" is a novel by Miguel detes.

Swim
To swim is to move through water.

Archimedes
Archimedes  was a Greek scientist.

Radio
Radio is a machine for sending signals over a long distance, that uses electromagnetic waves, radio signals, to send electronic information from place to another without wires.

Vandalism
"For Wikipedia term, please see Vandalism." Vandalism is destroying damaging property another.

Monopoly (game)
Monopoly is a board game played by two to eight players.

Stillding
"Stillding" is a CBS sitcom starring Mark Addy.

IGN
IGN is a gamingbsite that was launched in 2000.

Sock
Socks areten worn on a person's foot.

Everybody Loves Raymond
"Everybody Loves Raymond" was 1996 television series.

Lighthouse
A lighthouse is a tall house that has a light placed near top.

Joan Arcadia
"Joan Arcadia" is a CBS drama starring Amber Tamblyn.

Lunchbox
A lunchbox is a person's lunch.

The Game Life
The Game Life is a popular board game.

Poster
A poster is ae piece printed paper that contains a picturething.

Gretchen Wilson
Gretchen Wilson  is a popular country music singer.

Blue Balliett
Elizabeth "Blue" Balliett Klein  is an writer.

Eyelash
An eyelash is a hair that grows at edge eyelids.

Prague
Prague  is capital city Czech Republic.

Wallet
A wallet is a leather fabric container that a person uses to hold money, credit cards, business cards.

Memory card
A memory card is a card inside a computer, other electronic device, such as a digital camera.

Computer printer
A printer is a piece hardware for a computer.

Chasing Vermeer
"Chasing Vermeer" is a children's novel.

Great Wall China
The Great Wall China is a very old stone wall in China which was built to protect north empire China from enemy attacks.

Amazon River
The Amazon river  in) is a river that flows in tropical forests South America, mainly Brazil.

Pyramid
A pyramid is a shape.

Care Bears
The Care Bears are a very toy franchise from 1980s.

Bolzano
Bolzano  is capital city provinceo-Bozen in northern Italy.

Flubber
"Flubber" is a movie with Robin Williams as Prof.

Mary Wollstonecraft
Mary Wollstonecraft  was an philosopher early feminist.

Isle Wight
The Isle Wight is an island that is justf south coastd.

Alzheimer's disease
Alzheimer's disease is a disease that slowly destroys a person's memory until he she dies.

Elaine Paige
Elaine Paige is an actress singer.

Marti Webb
Marti Webb is a actress singer born in London in 1944.

Yahtzee
Mostse combinations come from poker.

Tim Rice
Tim Rice is a songwriter writer.

Evita (musical)
Evita is a musical written by Tim Rice Andrew Lloyd Webber, based on life Eva Peron , wife Argentine President Peron.

March 8
March 8 is day year in calendar .

Sunset Boulevard
"Sunset Boulevard" wasiginally a movie made in 1950 starring Gloriason as a silent screen actress.

Molière
Molière  was a French actor, director writer.

Sealand
Sealand is a very country in North Sea, but it is not an island.

Sticky note
A Sticky note is a piece paper with a strip glue along edge that make it "sticky," so you can stick it to things.

Advertisement
An advertisement  is anything that draws attention towards a product, service person.

Becker (TV series)
Becker was a 1998 television series.

Digital camera
A digital camera is a camera that uses an electronic sensor instead film.

Cheers
"Cheers" is a long-running sitcom made by Charles-Burrows-Charles Productions in association with Paramount Television for NBC.

Jackie Adventures
"Jackie Adventures" was an animated television series.

Stapler
A stapler is anfice tool that is thin items such as paper together.

Pixar
Pixar is a very popular animation studio, which isll known for its extremely advanced CGI productions.

Finding Nemo
"Finding Nemo" is a Disney/Pixar animated movie which showed in 2003.

Fibonacci
Fibonacci  was a famous mathematician.

Richard
Richard  is founder free software movement, GNU project, Free Software Foundation.

National Hockey League
The National Hockey League NHL, is highest-level ice hockey league in world.

Isaac Asimov
Isaac Asimov  was a writer.

March 5
March 5 is day year in Calendar .

March 24
March 24 is day year in calendar .

June 4
June 4 is day year in calendar , with 210 days remaining.

September 28
Holidays observances.

February 24
February 24 is day year in Calendar.

Evolution
In study life living things, evolution is term way a type living thing changes over a long period time.

Bedfordshire
Bedfordshire is a countyd.

March 26
March 26 is day year in calendar .

March 20
March 20 is day year in calendar .

American football
American Football  is a team sport played by two teams people with 11 players on each side.

The Ugly Duckling
The Ugly Duckling  is a fairy tale written by Hans Andersen.

Mockery
A mockery isthing said aboutonething to make that person thing look bad.

General relativity
Before learning General Theory Relativity must know about Specialory relativity.

Rutland
Rutland is countyd.

Adlai E. Stevenson
Adlai Ewing Stevenson  was an politician.

Toledo, Ohio
Toledo is ae city in Ohio, USA.

The Carpenters
The Carpentersre an musical duo.

Jerry Reed
Jerry Reed  is an country music singer actor.

1990
1990 was a year in century.

Bee Gees
The Bee Geesre an singing group consisting three brothers Barry Gibb , twins Maurice Gibb  Robin Gibb .

Improverts
The Improverts are an improvised comedy group based in Edinburgh,d.

Taipei 101
Taipei 101 is 101-floor building located in Taipei,.

February 4
February 4 is day year in Calendar.

Sergio Aragonés
Sergio Aragonés  is a popular cartoonist.

Lisa Bonet
Lisa Bonet  is an actress.

Tobacco
Tobacco is a plant nightshade family, found mainly in North America South America.

Jerusalem
Jerusalem is capital Israel.

Rocky Mountains
The Rocky Mountains Rockies are a range mountains in United States Canada.

Brooklyn
Brooklyn is 5 boroughs New York City.

Cornish language
Cornish is a very old language from country Cornwall in southstd, UK.

Welsh
Places in United States  .

Watergate scandal
The Watergate scandal happened when United States President Richard Nixon, a, was crime in which FBI CIA agents broke intofices opposing Democratic Party.

Cyan
Cyan is color halfway between blue green on color wheel.

Purple
Purple is a color that combines blue red.

La Liga Filipina
La Liga Filipina was anganization created by Doctor Jose Rizal on July 3, 1982 in Philippines.

March 31
March 31 is day year in calendar , with 275 days remaining.

September 29
Otherbsites.

Elton John
Sir Elton Hercules John  is a musician.

The Who
The Who are a popular rock band.

Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelinre an hard rock heavy metal band.

Closed source
Closed source  software is opposite Open source.

USB flash drive
A USB drive is a computer storage device that connects directly to a USB port with a built-in connector.

Ostrich
The ostrich  is ae flightless bird that lives in Africa.

Shark
Sharks are a group fish called cartilagenous fish with skeletons made cartilage instead bone.

Vulture
Vultures aree birds prey that usually feed on carrion .

Eagle
Eagles aree birds prey that are, falcons, Old World vultures.

Falcon
Falcons are birds prey are eagles.

Islington
Islington is a district in north London, in United Kingdom.

Sirindhornational Institute Technology
Sirindhornational Institute Technology  is an institute technology in Thammasat University,d.

Ainu people
The Ainu are an ethnic group.

Iliad
The "Iliad" is, along with "Odyssey", two major Greek epic poems traditionally, written in Greece about 700–650 BC.

Drug
A drug is any biological substance that is not taken for dietary needs.

Bill Watterson
William B.

Centimetre
A centimetre  is a unit length in SI measurement system.

Marilyn Manson (band)
Marilyn Manson is a rock band, also lead singer group.

Aubrey Beardsley
Aubrey Beardsley  was a illustrator.

Matrixory (physics)
Matrixory isory  all different known universes coming together into 4 dimensional world.

Odyssey
The "Odyssey" is, along with "Iliad", two major Greek epic poems traditionally said to be written by Homer.

Mae West
Mae West  was an actress movie star.

Lenny Bruce
Lenny Bruce , was an comedian.

Kimchi
Kimchi is a traditional food made from Chili vegetables.

Robert
Robert Bernard  is an film director.

Vietnams Memorial
The Vietnams Memorial, also called Wall, honors men women who died in Vietnam War.

Maya Lin
Maya Ying Lin  is a architect artist.

Manslaughter
Manslaughter is word killingonely but without meaning to do so.

Bangkok
Bangkok  is capital city countryd.

Silicosis
Silicosis is a disease that is caused byicles silica  getting trapped in lungs.

Torquay
Torquay  is a resort town in Devon in southwestd.

Andrew Sachs
Andrew Sachs  is a-born actor.

The Seven Samurai
"The Seven Samurai" is an important movie, written directed by Akira Kurosawa, released in 1954.

Vacuum tube
A vacuum tube  is an electronic device used in many older model radios, television sets, amplifiers.

Tupac Shakur
Tupac Amaru Shakur was a popular hip-hop artist, who sold many records.

Skagerrak
Skagerrak is a sea in northern Europe between Norway Denmark.

Kattegat
Kattegat is a sea in northern Europe between peninsulad, islandd,stern coast Sweden.

Baltic Sea
The Baltic Sea is a sea in northern Europe betweendinavia,d, Russia, Baltic countries,d,y.

Scandinavia
Scandinavia is ae peninsula in northern Europe at northern side Baltic Sea.

Marriage
Marriage is a union between a man a woman.

Minerva cars
In 1883 a young called Sylvain de Jong settled in Antwerp, Belgium.

E. B. White
Elwyn Brooks White  was an writer.

Raffles Institution (Secondary)
Raffles Institution is aary school in Singapore.

Archipelago
An archipelago  is a chain group islands.

Topography
Topography means "the description shape".

Bornholm
Bornholm is a, rocky island in Baltic Sea.

Budapest
Budapest is capital city Hungary.

Santa Monica, California
Santa Monica is a beach town in California.

Kuwait
Kuwait is a country  in Middle East.

Tiny Tim
Herbert Buckingham Khaury, better known as Tiny Tim , was an singer musician.

Kelvin
The kelvin  is SI unit temperature.

Tourism
Tourism can mean when people travel for fun, also industry that helpsse people.

Berkshire
Berkshire is a county in southd .

Buckinghamshire
Buckinghamshire  is a county in centrald, near south London.

Computer monitor
A computer monitor is an electronic device that shows pictures.

Diameter
In geometry, diameter a circle is its measurement from side directly to opposite side.

1813
Year 1813  was a year starting on Friday calendar .

Dominica
The Commonwealth Dominica is an island nation that is located in Sea, between French-speaking territories Guadeloupe Martinique.

404
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 350s 360s 370s 380s 390s - 400s - 410s 420s 430s 440s 450s Years: 399 400 401 402 403 - 404 - 405 406 407 408 409 .

Playing card
Playing cards is for 54 cards used in a lot games poker, bridge, blackjack, solitaire.

Emperor
An emperor is a male who rules an empire.

Palmdale, California
Palmdale is city in desert area California.

Fresno, California
Fresno is inland city in U.S.

Popeye
Popeye Sailor is popular cartoon characters all time.

Astrophysics
Astrophysics is study how stars planets work, how can learn aboutm.

Wordder
Wordder is a grammar.

George H. W.
George Herbert Walker  was President United States between 1989 1993.

Ohio
Ohio is 50 states in United States.

Boston, Massachusetts
Boston is capital city Massachusetts in United States.

Principle relativity
In Physics Aristotle, heavy objects fall faster than objects that are not heavy.

Special relativity
Special relativity  was developed published by Einstein in 1905 because he was unhappy with explanations electromagnetism in classical physics.

587
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 530s 540s 550s 560s 570s - 580s - 590s 600s 610s 620s 630s Years: 582 583 584 585 586 - 587 - 588 589 590 591 592 .

1191
Miscellaneous.

1984
"For book by George Orwell, see Nineteen Eighty-Four" .

Wombat
A wombat is a marsupial mammal, whichs family Vombatidae.

Newell Convers Wyeth
Newell Convers Wyeth  was an painter book illustrator.

Turkey (bird)
Turkeys are a family  bird.

Arachnology
Arachnology  is a science that studies arachnids.

Alabama
Alabama is a state in United States.

Arizona
Arizona is a state in United States America.

Bolivia
Bolivia is a country in South America.

Massachusetts
Massachusetts is a state in United States America.

Tallahassee, Florida
Tallahassee is capital city U.S.

Tom Skerritt
Thomas Alderton Skerritt  is an actor.

Trossingen
Trossingen is a town in Southy .

The Smurfs
The Smurfs are fictional little blue people who live in a forest created by Peyo, a cartoonist.

Istanbul
Istanbul  is city in Turkey, was capital city old Empire until 1923.

ABBA
ABBA became very popular aftery won Eurovision Song Contest in 1974.

Gregg
Gregg  is a rock musician.

Allman Brothers Band
The Brothers Bandre a Rock band in 1970s.

London Borough Hackney
The London Borough Hackney is a London Borough in north London.

John Frost Bridge
The John Frost Bridge at Arnhem was bombed after Operation Market Garden.

Vengaboys
The Vengaboysre a Dutch pop music group.

Pope Benedict XVI
Pope Benedict XVI was born in Marktl am Inn, Bavaria on April 16, 1927 as.

Guan Gong
Guan Gong, also known as Yu Yung  was a general who lived close to two thousand years ago in China.

Subsistence agriculture
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture  done by people who only grow enough food formselves.

River Clyde
The Clyde is a river ind.

Electric charge
Electric charge is a basic property electrons, protons other subatomicicles.

Silversword
The Silversword plant grows only at high elevations ond Maui in Hawaii.

Mr.
Mr.

Music video
A music video music clip is a movie that represents a song on a television screen.

Hip hop
Hip Hop is a type music which started in 1970s in  communities in cities United States.

Color blindness
Color blindness medically known as a colour vision deficiency is a blindness where people can not see colors veryll.

Sopron
Sopron is a city Hungary, located nearstern border Hungary with Austria, at foot Alps, 60 km from Vienna  220 km from Budapest.

Sumo
Sumo  is a sport from where heavy men try to push another a ring onto ground.

List districts
xGermany is administrative districts;se consist 301 rural districts , listed fully here, 112 urban districts  - cities which constitute a district inir own right .

Bremen (state)
Bremen is state iny.

Saxony-Anhalt
Saxony-Anhalt is ad  iny.

Erfurt
Erfurt is capital state Thuringia with an area.

Magdeburg
Magdeburg is capital state Saxony-Anhalt, iny.

Romance languages
Thece languages are a language family in Indo languages.

Stellar evolution
Stellar evolution is study how a star changes over time.

Genetics
Genetics is study how parents passir characteristics toir children.

Church Square Park
Church Square Park is ae park in Hoboken, New Jersey with many fields three playgrounds.

Supply
Supply is amount that is availablething based on a price.

Demand
Demand is how much is boughtthing based on a price.

Transaction
A transaction is wherething is bought, sold traded.

Encyclopædianica
The Encyclopædianica is a very, famous encyclopaedia.

Pipeline
A pipeline is a long tube, normally made metal.

Avocado
An avocado is a berry fruit.

Ice hockey
Ice hockey is a sport that is played by two teams on ice.

Virtues Harmony
"Virtues Harmony" was a sitcom that ran in Hong Kong from 2001 until February 2005.

Ashford
Ashford is a town in Kent ind.

Song
A song is a piece music which contains words.

Magnesium
Magnesium is a chemical element that is a type metal.

Dan Brown
Dan Brown  is an author .

Thurso
Thurso is a town in northd.

Penzance
Penzance  is a town in Cornwall,d.

Anglo-Saxon
Anglo-Saxonsre a tribeic people.

The Tonight Show
"The Tonight Show" is a popular late night television talk comedy show in United States.

January 17
January 17 is day in calendar system use.

Antoni Grabowski
Antoni Grabowski was a chemical engineer, an early supporterto movement.

Vessel
A vessel is a ship boat.

Fire
Fire is a chemical reaction that givesf light heat.

Five solas
In Europe in centuryre was a change in religion.

Göran Persson
Göran Persson  was Prime minister Sweden between 1996 2006.

Jane Fonda
Jane Fonda  is an actress political activist.

Doctor
A doctor isone who practices medicine to treat illnesses injuries.

Buffy Vampire Slayer
"Buffy Vampire Slayer" was an television series.

Vampire
Vampires are monsters in legends stories.

Degree
Degree generally means to have a level inthing.

Degree (school)
A degree is a document that a student receives wheny graduate from a school to show thaty completed allir classes.

High school
In United States, a high school is a school that students go to usually for grades 9 through 12.

Public school
In United States, Public schools are schools that are funded by government open to all students who live within a specific area without any charge.

Seoul
Seoul  is capital city South Korea.

Welfare state
Alfare state is where government has a duty to provide level basic support for its citizens.

Athlete (band)
Athlete are an band from South London.

Organic chemistry
Organic chemistry is a type chemistry that dealsly with carbon-based molecules.

Proton
A proton is an atom.

March 16
March 16 is day year in calendar .

Clint Eastwood
Clint Eastwood is an movie actor director.

Spaghetti
Spaghettisre a given to low-budget films, whichre made by movie companies in 1960s.

Disneyland
Disneyland is fourme parks around world.

Boroughs Berlin
The capital Berlin is boroughs .

Superhuman
Superhuman meansthing that is beyond people are naturally able to do.

Real Madrid C.F.
Real Madrid C.F.

Bigfoot
Bigfoot, also called Sasquatch, is a rarely-seen Primate living in United States Canada.

The Da Vinci Code
"The Da Vinci Code" is a 2003 book by an mand Dan Brown.

Peugeot
Peugeot is a French company.

Milton Keynes
is ae new town in ceremonialire,d.

Calais
Calais is a commune.

A Clockworkge
"A Clockworkge" is a violent 1962 science fiction book by Anthony Burgess about bitter future when mankind is recovering from Post Apocalyptic event which was used byley Kubrick for a 1971 movie.

False
False means untrue.

Marine biology
Marine biology is study any living plant animal in sea.

President Russia
The President Russia is political leader Russia.

Silvio Berlusconi
Silvio Berlusconi  is an politician, leader a right-wing coalitiond "Casa delle Libertà"  leader right-wingy "Forza Italia".

Burundi
Burundi is a country in Africa.

Espoo
Espoo is city ind.

Hospital
A hospital is a place a person goes to be healed when he she is sick injured.

Nose
A nose is a body which allows animals to smell things.

Love
Love is a very strong feeling affection.

Michael Jackson
Michael Joseph Jackson  is an pop singer, dancer, songwriter, record producer.

Graphics
Graphics are visual presentations on surface.

Pornography
Pictures, movies writing about sex aretimes called pornography .

Nudity
Nudity means nakedness.

Kingdom
A kingdom is a country with a king queen.

Protestantism
At is who does not follow Catholic beliefs.

Algiers
Algiers is capital city Algeria in northern Africa.

Arles
Arles is a city in southce.

Certificate
A certificate is a type an award that can be given to people.

Daily Mail
The Daily Mail is aell-known newspaper printed in Britain.

Rhineland-Palatinate
Rhineland-Palatinate  is 16 states y.

Rhine River
The Rhine River  has a length 1,320 km, 883 km can be used by ships.

Robber baron
The robber baron was used in centuries to describealthy men who lived ine castles along major transportation rivers, Rhine in Europe.

Winery
Wineries aree plantations built along fertile banks major rivers Rhine.

Sugar
Sugar  isthing that is food can be.

Canterbury
Canterbury is a city in Kent,d.

Huddersfield
Huddersfield is a town in northernd.

Anti-tank dog
Anti-tank dogsre dogs with explosives placed onir backs.

January 2
January 2 is day year in current calendar system use.

Eyeglasses
Eyeglasses are pieces glass clear plastic, called lenses, in a frame that holdsm in frontone's eyes.

Goa
Goa  is a state in Republic India.

Second language
Second language is a word given to a language that a person learns in addition toir language.

Ido
Ido is a planned language, a so-called reformedto, which was developed in 1907.

Javiera
Dr.

Paragraph
A paragraph is a group words put together to a group that is usually longer than a sentence.

Lansing,
Lansing is capital city U.S.

Parody
A parody is a special piece art.

Fact
A fact isthing that is true real,thing that can be shown to be true real.

Victim
Victim is a term a crime is committed against.

Culprit
A culprit is a person who commits a crime.

Shot put
Shot Put is an athletics sport where people try to "put" a heavyighted ball as far asy can.

Magic
Magic can mean many things.

Hitchhiking
Hitchhiking is a way that people can travel from place to another.

Owl
An owl is a bird.

Copyright infringement
Copyright infringement  is use material which is covered by copyright law, in a way that violatesiginal copyright owner's exclusive rights, such as right to reproduce perform copyrighted work, to make derivative works that build upon it.

International Women's Day
International Women's Day is celebrated every year on March 8.

May Day
May 1 is known in many countries as May Dayational Labor Day.

Beirut
Beirut is capitalon.

Nancy Ajram
Nancy Ajram Nancy Agram  is a popular Arab singer fromon.

Fairuz
Fairuz  November 21, 1935) is a singer.

Sword
A sword is a hand-heldapon made metal.

Moses
Moses was a leader in Bible is also important to jewish religion.

Canaan
Canaan was an ancient country, land his children by God in Bible.

Prophet
Prophets are people who are divine.

Cotopaxi
Mount Cotopaxi is a volcano in Ecuador.

Israelite
Israelite is a term to people from land Israel, when talking about ancient Biblical times.

January 14
It is celebrated as New Year's Day by still following calendar.

January 16
January 16 is day year in calendar system currently use.

Bali
Bali is an island in Indonesia.

Flag People's Republic China
The Flag China has star four stars on a red background.

The Prince
"The Prince" is a book written by Niccolò Machiavelli, who lived in city Florence in country Italy.

Round
"For 'round' in a musical sense see "Round " Round is a word to describething.

512
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 460s 470s 480s 490s 500s - 510s - 520s 530s 540s 550s 560s Years: 507 508 509 510 511 - 512 - 513 514 515 516 517 .

United Russia
United Russia  is a politicaly, which usually labels itself centrist.

Tiger
The tiger  is ae mammal.

Leopard
A leopard  is a feline genus "Panthera".

Jaguar
Jaguar  is ae feline that lives in South Central America.

Cheetah
A cheetah  is ae feline that lives in Africa.

Quartz
Quartz is a very common type mineral.

Pink Floyd
Pink Floyd was an rock band.

Pope John Paul I
Pope John Paul I was born on October 17, 1912 in Canale d'Agordo, Italy.

Ted Cassidy
Ted Cassidy  was an actor, he was probably famous for his roles as Lurch Thing on "The Addams Family".

Aileen Wuornos
Aileen Wuornos  was a serial killer, she 6 men was put to death for it.

January 26
January 26 is day year in calendar.

February 15
February 15 is day year in Calendar.

February 25
February 25 is day year in Calendar.

February 26
February 26 is day year in Calendar.There are 308 days remaining in year 309 in leap years.

February 27
February 27 is day year in Calendar.

February 28
February 28 is day year in calendar.

Crater
This article is about ae hole in ground.

March 1
March 1 is day year in calendar .

March 2
March 2 is day year in Calendar .

March 9
March 9 is day year in calendar .

March 10
March 10 is day year in calendar .

March 30
March 30 is day year in calendar .

March 27
March 27 is day year in calendar .

March 25
March 25 is day year in calendar .

March 23
March 23 is day year in calendar .

March 19
March 19 is day year in calendar .

March 15
March 15 is day year in calendar .

March 14
March 14 is day year in calendar  with 292 days remaining in year.

March 13
March 13 is day year in calendar .

March 12
March 12 is day year in calendar .

March 11
March 11 is day year in calendar .

April 3
April 3 is day year  in calendar.

April 25
is day year in Calendar .

May 17
Deaths.

Transgender
Transgender is a term people who may act, feel, think, look different from gender thatyre born with.

August 27
August 27 is day year in Calendar .

Noon
Noon is time exactly halfway through day, written 12.00 12:00 in 24-hour clock 12:00 pm in 12-hour clock.

24-hour clock
The 24-hour clock is a method telling time in which day runs from midnight to midnight is hours, numbered from 0 to 24.

Fifth Avenue
Fifth Avenue is ae street in New York City.

Yarm
Yarm is a town in North Eastd in Northire.

Ulster Volunteer Force
The Ulster Volunteer Force  is a Loyalist paramilitary  grouped in 1966.

1898
The year 1898 was a common year , began on a Saturday.

Spanish War
The War was a war fought between Spain United States America in year 1898.

Infection
Some diseases are caused by infection.

Minesweeper
Minesweeper is a strategy game that comes with Microsoft computer operating systems.

Fishing
Fishing is getting fish either for fun for sake having fish to eat.

Confederate States America
"Sometimes called CSA, for other uses see CSA" The Confederate States America was a-lived country that existed in southeastern North America during Civil War.

A Tale Two Cities
"A Tale Two Cities" is a famous book written by Charles Dickens that was published  in 1859.

Fiji
Fiji is a country in Pacific.

Fijian language
The language is a language.

Legend
Legends are usually very old stories with little no evidence to provem.

Fountain Youth
The Fountain Youth is a legendary spring.

Ho Chi Minh City
Ho Chi Minh City  is a city in south Vietnam.

Apricot
Apricot is a drupe fruit.

Contraction
A contraction is a word used instead two words toenm.

Tonga
Tonga is a country in Pacific.

Filippo Azzaiolo
Filippo Azzaiolo  was an composer.

November 17
Events.

December 17
Births.

February 29
February 29, bissextile day, is day a leap year in Calendar, with 306 days remaining.

Torah
Torah  is a Hebrew word that means "instructions".

2010s
The 2010s are a decade  that are in future.

Rainforest
A rainforest  is a tropical forest that gets a lot rain.

Welsh language
The language is ancient Celtic language Wales.

König vond
"König vond", in "Kingy", is a song by Rio Reiser.

Hesse
Hesse  is a statey.

Schleswig-Holstein
Schleswig-Holstein is northernmost 16 states iny.

Lower Saxony
Lower Saxony  is ad .

Mecklenburgia
Mecklenburgia  is 16 Statesy.

Thailand
Thailand, Kingdomd is a country in Southeast Asia.

Hoboken election 2005
The election was on May 10, 2005.

Hoboken, New Jersey
Hoboken is an city in state New Jersey.

1919
1919 is a normal year beginning with Wednesday.

Caffeine
Caffeine is a drug  that is found in plants.

Chicago, Illinois
Chicago is city in Illinois, USA.

Woodrow Wilson
Dr.

Brown
Brown is color that is made when gray black is mixed withange, red, rose .

Yoda
Yoda is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Magenta
Magenta is a color in between pink purple.

The Monkees
The Monkeesre a rock band.

Abu Dhabi
Abu Dhabi  is emirates that make up United Arab Emirates.

The Rolling Stones
The Rolling Stonesre are a very popular rock band thated in London,d in 1962.

Black Sabbath
Black Sabbath is a heavy metal band.

Watt
The watt  is SI unit power.

Koblenz
Koblenz is a city in northernd-Palatinate,y with about 107,000 inhabitants.

Delta (letter)
Delta , is letter Greek alphabet, "d" sound in Ancient Greek.

Elbe
The Elbe River  is major waterways central Europe.

Danube
The Danube is-longest river in Europe .

Main
The Main  is a river iny, 524 km in length, tributaries Rhine river.

Weser
The Weser is a river north-westerny.

Suicide
Suicide is when a person chooses to kill his her self.

Balkans
Thes is historic geographic a region southeastern Europe.

Bicentennial
A bicentennial is two hundredth yearthing.

Shropshire
Shropshire is a county ind.

Kermit Frog
Kermit Frog is a Muppet created by Jim Henson.

Cotton
Cotton is soft fiber that grows with seeds cotton plant.

Windows 1.0
Windows 1.0 was operating environments that used pictures instead text.

Hewlett-Packard
Hewlett Packard  is a computer technology company founded in 1939 by Bill Hewlett Dave Packard.

Eminem
Eminem   is a famous rap artist from Detroit.

Bratwurst
A bratwurst is a food.

Sexual intercourse
Sexual intercourse is humans animals do to make babies.

Guatemala
Guatemala is a country in Central America.

Tenochtitlan
Tenochtitlan was massive capital city Aztec empire, built around 1325.

Eurovision Song Contest
The "Eurovision Song Contest" is a song contest held in Broadcasting Union which started in 1956.

Malleability
Malleability is a physical property matter, usually metals.

Gay
Gay traditionally means 'happy,' but in it also means homosexual.

Potsdam
Potsdam is a city near Berlin.

Bremen
Bremen is a city in northy.

Wiesbaden
Wiesbaden is a city nearkfurt am Main.

Hanover
Hanover  is a city.

Düsseldorf
Düsseldorf is a city.

Mainz
Mainz is a city.

Kiel
Kiel  is a city in northy.

Fred Rogers
Fred Rogers , was an TV personality minister.

Explorer
An Explorer is a person who explores, looks forthing new.

Sri Yukteswar Giri
Sri Yukteswar Giri  was an guru swami.

Aleister Crowley
Aleister Crowley  was a mystic, occultist, writer, poet, mountain climber nicknamed "The Wickedest Man In World.".

Karlheinz Stockhausen
Karlheinz Stockhausen  was a composer.

WC Fields
WC Fields  was an comic actor.

Carl Gustav Jung
Carl Gustav Jung  was a Swiss psychiatrist writer.

Edgar Poe
Edgar Poe  was an writer.

Fred Astaire
Fred Astaire, born Frederick Austerlitz , was an actor dancer.

Game Boyce
The Game Boyce is a handheld video game console made by Nintendo which can play Game Boy games Game Boy Color games.

Amerie
Amerie   is an R&B singer.

Ben Stein
Ben Stein  is an attorney, political consultant, writer, actor, comedian, TV personality.

Angela Merkel
Dr Angela Dorothea Merkel  is a politician,cellory since 22 November 2005.

Chinese dragon
The dragon is a mythical animal.

Stevie Wonder
Stevie Wonder was born on May 13, 1950 in Saginaw,.

Littleton, Colorado
Littleton is a community in Colorado, near Denver.

Motown
"Motown" can also refer to city Detroit itself, to genre music made by artists listed above.

Mustelid
Mustelids are a family carnivorous mammals.

Vanilla Ninja
Vanilla Ninja is a music group made up four girlsd Lenna Kuurmaa, Katrin Siska, Piret Järvis ex - Triinu & Maarja Kivi The band has had popular songs in Europe was in Eurovision Song Contest 2005.

Haile Selassie I Ethiopia
Haile Selassie I Ethiopia  was Emperor Ethiopia.

Ethiopia
Ethiopia is a country in Horn Africa.

Utah
Utah is a state in United States.

The Times
"The Times" is aell-known newspaper.

The Bahamas
The Commonwealth The Bahamas is a group islands in West Indies.

Vanuatu
Vanuatu is a country in Pacific.

Stuff
Stuff is a mass items, matter, events.

Crayola
Crayola is brand crayons other writing drawing utensils, such as markers, chalk, colored pencils made by Binney & Smith Inc.

Ringo Starr
Ringo Starr  is a musician actor.

Oslo
Oslo is capital city Norway.

Lincoln Thompson
Lincoln Thompson  was a reggae musician, songwriter.

Tom Hanks
Tom Hanks  is an actor producer who is famous for playing a number different roles.

Sir Mix-A-Lot
Sir Mix-a-Lot  is an rapper producer.

Dick York
Dick York  was an actor.

James Earl Jones
James Earl Jones  is an actor voice artist.

Calvin Hobbes
"Calvin Hobbes" is a comic strip made by Bill Watterson about a boy called Calvin a stuffed tiger called Hobbes that Calvin thinks is a real tiger.

Tony Randall
Tony Randall  was an actor.

Lesbian
A lesbian is a homosexual woman.

Maine
Maine is northeast-most state in United States.

Niuatoputapu
Niuatoputapu is an island in Tonga.

Samoa
The Independent State Samoa is a country in Pacific.

Davy Jones (actor)
Davy Jones  is a singer actor.

Michael Nesmith
Michael Nesmith is an musician, songwriter, actor, producer, novelist, businessman philanthropist.

Peter Tork
Peter Tork is an actor musician.

Micky Dolenz
George Michael Dolenz , better known as Micky Dolenz is an actor, singer, director, voice artist.

Goldstar beer
Goldstar is an Israeli beer that has been brewed in Israel since 1950s.

Dominique de Villepin
Dominique Marieçois René Galouzeau de Villepin , simply known as Dominique de Villepin, was appointed Premier ce on May 31, 2005.

Francis Drake
Vice Admiral Sircis Drake  was an sailor explorer.

House Commons United Kingdom
The term House Commons is used by many countries to describeir parliament.

Wank
Wank is a mountain in Alps, by Garmisch-Partenkirchen iny, close to border.

1685
Year 1685 was a common year that started on a Monday when using calendar.

Hank Aaron
Henry Louis Aaron  is a baseball player.

Vishnu
Vishnu is three main gods in Hinduism.

Money laundering
Money laundering isthing criminals do to moneyy make from crime.

Zeus
Zeus is God Gods, ruler Mount Olympus in Greek mythology, Twelves.

Evolutionary biology
Evolutionary biology is a subfield biology that wonders about how species start change over time in other words, how species evolve.

Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla Firefox is a free open sourceb browser for computer, which uses Gecko rendering engine.

Lenny Kravitz
Leonard Albert "Lenny" Kravitz  is an singer, songwriter musician.

1900
Note that 1900 is actually last year century; 1901 is actual year century.

Birdbox
A birdbox is a little house for a bird.

Accent
An accent is way a person speaks.

Louis Braille
Louis Braille  was a French inventor who invented "Braille" system, which helps blind people read.

Marsupial
Marsupials are a type mammals.

B.J. Thomas
Billy Joe "BJ" Thomas  is a country singer.

Laws war
The Laws war are simple rules which people accept about fighting.

Maharashtra
Maharashtra is a state India.

Pete Best
Randolph Peter Best Pete Best was The Beatles'siginal drummer.

Dionne Quintuplets
The babiesre delivered by Dr.

All's Well That Ends Well
"All's Well That Ends Well" is a comedy play by William Shakespeare written between 1600 1605.

Christian Bale
Christian Charles Philip Bale  is a actor.

Eric Clapton
Eric Patrick Clapton , is an guitarist, singer composer.

Buenos Aires
Buenos Aires is capital city in South country Argentina.

Lyndon B. Johnson
Lyndon B.

Roman Catholic Church
The Catholic Church is groups, with over 1 billion people.

Villeneuve d'Ascq
Located between Lille Roubaix, at crossroads principal freeways towards Paris, Ghent, Antwerp Brussels, Villeneuve-d'Ascq  is principal cities metropolis Lille, ince Demography.

Hillary Rodham Clinton
Hillarye Rodham Clinton  is junior United States Senator from New York President-elect Barack Obama's nominee for United States Secretary State.

Andhra
Andhra is a state in Republic India.

Alberto Vargas
Alberto Vargas  was a-born painter, known for his pin-up paintings women.

George Lucas
George Walton Lucas, Jr.

Telugu
Telugu is an language spoken in southern India isficial language Andhra, India.

PlayStation 3
PlayStation 3 is Sony's video game console.

PlayStation 2
The PlayStation 2 is Sony's video game console.

Sony
Sony is a technology company, based in, which makes many electric products.

Xbox 360
The Xbox 360 is video game console released by Microsoft, after 2001's Xbox.

Xbox
An Xbox is a video game console.

Nintendo GameCube
The Nintendo GameCube is a video game console made by Nintendo.

Fangame
Fangames are computer games created by fans based on popular video games.

Wrocław
is city in Lower Silesia "" in southwestd.

Louo
Louis Vincento  was a very famous professional wrestler in 1980s.

Lip synching
Lip synching is when a person moves his her lips at same time as a recorded sound.

Faiths
Faiths was born ind, Florida on 10 June 1973.

Bacteria
Bacteria  are veryganisms .

International
International means between countries.

Barry Switzer
Barry Switzer  was an football coach.

Constant
A constant isthing, generally a number, that does not change.

Poker
Poker is a game which people play with a normal set  52 cards.

El Salvador
El Salvador is a country in Central America.

Isabelle Hainaut
Isabelle Hainaut  was a Queence.

Strawberry
A strawberry is a plant that grows fruit that people eat.

Paul Simon
Paul Simon  is an musician songwriter.

Shirley Jones
Shirley Jones  is an actress singer.

DeForest Kelley
Jackson DeForest Kelley  was an actor famous for his role as "Dr.

Scott Bakula
Scott Bakula  is an actor.

Forestry
HI EVERY BODY ITS ME GMAN117GMAN.

Kim Il-sung
Kim Il-Sung  was Communist leader  North Korea.

List United States soccer teams
Different levels men's soccer.

Oregon
Oregon is a state in United States.

Arkansas
Arkansas,times called "Land Opportunity" "The Natural State", is United States.

Robert Englund
Robert Englund  is an actor.

Henry IVce
Henry IVce  was born in Pau.

Margaret Valois
Margaret Valois  was a Princessce a member house Valois.

Queen Margot
"Queen Margot" is a book written in 1845 bydre Dumas, père.

Henrietta Mariace
Henrietta Mariace  was youngest daughter Henry IVce.

Madonna (entertainer)
Madonna Louise Ciccone , simply known as Madonna, is a popular singer, actress author books.

Tortilla
Tortillas are a flat bread made in cuisine.

Bit
A bit is a amountthing, such as a bit that is amount computer electronic information storage.

EastEnders
"EastEnders" is a television program in United Kingdom, that has been running since 1985, which has had over 4800 episodes.

Philip II Spain
Philip II Spain  was, starting in 1556, king Spain, Italy Burgundy,ds,che-Comté, Naples, overseas America.

William IId
William IId (c.

Mary Id
Mary Id , also known as Mary Tudor, was queend.

Edward VId
Edward VId  was Kingd Kingd from 28 January 1547 until his death.

Richard Id
Richard Id  was kingd from 1189 to 1199.

Jane Seymour
Jane Seymour (c.

Elizabeth York
Elizabeth York  married King Henry VIId in 1486.

Catherine Aragon
Catherine Aragon  was daughter Isabella I Castiled II Aragon.

Gregory Peck
Gregory Peck  was an actor.

Sin City
"Sin City" is title a number stories byk Miller, written in a comic book-style a movie that is based on books.

Brittany Murphy
Brittany Murphy  is an actress.

Evershot
Evershot is a village in county Somerset.

Copyleft
Copyleft is a for a type license.

Uruguay
Uruguay is a country in South America.

Minnesota
Minnesota is a state in north United States America.

Colorado
Colorado is a state United States.

Cairo
Cairo  is a city in Egypt.

Aerospace engineering
Aerospace engineering is word vehicles in air space.

Karnataka
Karnataka is a state within Republic India.

Norrland
Norrland is northernmost region Sweden.

Calgary, Alberta
Calgary is city in Alberta, Canada.

Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia is a province located on East Coast Canada.

Absolute zero
In physics, absolute zero is temperature whereicles matter stop moving.

Cylinder
A cylinder is a solid object that has a circular base a height.

Vacuum
A vacuum is a place wherere is no matter.

Catherine Howard
Catherine Howard  was wife Henry VIIId.

Anne Cleves
Anne Cleves  was wife Henry VIIId from January 1540 to July 1540.

Mary Tudord
Mary Tudor  was youngest daughter Henry VIId Elizabeth York.

Louis XIIce
Louis XIIce  was son Charles, Dukes Mary Cleves.

Louis XIIIce
Louis XIIIce was Kingce from 1610 to 1643.

Claudece
Claudece  was daughter Louis XIIce Anney.

Ladyordon
Ladyordon  was daughter Mary Tudor, Queence Charlesdon, Duke Suffolk.

Ladycesdon
Ladycesdon  was daughter Mary Tudord  Charlesdon, Duke Suffolk.

Henry IIce
Henry IIce  was a Kingce a member house Valois.

Francis Ice
Francis Ice  was a Kingce a member house Valois.

Madeleinece
Madeleinece  was daughtercis Ice Claudece.

Holyrood Abbey
Holyrood Abbey is in Edinburgh,d.

The Muppets
The Muppets are puppet characters created by Jim Henson.

Wilhelm IIy
Friedrich Wilhelm Viktor Albert von, Wilhelm II Prussiay,  was last Emperor last King Prussia, ruling from 1888 to 1918.

Catherine Medici
Catherine Medici  was wife Henry IIce.

Francis IIce
Francis IIce  was a Kingce a member House Valois.

Adelady
She lived long enough to see her son, Stephen, become Kingd, but died soon afterwards.

Stephend
Stephend (c.

Eleanor Aquitaine
Eleanor Aquitaine (c.

Johnd
Johnd  was son Henry IIdor Aquitaine.

Thirteen
Thirteen is number that is after twelve before fourteen.

Weekend
Theekend is a time when fewer people go to work school.

Alexandria
Alexandria  is ae city in Egypt.

Celtic League
The Celtic League is a group people from six modern Celtic nationsd,d, Wales,y, Cornwall Isle Man.

Oprah Winfrey
Oprah Gail Winfrey  is an businesswoman actress.

Kölsch (language)
Kölsch is a variety languages.

Past tense
The past tense is things that have already happened.

Freeview
Freeview is a free television service in United Kingdom, It is sent to people's home using a digital signal.

Mark Addy
Mark Addy  is an actor.

Tuba
The tuba is brass musical instruments.

Garden gnome
The garden gnomesre Kingdom in 1847 by Sir Charles Isham, when he brought 21 terracotta figures back from a trip toy placedm around gardens his home, Lamport Hall inire.

Kentucky
Kentucky is a state in United States.

Gary Busey
Gary Busey  is an actor.

Montana
Montana is a state in United States.

Sea
A sea is ae area salt water which is an ocean, ae, usually salt water, closed lake .

Wool
Wool is hair mammals.

Saw
A saw is a tool things.

Tennessee
Tennessee is a state in United States.

Connecticut
Connecticut is a state in United States.

Wyoming
Wyoming is a state instern United States.

Mississippi
Mississippi is states United States.

Delaware
Delaware is a state in United States.

Idaho
Idaho is a state in United States.

Manila
Manila is capital city Philippines.

The Hobbit
"The Hobbit", "There Back Again", is a book written by J.

The Lord Rings
"The Lord Rings" is a book written by J.

Extinction
Extinction is whenre is none a certain animal left.

Minehead
Minehead is a town in Somerset,d.

Hank Azaria
Hank Azaria  is an actor comedian.

Mexico City
Mexico City is capital city in Mexico.

John Hinckley
John Warnock Hinckley, Jr.

Tampico, Illinois
Tampico is a village in Whiteside County, Illinois.

Surface area
Surface area is amount space coveringside a three-dimensional  object.

Al Hirschfeld
Al Hirschfeld  was an cartoonist illustrator.

Mobile Army Surgical Hospital
A Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (or M.A.S.H.

Illinois
Illinois is a state in United States.

Seattle,ington
Seattle is city in U.S.

Kieferd
Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufusd  is all-known actor director.

Stirling
Stirling is a city in middled.

Tuvaluan language
Tuvaluan is an language spoken in Tuvalu.

Tokelau
Tokelau is an island group located in Pacific.

Socialist state
A Socialist state,times  known as a communist state, is a country that practices a government where property is owned by state.

Solitaire
Solitaire is a card game for player game using a deck playing cards.

Optics
Optics is science light how it interacts with world around us.

Václav Klaus
Václav Klaus  is president Czech Republic.

Barbrad
Barbrad  is an singer, actress, producer, director.

Jamaica
Jamaica is an island in.

Denver, Colorado
Denver is capital city in U.S.

Carl Lewis
Frederick Carlton "Carl" Lewis  is an track field athlete.

Pink
Pink is a pale reddish color.

Bleach
Bleach is a liquid that is used as a cleaner.

Polygon
A polygon is a closed two-dimensional shape.

Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan is a country in middle Eurasia.

Sign
A sign isthing that tellsone to do, showsmthing.

Barley
Barley is a type plant.

Mount Vesuvius
Mount Vesuvius  is a volcano in Italy.

1891
January - June.

Mineralogy
Mineralogy is study minerals, rocks.

Supermarket
Supermarkets aree grocery stores that sell ae variety fresh packaged food other consumer household products.

Ecuador
Ecuador is a country in South America.

Orlando, Florida
Orlando is ae city in center U.S.

Glossary
A glossary is a list wordsy mean.

Comedian
A comedian is a person who tells jokes, acts in comedies.

Turin
Turin is a major industrial city in northwest Italy.

Hobart
Hobart is a city in Australia.

New Testament
The New Testament is Bible, important religious writingity.

Gospel
The gospel is four books in Bible about Jesus Christ.

Palestine
Palestine is a region in Middle East, but not a country as it does not have its own land.

Paul Apostle
Paul Tarsus, also known as Saint Paul Apostle,  was a writer teacher.

Old Testament
The Old Testament is considered a holy book for both Jewss.

Painting
Painting is using colours to make art.

Horse
A horse is a mammal "Equidae" family.

Afterlife
The afterlife is people believe happens after death.

Prayer
Prayer is attempting to talk to God a supernatural being.

Book Genesis
Genesis is book Bible.

Joseph (Hebrew Bible)
In Bible, Joseph was a son Jacob.

Mary Magdalene
Mary Magdalene is a woman in all four gospels New Testament.

Witness
A witness isone who seesthing happen.

Corinth
Corinth is a city in Greece gave its to Corinth Canal in middle isthmus Corinth, which is a narrow strip land that joins peninsula with mainland Greece.

Cross
A cross is a symbol, which is things.

Peloponnese
The is ae peninsula in Greece.

Isthmus Corinth
The Isthmus Corinth is a narrow bit land which connects peninsula with mainland Greece.

Tripoli
Tripoli is a city in Libya.

Argos
Argos is a city in Greece.

Sparta
Sparta is a city in Greece.

Olympia
Olympia is a city in Greece.

Pyrgos
Pyrgos is a city in Greece.

Thessaloniki
Thessaloniki is a city in Greece.

Florina
Florina is a city in Greece.

Argolis
Argolis is 51 prefectures Greece.

Ilia
Ilia is 51 prefectures Greece.

Achaea
Achaea is 51 prefectures Greece.

Arcadia
Arcadia is 51 prefectures Greece.

Laconia
Laconia is 51 prefectures Greece.

Pella
Pella is 51 prefectures Greece.

Attica
Attica is 51 prefectures Greece.

Kastoria
Kastoria is a Greek city it is 51 prefectures Greece.

Kozani
Kozani is a city in northern Greece.

Magnesia
Magnesia is 51 prefectures Greece.

Messinia
Messinia is 51 prefectures Greece.

Chalcidice
Chalcidice is 51 prefectures Greece.

Euboea
Euboea is an island Greece, is also 51 prefectures Greece.

Grevena
Grevena is a Greek city it is 51 prefectures Greece.

Arta
Arta is a Greek city.

Trikala
Trikala is a Greek city it is 51 prefectures Greece.

Lesbos
Lesbos is 51 prefectures Greece.

Samos
Samos is a Greek island.

Evros
Evros is 51 prefectures Greece.

Evritania
Evritania is 51 prefectures Greece.

Cyclades
Cyclades is 51 prefectures Greece.

Serres
Serres is a Greek city it is also 51 prefectures Greece.

Kilkis
Kilkis is a Greek town it is 51 prefectures Greece.

Chania
Chania is a Greek city which is capitalia prefecture.

Xanthi
Xanthi is a Greek city its 51 prefectures Greece.

Batha
Batha is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Biltine Prefecture
Biltine is fourteen prefectures, areas, Chad.

Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti
Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Faya-Largeau
Faya-Largeau is city in northern Chad.

Chari-Baguirmi
Chari-Baguirmi is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Guéra
Guéra is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Kanem
Kanem is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Logone Occidental
Logone Occidental is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Logone Oriental
Logone Oriental is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Mayo-Kébbi
Mayo-Kébbi is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Moyen-Chari
Moyen-Chari is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Ouaddaï
Ouaddaï is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Salamat
Salamat is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Tandjilé
Tandjilé is fourteen prefectures Chad.

Abéché
Abéché is a city in Chad.

Mongo
Mongo is a city in Chad.

Ron Howard
Ronald William Howard  is an actor director.

Playboy
"Playboy" is a magazinely for men.

Larry David
Larry David  is an actor writer.

Pearl Harbor
Pearl Harbor is a naval base in U.S.

Amsterdam
Amsterdam is capital city in countryds.

Paraguay
Paraguay  is a country in South America.

Loch Ness
Loch Ness is a lake located inds northernd.

Gary Burghoff
Gary Burghoff  is an actor, artist, musician.

Fred Gwynne
Fred Gwynne  was an actor.

Cannabis
Cannabis   is a plant.

Nevada
Nevada is United States.

Comoros
The Union Comoros is a island nation located in between Madagascar mainland Africa.

Oat
Oats are a type cereal grain.

Kapingamarangi
Kapingamarangi is an atoll in Pacific.

Kiribati
Kiribati  is a country in Pacific.

Bisexuality
Bisexuality is when people love  both men women.

Barbados
Barbados is an island country in Sea.

Annie
Annie is a Broadway musical based onll-known comic strip "Little Annie".

James Taylor
James Taylor  is an singer songwriter.

Truro
Truro is capital Cornwall in Great Britain.

Sancisco, California
Sancisco is a city in state California.

Pelops
Pelops is a person from Greek mythology.

Job
A job is work that a person does to earn money.

Crop
Crops are food plants which are grown by farmers.

Proletariat
A proletariat  is a term commonly used by Communists, to describe class workers in an urban area, who work in service industry manufacturing industry.

Ohio River
The Ohio River is important tributaries to Mississippi River.

Croatia
Croatia is a country in Europe.

El Alamein
El Alamein is a town in Egypt.

Otis Redding
Otis Redding  was an singer songwriter.

Black Forest
The Black Forest  is a world famous forest in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Frankie Avalon
Frankie Avalon  is an actor singer.

Celebrity chef
A celebrity chef is a chef who isll known forir cooking,s food, style preparation.

Huntz Hall
Henry "Huntz" Hall  was all-known actor.

Robert Peel
Sir Robert Peel  was an important politician.

Herodotus
Herodotus Helicarnassus was an Ancient Greek historian who lived between 484 BC 425 BC.

Chinook
A chinook is a warmsterly wind thattimes flows over Canada's Rocky Mountains in winter.

Etoumbi
Etoumbi is a town in a Republic Congo called Cuvette-Ouest.

Chad
Chad ,ficially Republic Chad, is a landlocked country in central Africa.

Anal sex
Anal sex is a sex act with anus.

Honor
Honor  is a actress.

Hamlet
"The Tragedy Hamlet, Prince Denmark" is a play by William Shakespeare.

Director
A director isone who is in chargething.

Bias
Bias means that a person prefers an idea possibly does not give equal chance to a different idea.

Rear
The rearthing is backside tail-end it.

959
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 900s 910s 920s 930s 940s - 950s - 960s 970s 980s 990s 1000s Years: 954 955 956 957 958 - 959 - 960 961 962 963 964 .

Harpsichord
Harpsichords are keyboard instruments that produce sound by having strings plucked with a plectrum.

The Kingston Trio
The Kingston Trio was a folk music group from Palo Alto, California whore popular in 1950s 1960s.

The Passion Christ
"The Passion Christ" is title a movie that was produced directed by Mel Gibson based on sister Catherine Emmerich's visions.

Cavalry
Cavalry are soldiers who fight while riding horses.

Zachary Taylor
Zachary Taylor  was President United States.

Gianni Rodari
Gianni Rodari  - April 14, 1980 in Rome) was an writer.

Montgomery, Alabama
Montgomery is a city in state Alabama in United States.

Omaha, Nebraska
Omaha is a city in state Nebraska in United States.

Toledo, Spain
Toledo is a city in Spain with a population 75,000.

Tommy Tutone
Tommy Tutone was a 1980s pop music group.

Judas Priest
Judas Priest is an heavy metal group.

Palo Alto, California
Palo Alto is a city in state California that has a population about 55,000 people.

Everly Brothers
Phil Don Everly  February 1, 1937) are two brothers from U.S.

Willie Nelson
Willie Nelson  is an country singer songwriter.

Africa-Eurasia
Africa-Eurasia, Afro-Eurasia, is a supercontinent world's landmass.

Cemetery
A cemetery a graveyard is a place  where people bury dead bodies honor dead people.

Linda Blair
Linda Blair  is an actress.

David Crosby
David Vand Crosby  is an musician.

Paul Harvey
Paul Harveydt  is an radio host.

Carbon dioxide
Carbon dioxide  is a gas.

Intermission
An intermission interval is a break in a performance.

David Duchovny
David Duchovny  is an actor.

Laramie, Wyoming
Laramie is a city in U.S.

Black Death
The Black Death Black Plague was an epidemic  that killed millions people.

Liverpool, Merseyside
Liverpool is a city in Merseyside,d.

Serfdom
Serfdom is a legal economic system.

Refrigerator
A refrigerator is a machine for keeping things cold.

Janis Ian
Janis Ian  is an singer.

Vilnius
Vilnius  is capital cityia.

Fungus
A Fungus  is a livingganism which is not a plant an animal a protist a eubacteria an archaebacteria.

Guernsey
Guernsey is an island innelf coastdy.

Pottery
Pottery is art ceramics .

Screenwriter
A screenwriter is a person who writes screenplay  for a movie television show - that is, a screenwriter writes words that actors actresses speak.

Sacramento, California
Sacramento is capital U.S.

Alexander Scriabin
Alexander Scriabin   was a famous composer pianist.

Robert Mugabe
Robert Gabriel Mugabe KCB  has been President Zimbabwe since 1987.

Guyana
The Co-operative Republica is a country in South America.

Sen no Rikyu
Sen no Rikyu is a person who established tea ceremony.

Oscar Wilde
Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde  was an playwright.

U2 (band)
U2 is an rock band.

Bono
Paul David Hewson, better known as Bono  is an musician, known as singer for rock band U2.

Adam Clayton
Adam Clayton  is bassist for rock band U2.

The Edge
David Howells , more widely known as The Edge, is an-born musician.

Larry Mullen Jr.
Larry Mullen Junior  is an drummer.

Mariah Carey
Mariah Carey  is a popular musician, singer songwriter.

Andrology
Andrology is study male health, especially male sexualgans reproduction.

Herbert Hoover
Herbert Clark Hoover , president United States from 1929–1933.

James A. Garfield
James Abram Garfield  was  President United States President to be assassinated .

Robert Reed
Robert Reed  was an actor.

Dishwasher
The word dishwasher means either person who washes  dishes a machine that does same thing.

John Quincy Adams
John Quincy Adams  was President United States President who was son a President, John Adams.

Peter Fonda
Peter Fonda  is an actor.

Dennis Hopper
Dennis Hopper  is a actor movie-maker.

Todd Rundgren
Todd Rundgren  is an singer, songwriter, record producer.

Al-Qaeda
al-Qaeda  is a worldwide militant Islamic terroristganization.

Tallinn
Tallinn is capital Estonia.

Lombardy
Lombardy is a region in northern Italy.

Regions Italy
Italy is a country in south Europe.

Vladimir Nabokov
Vladimir Nabokov , 1899, died July 2, 1977) was a author.

Abingdon-on-Thames
Abingdon is a town ind.

Yeadon
Yeadon is a town near Leeds ind.

Georgeington Carver
Georgeington Carver (c.

Julian calendar
The calendar is a calendar that was invented by Julius Caesar, leader Ancient Rome, in 46 BC.

Gregorian calendar
The calendar is calendar that is used throughout world.

Southern Hemisphere
The Hemisphere is half Earth that is south equator.

Sufism
Sufism is mystic path Islam.

Dove
A dove pigeon is a bird family "Columbidae".

Antonio Prohias
Antonio Prohias  was a-born cartoonist.

Chancellor
Iny Austria,cellor is leader government.

MUD
In terms computer games, a MUD  is a mulitplayer online game based on telnet protocol, is completely text-based.

Ulysses S.t
Ulysses S.

Grenada
Grenada is an island nation in Sea that received its independence from United Kingdom in 1974.

Accrington
Accrington is a town inire,d.

Yateley
Yateley is a town ind, located 35 miles southst London, in North Eastire, on borders withire Surrey.

Stratford-upon-Avon
Stratford-upon-Avon is a town ind.

Pune
Pune is a city in India.

Beer (Devon)
Beer is a village in Devon,d.

Fly
A fly  is a insect.

Tonne
A tonne metric ton is a unit to measure mass.

Dhikr
The Arabic word Dhikr means "remembrance".

Jockey
A jockey is a person who rides horses in horse races.

George Lazenby
George Lazenby  is an-born model actor.

Cone
In common speaking geometry, a cone is a solid object that gets when rotates a right triangle around its two sides, cone's axis.

Ice cream
Ice cream is a frozen dessert made from cream, with added flavors sweeteners.

Grace Coolidge
Grace Coolidge  was First Lady United States.

Blacksmith
A blacksmith is a person who works with iron steel.

Caracas
Caracas is capital city Venezuela.

Homestar Runner
Homestar Runner, also called H*R, is anet cartoon that is made using Macromedia.

Horst Köhler
Horst Köhler  became president Federal Republicy July 1, 2004.

2012
2012 is a year in century.

John Williams
John Towner Williams  is an composer conductor; he is scores  for movies such as "Jaws", "Star Wars", "Superman", "E.T.", "Indiana Jones", "Home Alone", "Jurassic Park" "Harry Potter".

Superman
Superman is a famous comic book character.

Camellia
"Camellia" is a genus flowering plants in family Theaceae, native to eastern southern Asia from Himalaya east to Indonesia.

Exponentiation
Exponentiation  isthing which is done on numbers.

Sega
Sega  is a company that makes video games.

Primary school
In United States, a primary school is same thing as elementary school.

Restaurant
A restaurant is a place where food is sold to public.

Skimmed milk
Skimmed milk , skim milk  is made when all cream  is removed from whole milk.

Chocolate
Chocolate is a flavoring made from seeds a cacao tree.

Northumberland
Northumberland is a county ind.

Violin
The violin is a string instrument that is played with a bow.

Railway station
A train station railway station  is a place where passengers can get onf trains/ors may be loaded unloaded.

Railway track
A railway track railway line is a set two parallel rows long pieces iron.

Rail transport
Rail transport is movement passengerss using wheeled vehicles on railway tracks.

Waterway
A waterway is any body water that can be by people in boats.

Junction
A junction is any place where two things, especially roads railway tracks, meet.

James Brown
James Brown  was an R&B funk singer.

Aldous Huxley
Aldous Leonard Huxley  was a writer half century.

Dylan Thomas
Dylan Marlais Thomas  was a poet.

Leo Gorcey
Leo Gorcey  was an actor.

Indiana
Indiana is a state in United States.

Marun Field
The Marun field is ae oil field in.

Grey Wolf
The Grey Wolf Gray Wolf , also known as timber wolf simply wolf, is a mammalder Carnivora.

Frank Lampard
Frank James Lampard, Jr.

Swaziland
Swaziland is a country in Africa.

Liberia
The Republic Liberia is a country in West Africa that has been gravely affected in recent years by two civil wars.

Central Republic
Central Republic C.A.R is a country in central Africa.

Kim Jong-nam
Kim Jong-nam  is oldest son Kim Jong-il, leader North Korea say he is his father.

Western Sahara
Western Sahara is a country in Africa.

Tunis
Tunis  is capital city Tunisia.

Mozambique
Mozambique is a country in Africa.

Dian Fossey
Dian Fossey  was an zoologist.

Maryland
Maryland is a state in midtic region United States America.

Billy Paul
Billy Paul  is an R&B singer.

Rita Coolidge
Rita Coolidge  is a Native singer.

Carole Bayer Sager
Carole Bayer Sager  is an songwriter singer.

Elvis Costello
Elvis Costello  is a singer songwriter.

The Cure
The Cure are a goth rock band.

Crawley
Crawley is a town in West Sussex,d, near to Gatwick Airport.

Blue Öyster Cult
Blue Öyster Cult is a psychedelic rock band thated in Longd, New York in 1967.

Steppenwolf
Steppenwolf is a rock banded in Los Angeles in 1967.

Creedence Clearwater Revival
Creedence Clearwater Revival was a rock band from California, United States.

Ferret
A ferret, domestic ferret , is a animal from Mustelidae family.

Three Dog Night
Three Dog Nightre a popular rock band from late 1960s early 1970s.

Grand Funk Railroad
Grand Funk Railroadre an rock group from Flint,.

Sweet (band)
Sweet aka The Sweetiginally Theopre an glam rock band,yre famous for songs "Ballroom Blitz", "Little Willie", "Fox on Run" "Love is Like Oxygen".

Prince (musician)
Prince Rogers Nelson   is an singer musician.

Duane Eddy
Duane Eddy  was Grammy Award-winning rock guitarist.

Nurse
A nurse is a person who is care  to people who are sick injured.

Violent Femmes
The Violent Femmes are a rock group.

Ozzy Osbourne
Ozzy Osbourne  is a heavy metal singer.

Dinah Shore
Dinah Shore  was an singer host her own talk show.

Bryan Adams
Bryan Adams OC, OBC,  is a rock singer-songwriter photographer.

Johnny Horton
John Gale "Johnny" Horton  was an country singer.

Roy Orbison
Roy Orbison  was an singer.

Taylor Dayne
Taylor Dayne  is an singer.

Stephen Stills
Stephen Stills  is an singer songwriter.

SpongeBobts
"SpongeBobts" is an animated television series created by Stephen Hillenburg for Nickelodeon cable television network.

Paul & Paula
Paul & Paula  are a One-hit wonder group known forir song "Hey Paula".

Seafood
Seafood is food made from fish other sea animals .

Peer review
Peer review is a process used when publishing documents in scientific papers where work is reviewed by author's peer group .

Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico, also known as Commonwealth Puerto Rico, is a territory colony United States in Sea.

Jonathan Ke
Jonathan Ke  is a child actor.

Pilgrimage
A pilgrimage is when people travel to a place worship that is usually far away.

1703
The year 1703  started on a Monday, .

Watermelon
A watermelon is a type edible fruit.

Black Sea
The Black Sea is a sea surrounded by land.

Monrovia
Monrovia is capital Liberia.

Paul Anka
Paul Anka  is a-born singer songwriterigin.

Neil Young
Neil Percival Young  is a musician.

The Hitchhiker's Guide to Galaxy
"The Hitchhiker's Guide to Galaxy" is a science fiction comedy series by Douglas Adams.

Cookbook
A cookbook, cookery book, is book that tells people how to prepare food for eating using specific instructions.

Somalia
Somalia is a country in East Africa.

Melc
Melvin Jeromec  was a famous voice artist.

ConAgra Foods, Inc.
ConAgra Foods, Inc.

IPod
The iPod is a range portable music players made by company Apple Inc.

Costa Rica
The Republic Costa Rica is a country in Central America which has enjoyed a long period peace since its 1948 civil war.

Wisconsin
Wisconsin is a state in United States.

Odia Coates
Odia Coates  was an singer.

Amyt
Amy Leet  is an singer.

Dalida
Dalida   was an-born/French singer actress.

The Bangles
The Bangles are an all-female rock band.

Britcom
A Britcom is for Sitcom.

Kris Kristofferson
Kris Kristofferson is an singer, songwriter, actor.

Mathematical constant
A mathematical constant is a number, which has a special meaning for calculations.

Leaning Tower Pisa
Theing Tower Pisa is a building in Pisa, Italy.

Tower
A tower is a tall building.

Tel Aviv
The city Tel Aviv-Yafo  is a municipality in Israel,ten just called Tel Aviv.

Trigonometry
Trigonometry  is a elementary mathematics dealing with angles, triangles trigonometric functions such as sine , cosine  tangent .

Monotheism
Monotheism is belief in only god, rather than two more, which would be polytheism.

Polytheism
Polytheism means believing in many gods.

Nelvana
Nelvana is an animation studio that was founded in 1971 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Michael, Patrick Loubert, Clive A.

Jeb
Jeb  was aor Florida.

Auckland
Auckland is city in Newd.

Capitalism
Capitalism is a economic system where things  are owned by people an individual, not by a government communities.

Ghana
The Republica  is a country in West Africa.

Strawberry Shortcake
2000s revival.

Christina Aguilera
Christina Maria Aguilera ,times known under stage Xtina is an pop singer song-writer.

Chicken
A chicken  is a domesticated bird.

Handheld
A handheld is an object that can be picked up using a hand.

Floppy disk
The floppy disk  is a magnetic storage medium mainly laptops.

Nat King Cole
Nathaniel Adams Coles, professionally known as Nat King Cole,  was an jazz musician, singer songwriter.

Voice America
The Voice America  isficial broadcasting service United States government.

Georgewin
Georgewin  was an composer.

Aarond
Aarond  was an composer who wrote modern music.

Diphthong
A Diphthong  is a vowel sound that a person has to move his her mouth into two different positions to make.

The Price is Right
"The Price is Right" is a game show on United States television network CBS.

Monophthong
A monophthong  is simply a vowel.

Kalua
Kalua is a cooking method.

Ultraviolet
Ultraviolet is a color light which is invisible to people, but can be recognized by many animals,ly insects, reptiles, birds.

Ornithology
Orinithology [or-ni-thall-e-gee] is study birds.

Rod Stewart
Rod Stewart  is a pop singer.

Sean Connery
Sir Thomas Connery  is a actor.

The Specials
The Specialsre an new wave/ska band.

KC &ine Band
KC & Theine Band was a disco group, that was popular in 1970s.

Roberta Flack
Roberta Flack  is an R&B singer.

Arad,ia
Arad  is capital city Arad County, insternia, in Crişana, Ardeal.

Transsexual
Transsexualism is identifying with a sex gender role other than that was set for an individual at birth.

Pianist
A pianist is a person who plays piano.

Telephone book
A telephone book is a book that has lists phone numbers people businesses.

French dip sandwich
The French dip sandwich is a popular dish.

Coventry
Coventry is a city metropolitan borough in Westds county ind.

Billy Preston
Billy Preston , is an R&B musician.

Pop
A pop is an onomatopoeic term for a quick sharp explosion.

Computer virus
Computer viruses are  computer programs.

Hades
Hades is a god in Greek mythology, Twelves.

Superlative
In, superlatives can beed by adding -EST to an existing adjective, fluffiest, craziest coldest.

Learning disability
People with learning disabilities, also called learning difficulties, are people who find it hard to gain knowledge understanding.

Wheelbarrow
A wheelbarrow is a vehicle that is built to be pushed around with a load.

Cold
Cold is a measurement temperature that describes a lack heat.

Electrical conductivity
Electrical conductivity is a measure howll a material accommodates transport electric charge.

Pierre Omidyar
Pierre Omidyar  created is now chairman eBay.

Caribert Laon
Caribert Laon, son Martin Laon, was grandfather Charlemagne.

First Lady United States
The First Lady United States is wife President United States.

Star Wars
"Star Wars" is a series science-fiction movies by George Lucas.

Korean language
The language isficial language North Korea South Korea.

Kansas
Kansas is states in United States America.

James
James  was President United States.

Hand
A hand is body at end an arm.

Rule
Whenthing always does same thing, can say thatre is a rule that it does it does.

Neurobiology
-Why feel emotionss brain causese emotions.

Bahrain
The Kingdom Bahrain is an island nation in Gulf .

William Christopher
William Christopher was born on October 20, 1932 inston, Illinois.

Boxers
Boxerss are men's underwear.

Compact disc player
A CD player is a device that can read data on a CD , make it into binary information, turn that into sound waves.

Fluid dynamics
Fluid Dynamics talks about how fluids  work.

Ernest Hemingway
Ernest Miller Hemingway  was an writer.

MSN
"MSN" , is ab portal .

Reed
A reed is a piece dry bamboo that is used in musical instruments such as saxophones, clarinets oboes.

Nuuk
Nuuk  is capitald.

Lumberjack
A lumberjack is a person who cuts down trees to be made into lumber.

Muhammad
Muhammad  (c.

Fordg
The Fordg is a very popular car.

Red Hat Linux
Red Hat Linux was a Linux operating system.

Sacavém
Sacavém is a city in Portugal, near capital Lisbon.

Shooter
A shooter is a video game.

Sushi
is a food.

The Thinker
The Thinker  is a famous bronze statue made by sculptor Auguste Rodin, which portrays a man sitting thinking with his arm bends on his knee his chin on his hand.

Nazko Cone
Nazko Cone is a volcano in central Columbia, Canada.

Anahimic Belt
The Anahimic Belt is a nearly east-west line volcanoes stretches fromst coast Columbia, Canada, just north Vancouverd, reaches into Interior Plateau near Quesnel.

Chilcotin Plateau Basalts
Chilcotin Plateau Basalts is an area in Columbia flows melted rock, called lava magma, about 150 km from ocean.

Garibaldiic Belt
The Garibaldiic Belt is northern extension Cascadeic Belt in northwestern United States contains explosive eruptions in Canada.

Mount Garibaldi
Mount Garibaldi is an eroded, dacitic strato volcano in southwestern Columbia.

Mount Meager
Mount Meager is a potentially active volcano in province Columbia, Canada, 150 kilometers north Vancouver.

Metaphysics
Metaphysics is a branch philosophy is study world.

Washington
Washington is 50 states in United States America.

Clematis
Clematis is a genus plants, that is widely known for its flowers.

Rational number
In mathematics, a rational number is a number that can be written as whole number divided by another whole number.

St. Patrick's Day
Saint Patrick's Day is feast day Saint Patrick, patron saintd.

Edgar Cayce
Edgar Cayce , known as "The Sleeping Prophet" "America's Greatest Mystic", is America's famous psychics.

Hibiscus syriacus
Hibiscus syriacus is common flower trees found in gardens.

Hibiscus
Hibiscus rosemallow is a genus plants with a flower fresh colors.

Maceió
Maceió is capital Alagoas, a state in Northeast Brazil.

Alagoas
Alagoas is a coastal state in Northeast Region Brazil.

René Descartes
René Descartes  was a famous French philosopher physicist.

Tanzania
Tanzania is a country in Africa.

Kingdom Great Britain
The Kingdom Great Britain, also known as United Kingdom Great Britain, was a state in Europe, in existence from 1707 to 1800.

Ford Model T
The Ford Model T was an car built between 1908 1928 by Ford Motory Detroit,.

Volkswagen
Volkswagen is a car company fromy.

Toyota
Toyota Motor Corporation   , , , is an automobile maker in.

Interpreter
An interpreter is a person who works with translating communicating in different languages.

Horseshoe
Horseshoes are things worn by horses to protectir feet wheny walk - a shoe.

Carlos Menem
Carlos Saúl Menem  was president Argentina from July 8, 1989 to December 10, 1999.

Buenos Aires Province
The Buenos Aires Province is,althiest, populated province Argentina.

Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
The Broadcasting Corporation, CBC, is a national television radio company in Canada.

Romeo Juliet
"Romeo Juliet" is a play written by William Shakespeare, published in an incomplete in 1597.

Bazn
Mark Anthonyn Bazn  is a flamboyant movieatre director.

Rock roll
Rock Roll is a rock music is a popular music developed in 1950s 1960s.

Thomas Edison
Thomas Alva Edison  was an inventor, who invented many things.

Diabetes mellitus
Diabetes means a disease where people have too much sugar inir blood.

18th century
The century is century from 1701 to 1800.

17th century
The century is century from 1601 to 1700.

Victor Hugo
Victor Hugo  was important romantic writer French language.

FIFA World Cup
The FIFA World Cup is important competition in sport soccer football .

Jakarta
Jakarta  is capital city Indonesia.

Comedy Central
Comedy Central is an cable television channel that specalises in showing comedy humorous TV shows movies, asll as stand-up comedy.

Apron
An apron is a protective piece clothing made from fabric  that covers front body.

Pearl Jam
Pearl Jam is an alternative rock band.

Social Distortion
Social Distortion is a punk/alternative group.

Andy Gibb
Andy Gibb  was a pop singer popular in 1970s.

INXS
INXS is an new-wave rock band.

Chicago (band)
Chicago is an soft rock / jazz group, from Chicago, Illinois.

The Turtles
The Turtlesre a 1960s pop group from Los Angeles, California.

Strawberry Alarm Clock
Strawberry Alarm Clock was a psychedelic pop band thated in Los Angeles, California in 1966.

Donovan
Donovan Phillips Leitch  is a-born pop singer guitarist, who was popular in 1960s.

Frisian language
A isone who lives ind.

Smashing Pumpkins
Theing Pumpkins are an influential alternative rock band early 1990s.

Tool (band)
Tool is an progressive metal band.

Death (band)
Death was ever death metal bands in North America.

Mötley Crüe
Mötley Crüe is a hair/glam metal band from Los Angeles, California, USA,ed in 1981 by 4 members: Vince Neil , Mick Mars , Nikki Sixx , Tommy Lee .

Radio control
Radio control is a way making models cars, boats, helicopters airplanes move onir own reals.

Tucumán Province
Tucuman is province Argentina.

Duran
Duran is a pop group.

Peter
Peter  was a reggae musican.

Billy Joel
Billy Joel  is a famous singer songwriter.

Lakece
Lake Constace Lakece  is ae Lake on river Rhine.

Samurai
The samurai, alsod bushi,re members military class.

The Republic
The Republic is a book by Plato, it was finished in 390 BC.

Aesthetics
Aesthetics is a branch Philosophy.

Wes Craven
Wes Craven was born August 2, 1939 ind, Ohio.

Earth, Wind & Fire
Earth, Wind & Fire are an funk group.

The Kinks
The Kinks are a rock band.

Diesel engine
The diesel is given to an engine invented by ad Rudolfl in late century.

Megabyte
A megabyte is ae number used when talking about hard drives computer memory.

Waffle
A waffle is a cooked food made from a batter that consists flour, water, baking powder, oil, eggs.

Stargard Szczeciński
Stargard Szczeciński  is a town inia, northwesternd, with 71,400 inhabitants .

Disney
Disney is also a town in Oklahoma a street in London.

Ruby slippers
Ruby slippers are red shoes that are worn by character Dorothy  in movie "The Wizard Oz".

Pope John XXIII
The Blessed Pope John XXIII , born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli , was Pope Catholic Church from 1958 until his death in 1963.

Beauty
Beauty is a property certain things.

2020s
The 2020s is a decade  that is in future.

Guitar
The guitar is string instrument which is played by plucking strings.

Guitarist
A guitarist is a person who plays guitar.

British Sea Power
British Sea Power is an indie rock band from Cumbia,d.

Jimmy Eat World
Jimmy Eat World is an alternative rock band.

Phish
Phish is a hippie/jam band.

Green Day
Green Day is an rock band trio thated in 1987.

Live album
A live album is an album that has live songs.

Album (disambiguation)
An album has a few meanings.

LP
An LP, long play record, is a plastic disc with little lines called grooves that go around middle.

Marvin Gaye
Marvin Gaye  was an soul R&B singer songwriter who found international fame as an artist recording on Motown label during 1960s 1970s.

Masturbation
Masturbation is act a person touchingir own genitals .

Animation
Animation is a way making a movie from many still images.

Confucius
Confucius   was an important educator philosopher.

Consciousness
Consciousness means being awake, alert responsive with environment.

Architect
An architect is a person who designs buildings prepares plans to give to a builder.

La Jolla, California
La Jolla is a town inside city San Diego, in state California, in United States.

Arch
An arch is an opening in a building that is curved on top.

Vagina
The vagina is a female human body.

Breast
The breasts are an important female body.

Thumb
The thumb is five fingers on human hand.

Pregnancy
Pregnancy is when a female has an unborn baby inside her.

Forest
A forest is an area land with many trees.

Barber
A barber isone who cuts hair shaves beards.

Carpenter
A carpenter is a person who works with wood.

Electrician
An electrician is a person who fixes wires switches in a building so that lightslets work right way.

Roof
A roof is top building.

Brick
A brick is a man-made building material walls make places to walk.

San Diego, California
San Diego is city in U.S.

Oriole
The Old Worldiole just Oriole is a bird in family "Oriolidae".

Feather
Feathers are things which cover birds.

Mary-Kate Ashley Olsen
Mary-Kate Olsen Ashley Fuller Olsen  are twin actresses who have been seen in movies on television series sinceyre nine months old.

The Walt Disneyy
The Walt Disneyy, commonly nicknamed Disney, is entertainment media companies in world.

Hypercholesterolemia
Hypercholesterolemia means that cholesterol level is too high in blood.

Cholesterol
Cholesterol is a molecule that is found in cells.

Iowa
Iowa is a state in United States.

Gender identity
In sociology, gender identity describes gender that a person identifiesmselves with , but can also be to gender that other people apply to individual based ony know from gender role indications .

America's Army
"America's Army" is a multiplayer-person shooter computer game series.

Heterosexuality
Heterosexual people love people  opposite sex.

Hate crime
A hate crime is whenone hurts another person because prejudice against a group victim belongs to.

Gay-bashing
Gay bashing is a type hate crime.

Emergency medicine
Emergency Medicine is a specialty medicine.

Berkeley, California
Berkeley, California is a city in U.S.

Medical specialty
Medicine is a very complex field.

Pediatrics
Pediatrics is specialty medicine that cares for infants children.

Jenna
Jenna Welch was born November 25, 1981.

Uncyclopedia
Uncyclopedia is absite parody Wikipedia founded byg "stillwaters".

Barbara Pierce
Barbara Pierce was born November 25, 1981 at Baylor University Medical Center in Texas.

Esperanto
Esperanto is a special language that was made to be very easy to learn.

Barbara
Barbara  is wife George H.

Kadis-kot
Kadis-kot is a fictional board game in TV show "Star Trek".

Kenny Rogers
Kenny Rogers  is a Grammy Award winning country music singer songwriter.

Moundou
Moundou is capital Logone Occidental in Chad.

Andrewn
Andrewn Andreasn  was a teacher law.

Heart (band)
Heart is a rock band from Seattle,ington from 1973.

Golden Earring
Golden Earring is a Dutch rock band, founded in 1961 in The Hague as Golden Earrings .

Rick Springfield
Rick Springfield  is an musician actor.

Anus
The anus is hole in human body that is between buttocks.

Orgasm
Angasm is a sexual climax peak.

Prostate
The prostate is a gland male body that adds fluid to semen, stops males from urinating while sexually aroused.

Fossil
A fossil is remains, tracething that was once alive, but is now long-gone dead.

Nine Inch Nails
Nine Inch Nails, NIN, is a famous industrial rock band.

Remixing
In remixing, a person  takes a familiar song, splits it into differents called "tracks", changes song's music, instruments, layout, vocals to create a new version same song.

H. P. Lovecraft
Howard Phillips Lovecraft  was an author fantasy, horror science fiction.

Hormone
Hormones are biological chemicals that are found in plants animals.

Testosterone
Testosterone is anrogen sex steroid hormone.

Infectious disease
An infectious disease is a disease sickness that happens when anganism  is attacked by a pathogen.

Patio
A patio is a paved area in a gardenten relaxingside.

Cholera
Cholera is an infectious disease.

Mandriva Linux
Mandriva  is a Linux distribution.

Action
An action isthing that a person does.

Xiangqi
Xiangqi is a chess that started in China.

Governor
A governor is leader a state.

Republican Party (United States)
The United States Party is two politicalies in United States America.

United States Democratic Party
The U.S.

Taste
Taste is five senses.

Touch
Touch  is five senses that animals have.

Classical mechanics
Mechanics is a physics.

Moai
Moai  MO-EYE) are stone statues on Easterd.

Diogenes Sinope
Diogenes Sinope  was an Ancient Greek philosopher.

Vaccination
Vaccination means givingone a substance that makes an immune system reaction.

Vice President United States
The Vice President United States America is-in-command to President.

Dick Cheney
Richard Bruce "Dick" Cheney  is current Vice President United States America.

Toad Wet Sprocket
Toad Wet Sprocket is a folk/pop group from U.S.

Boyz II Men
Boyz II Men is an boy band from Philadelphia,ia.

Johnny
John Lester "Johnny" Jr.

Linda Ronstadt
Linda Ronstadt  is an singer.

Heart
The heart is angan in body.

Heart disease
Heart disease is a general term that means that heart is not working normally.

North Dakota
North Dakota is United States.

LGBT
LGBT is an acronym.

Rainbow flag
The rainbow flag is a multi-colored flag consisting stripes in colors rainbow that is displayed in many cultures around world as a sign diversity inclusiveness.

Dualism
Dualism is ideaory thatthing  is split into twos.

Vomit
Vomiting, also called puking, is emptying contents stomach through mouth.

Ancient Greece
Ancient Greece was ae area where people spoke Greek.

Malaria
Malaria is an infectious disease.

Blood vessel
A blood vessel is a tube that carries blood.

Jana Gana Mana
Jana Gana Mana  is national anthem India.

Circulatory system
The circulatory system is body system that brings blood to body.

Pink triangle
The pink triangle is two symbols LGBT community.

Chat room
A chat room is a virtual place onet where people can get together "talk".

Alan Wake
"Alan Wake" is a video game made by Remedy Entertainment.

Devil May Cry 4
"Devil May Cry 4" is latest video game in series "Devil May Cry".

50 Cent
50 Cent  is an rap singer.

Subject (school)
Subjects ares into which learning can be divided.

Learning
Learning is people do wheny want to learn how to speak listen to language.

Ethical tradition
An ethical tradition is a group things that group people think are right wrong.

Dildo
A Dildo is a sex toy which a woman may put into her vagina anus, a man may put into his anus.

Bioinformatics
Bioinformatics is study amounts biological information.

Economy India
The economy India is in world with a GDP  $568 billion .

Testicle
Testicles are bodys that are found on bodies male creatures.

The Screwtape Letters
"The Screwtape Letters" is a book written by author scholar C.

Multiplayer
Multiplayer is a term for games, usually video games, meaning more than person can play it.

Weird Al Yankovic
Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic is a parody musician singer, songwriter comedian.

Supertramp
Supertramp was a rock group.

New Mexico
New Mexico is a state in United States America.

Sting
Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner, better known as Sting,  is an singer musician.

Starbucks
Starbucks is a chain stores that sell coffee.

Frasier
Frasier is an sitcom starring Kelsey Grammar.

Spin-off
A spin-off isthing new that comes fromthing already present.

Pedophile
A pedophile is an adult who is sexually who have not reached puberty, who are not yet fully sexually adult.

Igneous rock
Igneous rocks areed when molten rock  cools down to crystals minerals.

Bauxite
Bauxite is maine aluminium.

Chalcopyrite
Chalcopyrite is maine copper.

Hematite
Hematite haematite is maine iron.

Galena
Galena is maine lead.

Bob Dole
Robert Joseph Dole  is a United States Senator from Kansas.

Lionel Richie
Lionel Richie  is a popular pop singer, famous for his 1980s songs.

Walt Disney Pictures
Walt Disney Pictures is a movie studio from United States thhat makes family-friendly movies with a G PG rating from MPAA, The Fox Hound.

Scrotum
The scrotum is bag that holds testicles in male mammals.

Ministry (band)
Ministry is an rock roll band from Chicago, Illinois.

Indo
Indo refers to culture language fromstern-India,, Europe.

Ingot
Ingots are bars metal,ed by pouring molten metal into a mould.

Westlife
Westlife are an boy band.

Ulcer
An ulcer is a open wound.

Peptic ulcer
A peptic ulcer is an ulcer stomach duodenum.

Symptom
Symptoms are changes in your body.

Diagnosis
Diagnosis is when a doctor finds is making a person sick.

True Jesus Church
The True Jesus Church is a church.

Pokémon (video game series)
Pokémon is a video game franchise created byi Tajiri for Nintendo in 1990s.

Homer Simpson
Homer Simpson is a cartoon character in animated television series "The Simpsons".

Calcium
Calcium is a chemical element.

A Series Unfortunate Events
"A Series Unfortunate Events" is a series thirteen books written for children by Lemony Snicket.

Membrane
A membrane is a thin soft layer material.

Voltaire
François-Marie Arouet  was a French philosopher.

Missouri
Missouri is fifty states in United States.

South Dakota
South Dakota is a state in United States.

Wimbledon
Wimbledon is a suburb London.

Mersey Beat
The Mersey Beat Mersey Sound Liverpool Sound is for a type music that came in city Liverpool,d in early 1960s.

The Adventures Pete Pete
"The Adventures Pete Pete" was an television show on Nickelodeon network in early 1990s.

Motorcycle
A motorcycle is a vehicle, ridden for transportation.

Guinea pig
Guinea Pigs are animals.

Philip Glass
Phillip Glass is a famous composer who has written many pieces in his life.

Audioslave
Audioslave is an rock band.

Environment
Environment means allside forces, events, things that act on a thing.

Tooth
A tooth is hard, white things in your mouth.

Petula Clark
Petula Clark  is a singer, actress, composer.

Tom Jones (singer)
Sir Thomas John Woodward, KBE , known by his stage as Tom Jones, is a Grammy Award winning popular music singericularly voice.

Slade
Slade is a Hard Rock /Glam rock band.

Deep Purple
Deep Purple is a hard rock band started in Hertford,d, in 1968.

Yoghurt
Yoghurt yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation milk.

Marlondo
Marlondo  was a famous actor.

Galician language
Galician  is a language that is spoken in Galicia, just north Portugal.

Ibn Khaldun
Abdul Ibn Khaldun was an influential Arab thinker century.

Swabian Alb
The Alb  is a plateau in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Nerve
A nerve is a group special nerve cells grouped together in parallel.

Injury
Injury means a "harm" "hurt".

Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-Benz is a brand cars trucks from Daimler AG companyy.

Record label
A record label is a brand created by companies that specialize in manufacturing, distributing promoting audio video recordings, on variousats including compact discs, LPs, DVD-Audio, SACDs, cassettes.

Pipette
A pipette is a glass tube a specific volume a solution.

Muscle
Muscle is a tissue in animal bodies.

Game Boy
Game Boy was Nintendo's game console in Game Boy range.

Stomach
The stomach is digestive system.

Pain
Pain is a symptom being hurt sick.

Drain
A drain is found in ground lets water go through  to avoid street farmland getting flooded.

Super Mario 64
Super Mario 64 is a video game created by Nintendo for Nintendo 64.

MP3
MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3  is a popular lossy data compressionat for audio.

King Crimson
King Crimson is a rock band.

Fleetwood Mac
Fleetwood Mac is a rock band thated in London,d in 1967.

The Yardbirds
The Yardbirdsre a blues band.

Grateful Dead
The Dead is a "jam band" whoed in Sancisco, California United States in 1960s.

Johnny Winter
John Dawson Winter III  is an albino blues musician from Beaumount, Texas, United States.

Edgar Winter
Edgar Winter  is an albino musician from Beaumont, Texas.

Albinism
Albinism is a condition people animals are born with.

Paco de Lucía
Paco de Lucia  is a famous Flamenco guitar player from Spain.

Hearing
Hearing is five senses.

Bhutan
The Kingdom is a country in Himalaya mountains South Asia.

Voice
Voice is whenone is speaking singing.

James Madison
James Madison  was President United States.

James Monroe
James Monroe  was President United States.

Martin Van Buren
Martin Van Buren  was President United States.

Southd
Southd is a province instds.

Grand Theft Auto
Grand Theft Auto is a series video games.

Black Eyed Peas
Black Eyed Peas are an hip-hop group from Los Angeles, California.

PlayStation Portable
PlayStation Portable is Sony's video game console to be a handheld.

Abortion
In mammals, an abortion is when a pregnancy ends early without birthfspring.

Clock
A clock is a device that tells time.

Sexualientation
Sexualientation is a term that meanss people a person loves has sexual romantic feelings about.

Smiley
A Smiley  is a picture a simple smiling face that is emotion.

Flamenco
Flamenco is a style guitar playing thatiginated in Spain by Gypsy people whore livingre at time.

Cream (band)
Cream was a rock band in late 1960s.

Blind Faith
Blind Faith was a rock group, that onlyre together for about year .

The Guess Who
The Guess Who is a rock band.

Bruce Springsteen
Bruce Springsteen  is a rock musician from New Jersey.

Intersexuality
An intersexual intersexganism is anganism  that is either born with genitalia/orary sex characteristics that are not male female.

Gastrointestinal system
The gastrointestinal system is body system that eats digests food.

Mouth
The mouth is hole in face where put food when eat.

Deacon
A Deacon is a role in church.

Friedrich Engels
Friedrich Engels  was a political thinker.

Dinner
Dinner is a word with a few different meanings.

Rosa Luxemburg
Rosa Luxemburg  was a-born Marxist.

Liver
The liver is angan in abdomen.

Clot
A clot is a solid substance that bloods when it is in air.

Coachella Valley
The Coachella Valley is a desert valley in Colorado Desert California.

Derivative works
Derivative work is a phrase used in copyright law.

Rugby football
Rugby football is a sport that people play around world.

Kidney
Kidneys are twogans in abdomen vertebrates that are shaped beans.

Prefix
A prefix is a a word.

United Nations Educational, Scientific Culturalization
The United Nations Educational, Scientific Culturalization  is United Nations agency that looks after One things UNESCO does is to make a list all important, special, interesting places in world.

Human rights
Human rights is idea that people should have rights "just because"y are human beings.

Nationality
Nationality means nation  a person is a citizen.

Citizen
A citizen isone who is a member a country.

Religious fundamentalism
The term religious fundamentalism was used at to describe people int community in United States in early century.

Medical ethics
Medical ethics is set ethical rules that doctors follow.

Sperm
Sperm are male reproductive cells.

Semen
Semen  is fluid that comes from end a man's penis when he has angasm  ejaculates.

Bilbao
Bilbao is a city in Basque Country, in North Spain.

Middle school
In United States, Middle school is a school between elementary school  high school .

List Disney animated movies
Below is a list animated movies from Walt Disney Pictures/The Walt Disneyy.

List Disney movies
Below is a list non-animated  movies from Walt Disney Productions its successor label, Walt Disney Pictures.

Ku Klux
The Ku Klux is a hate group, which was started in southern United States in March 1865, disbanded, but others have been created.

Brown v. Board Education
"Brown versus Board Education" (full "Brown v.

Well
All is a hole that is dug into Earth to get water .

Honey
Honey is a solid liquid food that is made by honeybees by transforming nectar.

Cracker
A cracker is a thin crispy piece baked bread.

Surgery
Surgery is an operation that involves a doctor.

Pizza
over a piece bread covered with sauce;ten tomato, buttimes butter-based sauces are used.

Pepperoni
Pepperoni is a meat food that istimes sliced very thinly put on pizza.

Heaven
Heaven is a concept afterlife  in many religions.

Button
A button can have three meanings.

Multiprocessing
Multiprocessing is use two more central processing units  within a single computer system.

Multitasking
Multitasking means that a computer can run more than program at same time.

Multithreading
Multithreading means that a computer can work on differents same program at same time.

Fertilization
Fertilization  is happens when a male's sperm goes inside a female's ovum  a zygote.

Whiteboard
A whiteboard, also called a markerboard, is a surface on which markings made with markers are visible.

Chemist
A chemist is a scientist who studies chemistry.

Biologist
A biologist is a scientist who studies biology.

Testicular cancer
Testicular cancer is a type cancer that develops in both testicles, a male reproductive system.

Future
The future isthing that has not happened yet.

Fetus
A fetus foetus is stage that anganism goes through before it is born as a baby.

Past
The past isthing that has already happened.

Particle
Aicle is a very piecething.

Ellen DeGeneres
Ellen DeGeneres  is an comedian television star.

Rosie O'Donnell
Rosie O'Donnell  is an actress television host.

Tissue (biological)
Tissue means a anganganism.

Shit
Shit is a slang term for feces.

Cunt
Cunt is an abusive word that is used against people.

Ball chain
Ball chain is a slang term for a person's spouse.

Faggot
A faggot is a meatball, a traditional dish in UK, especially southwestd, Wales, Black Country.

Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch
Llanfair PGtysiliogogogoch is a village on islandy in Wales, Britain.

Pneumoconiosis
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by breathing-in veryicles sand quartz dust found in volcanoes.

Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateapokaiwhenuakitanatahu
Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu  is Maori a hill in Newd.

Something
Something is a comedybsite forums.

Fark.com
Fark is a comedybsite forums.

Pikachu
Pikachu is a yellow animal from fictional Pokémon world that was created byi Tajiri.

Menstruation
Menstruation "menses" is when a woman has blood come her vagina for 2-7 days every month.

Corinthian Casuals
The Casuals are a football team located in Tolworth, Surrey,d playing in League Division One South.

Nightclub
A nightclub is a type bar for adults to socialize meet other adults consume alcoholic drinks such as wine, beer, mixed drinks.

Freezing
Freezing is process when a liquid turns into a solid.

Precious metal
A precious metal is a type metal that is worth a lot money metals.

Jewelry
Jewelry  refers to any clothing accessory that is worn as a decoration.

Potassium
Potassium is a chemical element in periodic table.

The Simpsons
"The Simpsons" is an television program that is an animated comedy, created by Matt Groening.

Teresa Heinz Kerry
Teresa Heinz Kerry  is wife United States Senator John Kerry.

Museum
A museum is a building where things are collectedn shown to people.

Camera
A camera is a tool that takes pictures .

News
News is when people talk about current events .

Export
An export is a product that is sold to peopleside country in which product was made.

Observatory
An observatory is a building that holds many very telescopes.

Epidemic
An epidemic is a disease that goes over ae area lots people.

George Jungle
"George Jungle" is an animated television series created by Jay Ward Productions in late 1960s as a parody .

Westminster Abbey
Westminster Abbey is a verye famous church in London,d.

The Eagles
The Eagles are an rock music band.

Himalaya
The Himalaya is a mountain range in Asia.

Brihanmumbai Electric Supplysport
The BESTmumbai Electricity Supplysport is Mumbai's public transport service electricity provider.

Guelders
Guelders is a province in eastds.

Canvas
Canvas is a thick material usually made woven cotton.

Largeat lens
A Largeat lens is a lens that can be used on aeat camera.

Ramones
The Ramones are an punk rock group whoed in New York City in 1974 broke up in 1996.

Olivia Newton-John
Olivia Newton-John  is a-born singer actress.

Kansas (band)
Kansas is a rock band.

Styx (band)
Styx was an rock band.

Jethro Tull
Jethro Tull is a rock band.

Turtle
A turtle is a type animal that may live on land in water.

Rage Against Machine
Rage Against Machine,times known as RATM Rage, are a rock band from Los Angeles, California.

Product (mathematics)
In mathematics, a product is a number a quantity obtained by multiplying two more numbers together.

Universal Declaration Rights
The Universal Declaration Rights is a "declaration"  by United Nations General Assembly.

Dolphin
Dolphins are mammalsder "Cetacea".

Guinea
Guinea is an independent nation instern Africa.

Domestic pig
A domestic pig  is a farm animal.

Wheat
Wheat is a plant.

Taliban
The is an Islamic group working for control.

Screw
A screw is a sharp piece threaded metal similar to a nail.

Tajikistan
Tajikistan is a country in Asia.

Fear
Fear is an emotion similar to anxiety.

Tongue
The tongue is fleshygan inside mouth.

Titanium
Titanium is a very strong metal.

Hebrew language
The Hebrew language is a Semitic language.

Joan Arc
Joan Arc (c.

James Kopp
James Charles Kopp (b.

Millet
Millet is a type grain that is eaten.

Sonic Hedgehog
Sonic Hedgehog is a video game character.

Hedgehog
A hedgehog is a mammal.

Final Fantasy
"Final Fantasy" is a fantasy role-playing video game series made by Square Enix since 1987.

Georges Brassens
Georges Brassens  was a french singer songwriter.

Display resolution
Resolution is can qualify a monitor in computer science.

Cervix
The cervix is uterus which protrudes into vaginal canal.

Bullet
Bullets are metal objects fired from guns.

Frankfort, Kentucky
Frankfort is capital city U.S.

Shahrukh
Shahrukh  is a Bollywood actor.

Masashiiro
Masashiiro  is a television performer member musical group Rats & Star.

News,a
News is a city in statea in United States America.

Mamluk
Mamluks are members a military caste that controlled Egypt from 1254 to 1811.

Laurent Clerc
, born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc,  co-founded school for deaf  in United States.

Ivory
Ivory is a hard white material made from tusks teeth animals such as elephants, hippopotamuses walruses.

Political subdivisions Brazil
Brazil is states 1 Federal District .

Vice president
A vice president isone who helps president conduct his duties.

Triple jump
The triple jump is a athletics event.

Texas hold 'em
Texas hold'em is a popular version card game poker.

Creationism
Creationism is belief that God  created universe, it says in Bible, Torah, Qur'an, other religious books.

Flute
The flute is a woodwind instrument.

Staind
Staind is an rock band from Massachusetts, United States.

Ocarina
Ocarina is a flute that is not made a tube.

Clarinet
The clarinet is a woodwind instrument.

16th century
The century is century from 1501 to 1600.

Lute
The lute is a musical instrument with strings.

Independence Day (United States)
In United States, Independence Day, commonly known as Fourth July Fourth, is a federal holiday commemorating adoption Declaration Independence on July 4, 1776, declaring independence from Kingdom Great Britain.

Microsoft Office
Microsoft Office Microsoft Office System is a collection computer programs made by Microsoft.

Afrikaans
Afrikaans is a Westic language mainly spoken in South Africa Namibia.

Leonard Bernstein
Leonard Bernstein  was an composer conductor.

Afrikaans Language Monument
Thes Language Monument  is only monument in world language.

DC Comics
DC Comics is an comic book company.

Wonder
Wonder is a superheroine, who appears in DC Comics.

Bob Saget
Bob Saget  is an comedian actor.

Phil Collins
Phil Collins  is an singer drummer.

Badfinger
Badfinger was a rock group.

United Nations Security Council
The United Nations Security Council  is United Nations.

High jump
The high jump was practised ind in century.

Manhattan
Manhattan is an island, which is New York City.

The Bronx
The Bronx is a New York City, USA.

Bob Denver
Bob Denver  was an actor.

1100
Note that 1100 is last year century; 1101 is year century.

Monk
A monk is a man who decides to obey a set very strict laws rules.

Dream Theater
Biography.

Triangle
A triangle is a shape.

Benchmark
Benchmarks can measure skills computer computer user.

Feminism
Feminism is a social political movement.

Eivør Pálsdóttir
Eivør Pálsdóttir is a singer composer from Faroeds.

Hippopotamus
The hippopotamus   is ae mammal "Hippopotamidae" family.

Prefecture
A prefecture is a word used by countries such as Greece.

2010
2010 is a year in century.

Eris (dwarf planet)
136199 Eris, known before as "2003 UB 313", is a dwarf planet a trans object  in solar system.

Battledy
The Battledy was fought in 1944 between army Allied forces as World War II.

Mike Tyson
Michael Gerard Tyson (b.

Cleveland, Ohio
Cleveland is a city that is located in northern Ohio, US.

Lexus
Lexus is a luxury car line produced by Toyota company.

Dentition
Dentition is development teeth where teeth are in mouth.

Plectrum
A plectrum pick is a object certain types string instruments.

Danny Barker
Danny Barker  was a News jazz singer-songwriter musician.

Charlie
Charles Henry "Charlie"  was an jazz guitarist.

Franco Cerri
Franco Cerri  is an jazz guitar player.

Eddie Condon
Albert Edwin "Eddie" Condon  was a Chicago jazz/big band rhythm guitarist.

Al Di Meola
Al DiMeola  is a Jazz fusion guitarist.

White House
The White House can refer to home President United States America.

George Carlin
George Carlin  was an actor comedian.

Portuguese language
The language isce languages .

Hurricane Katrina
Hurricane Katrina was a strong hurricane that did a lot damage to city News,a in United States on August 29, 2005.

Carlos Fuentes
Carlos Fuentes  is a writer.

Bass guitar
The bass guitar  is a string instrument which is guitar.

Saint Anna
Saint Anna is grandmother Jesus.

Nepal
Nepal is a country in South Asia bordering India China.

Zagreb
Zagreb is capital city city country Croatia.

Swedish krona
The krona is currency that is used in Sweden.

Giant
In mythology, a giant is a type verye human-like creature.

Piedmont
Piedmont is a region in northern Italy.

Terry Fox
Terrenceley Fox  was a athlete activist.

Rick Hansen
Rick Hansen  is a athlete activist.

Fin
A fin is a surface lift thrust to steer while traveling in water, air, other fluid media.

Method
A method is a way doingthing.

Region
Region is a geographic term used in many ways in different types geography.

Toothache
A toothache is a pain felt in a person's tooth.

Icing
Icing, also called frosting, is a paste that is usually made from sugar.

Juan Ponce de Leon
Juan Ponce de Leon  was a explorer.

Romford
Romford is a place in east London Borough Havering,d.

Maltose
Maltose  is a disaccharide .

Toolbox
A toolbox toolkit is a box where a person stores tools.

Stone
Stones are pieces rocks, which can be fragments a mountain.

Hot-spot
A hot spot is a place where computers with ability for wireless connections can connect toet.

Winnipeg, Manitoba
Winnipeg  is capital city Manitoba, Canada.

Kilobyte
A kilobyte is a number used when talking about hard drives computer memory.

Byte
A byte is a unit measurement.

Subatomicicle
A subatomicicle is aicle than an atom.

Breath
Breathing is means by which our lungs remove carbon dioxide  take in oxygen, a gas needed along with glucose to produce energy.

Laura
Laura  is First Lady  United States.

Dijon
Dijon is a city ince.

Simon Rodia
Sabato "Simon" Rodia  was an immigrant who lived in United States in district Los Angeles, California called Watts.

Terry
Terry  was an writer.

Emeril Lagasse
Emeril Lagasse  is an celebrity chef.

Artificial limb
An artificial limb is a fake limb  used by people who have lostm in accidents due to health problems re born withoutm, so thaty can do normal things.

Hurricane Rita
Hurricane Rita was a hurricane in 2005tic hurricane season that hit United States' Gulf Coast.

Boeing 767
The Boeing 767 is a passenger airplane manufactured by Boeing.

Stephen King
Stephen King  is a famous writer from U.S.

Baby
A baby is a very young child.

Cactus
A cactus is a plant.

Desert
A desert is a very dry place.

Dessert
A dessert is a type food that is eaten after lunch dinner.

William Henry Harrison
William Henry Harrison  was President United States.

Viacom
Viacom is an entertainment company.

Uniform Resource Locator
In cases, URL may also contain The URL this page is http://simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Uniform_Resource_Locator Extensions.

Cuckoo clock
A cuckoo clock is a clock.

Labrador Retriever
The Labrador Retriever  is a breed dog.

Margaret Thatcher
Margaret Hilda Thatcher, "Baroness Thatcher LG, OM, PC, FRS "  was woman Prime Minister United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990.

Firefighter
Firefighters firemen are people whose job is to put fires rescue people.

Random
Random is a term used in mathematics, asll as in a more general use, for situations whenre is no way to knowcome .

Political status
There are two countries in world that are called China.

Cellular respiration
Cellular respiration is cells do to break up sugars into a food that cell can use as energy.

Lesotho
Lesotho is a country in southern Africa.

Alexander Hamilton
Alexander Hamilton  was United States' Secretary Treasury, was known for creation a national bank.

Köbes
Köbes is a word fromd from local-Bergisch languages.

Asperger syndrome
Asperger Syndrome affects way in which a person understands other people, talks with other people, acts with other people.

Stop-motion
Stop motion is way animation which makes it look still objects are moving.

D.C. United
D.C.

Wendy Carlos
Wendy Carlos  is an composer musician.

Boolean algebra
Boolean algebra is algebra for binary .

Harry Potter Philosopher's Stone
"Harry Potter Philosopher's Stone" is book in Harry Potter series by author J.K.

Justin Timberlake
Justin Randall Timberlake  is an rhythm blues singer.

Aramaic language
Aramaic is a language that is 3000 years old, even more.

Libya
Libya is a country in north Africa.

Population density
The population density a country city is a way showing how crowded that place is.

Saturday Night Fever
"Saturday Night Fever" is a 1977 movie.

Greyhound
A Greyhound is a dog breed that is skinny, has long legs, runs faster than any other breed dog.

Grand unificationory
Grand unificationory was thought by ai scientist, Dr.

Factory
A factory is a building where workers use machines to make objects for sale.

United States Declaration Independence
The United States Declaration Independence is an important document in history United States America.

Jordan
Jordan is a country in Middle East.

Israeli
An Israeli is a person who is a citizen country Israel.

Prejudice
When a person is prejudiced, it means thaty decidey dislikething without really thinkingly about it.

Inflation
When economists talk about inflationy mean that general level prices is going up.

Obsessive-compulsive disorder
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a problem that people have.

Industrial Revolution
The Industrial Revolution is historians have given to period in history whenre was ae rapid change in way thingsre made.

Botswana
Botswana is a country in southern Africa.

Ferry
A ferry is a ship boat that is people, vehicless across water.

Rapa
Rapa Oparo is an island in French Polynesia.

Jo Whiley
Johanne "Jo" Whiley  is an radio DJ on BBC Radio 1, a television presenter.

Windows Vista
Windows Vista is newest version Microsoft Windows after Windows XP from Microsoft.

The Gambia
The Gambia is a country inst Africa.

Londonderry
Derry Londonderry is a city ind near to border with Republicd.

Federal Reserve
The Federal Reserve is a group economic policymakers forecasters .

Trent Reznor
Trent Reznor   is an singer musician.

Oklahoma
Oklahoma  is a state that is in southern Central United States.

Terry Jacks
Terry Jacks  is a musician.

Sark
Sark isnelds.

Robert Crumb
Robert Crumb  is a famous cartoonist musician.

Renée Zellweger
Renée Kathleen Zellweger  is an actress.

Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep  is an actress.

Bench
A bench is a place where people can sit.

List national anthems
This is a list national anthems.

Celsius
Celsius ,times called centigrade, is a unit measurement used in many countries to measure temperature.

Fahrenheit
Fahrenheit  is a unit measurement temperature.

Agent
An Agent, a person who acts on behalf another person.

Anthrax (disease)
Anthrax, also called splenic fever, is a disease.

Wetzlar
Wetzlar is a city at river Lahn in Hesse iny.

Andy Warhol
Andy Warhol  was famous artists later half century.

Romulus Remus
Romulus Remusre legendary founders Rome.

Confucianism
Confucianism is philosophy based on teachings Confucius , who was an important philosopher.

Software hoarding
Software hoarding is when a person a software company tries to stop people from using sharingir software.

Proprietary license
A proprietary license is a license that has rules defined by its creators owners.

Lead
Lead is a chemical element.

Bell
A bell is a simple musical instrument.

Transformers (toy line)
Transformers are robots that turn into other things.

Simple
Whenthing is simple, it is very easy to understand do.

Mathematician
A mathematician isone who studies mathematics, whether as a hobby, as a job, such as math professors at universities.

West Virginia
West Virginia is a state in United States.

Virginia
Virginia is a state in United States.

Vermont
Vermont is a state in United States.

South Carolina
South Carolina is a state in southeast United States.

Rhoded
Rhoded is state in United States.

North Carolina
North Carolina is fifty states in United States.

New Jersey
New Jersey is 50 states United States America.

Newire
Newire is a state in United States.

Watch glass
A watch glass storage solidstimes liquids .

Funnel
A funnel is an object with a wide top a narrow tube at bottom this is liquids into a container.

Evaporating basin
An evaporating basin is solutions -- that is, to turnm from a liquid state into gaseous state.

Measuring cylinder
A measuring cylinder is volume liquids.

Constantinople
Constantinople  was capital Empire , East Empire , Latin Empire , Empire .

Mormonism
Mormonism is a religious movement.

Mohammad Khatami
Seyyed Mohammad Khatami , born October 14, 1943 was President from August 2, 1997 to August 2, 2005 was followed by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.

Cider
Cider  is a drink made from fruit juice,ten from apples.

Bison
Bisons are a group even-toed ungulate mammals.

Baseball cap
A baseball cap is a hat, worn by baseball players, wheny play asir uniform, but other peoplearm, too.

Windows 95
Windows 95 was a Microsoft operating system released in 1995.

Otto von Bismarck
Prince Otto Eduard Leopold von Bismarck-Schönhausen Duke Lauenburg  was a veryll known aristocrat statesman century in Europe.

Differential calculus
Differential calculus, a branch calculus, is process finding rate change a variable variable, by using functions.

Socialist country
A Socialist country is a country where government public as a whole has control over economy.

Hamster
A hamster is a furry animal  that is a bit a mouse a ferret.

Ed Gein
Edward Theodore "Ed" Gein (1906 - July 26, 1984 was an serial killer.

Easter
Easter is a holiday.

Agnosticism
Agnosticism is belief that it is not possible to prove ifre is isn't a god, higher power in universe.

Universal Media Disc
"UMD can also mean Universityd." The Universal Media Disc  is an optical disc made by Sony forir PlayStation Portable.

Georgia (country)
Georgia is a country in Caucasus on edge Black Sea.

First-person shooter
A-person shooter is a computer video game where player sees level from eyes character being played.

Random access memory
Random access memory  is memory information storage in a computer that is running programs data for programs.

Read-only memory
Read-only memory  is computer memory that, unlike RAM, does not lose its contents when computer is turnedf.

Integrated circuit
Introduction.

Moss
Mosses are non-vascular plants.

Function (mathematics)
A function in mathematics is a rule that tells a person to do to an object inder to get a different object.

Miami, Florida
Miami is a city in U.S.

Grunge music
Grunge Music Seattle Sound  is a style rock music that incorporates elements punk rock heavy metal.

Carly Simon
Carly Simon  is an singer songwriter.

Toto
Toto is a soft rock group thated in Los Angeles in 1978, that was popular in early 1980's.

Jim Jones
James Warren "Jim" Jones  was an preacher religious leader.

Saludemos la Patriagullosos
"Saludemos la Patriagullosos"  is national anthem El Salvador.

Eritrea
Eritrea is a country in east Africa.

Sanford Dole
Sanford Dole  was an politician.

Ancient Egypt
Ancient Egypt was a society that long time many years ago.

Alexander Great
Alexander Great  was a king.

Brisbane
Brisbane  is capitald in northeast Australia.

Hawaiian language
The language  is language natives.

Skinhead
Skinheads,d afterir haircuts, are members a subculture thatiginated in Britain in late 1960s, whereyre closely Boys Mods.

Anime
Anime is for "Animation" Outside, "anime" means japanese animation.It was made in", But, in, anime means all animation in general.

Sudan
Sudan is a country in Africa.

OpenBSD
OpenBSD is a secure, free computer operating system.

Civil war
A civil war is a war that takes place between different groups in country.

Crocodile
A crocodile is ae reptile that lives in water.

ZZT
ZZT is a computer game made by Tim Sweeney.

Centre
Centre  center (U.S.

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   was a composer who lived intic period.

BBC Radio 1
BBC Radio 1  is an international radio station that is based in United Kingdom.

1443
1443 was a common year.

Sea level
The sea level is average height ocean .

Fear Factory
Fear Factory is an death/industrial metal group.

Sublime
Sublime was a popular punk/ska rock band.

Crass
Crass was anarcho-punk bands.

Black Flag
Black Flag was an punk rock band.

Tarika
Tarika is Arabic word for a Sufider in Islam.

Crazy Frog
The Crazy Frog is a 3D animated creature, featured on music albums.

Surrey
Surrey is a county in southernd.

Universal Serial Bus
In computing, Universal Serial Bus  is technology that allows to connect devices to a computer.

Punk rock
Punk rock  music genre music.

Edip Yuksel
Edip Yüksel  a studentad Khalifa a member United Submittersational, which is an Islamic group that was made by controversial Khalifa.

Epididymitis
Epididymitis is a inflammation epididymis, usually resulting from bacterial infection, but also occasionally caused by injury viral infection.

Perth, Australia
Perth is a city in Australia.

Osama bin Laden
Usāmah bin Muhammad bin 'Awad bin Lādin , better known as Osama bin Laden Usama bin Laden  is an Islamic fundamentalist.

Mayflower (ship)
The "Mayflower" was a ship.

800
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 750s 760s 770s 780s 790s - 800s - 810s 820s 830s 840s 850s Years: 795 796 797 798 799 - 800 - 801 802 803 804 805 .

Reykjavík
Reykjavík is capital city island countryd.

Uniform
Uniforms are special clothes to show that a group people belong together.

Battle Trafalgar
The Battle Trafalgar was a sea battle fought on October 1805 between naviesce Spain on side, Great Britain on other.

Peter Frampton
Peter Frampton  is a guitarist.

Nairobi
Nairobi is capital city Kenya.

Derek And The Dominos
Derek Dominos an blues rock band.

Carl Radle
Carl Radle  was an musician, known for being bassist in Derek Dominos.

Nineteen Eighty-Four
"Nineteen Eighty-Four" is a novel written by George Orwell in 1948.

Groverd
Stephen Groverd  was  also  President United States.

Bassist
A bassist is a musician whose musical instrument is a bass guitar a double bass.

Fascism
Fascism is a right-wing government.

Erection
An erection  a body such as a man's penis, a woman's clitoris a nipple refers to it becoming harder.

Methamphetamine
Methamphetamine  is a drug created by humans in laboratories.

Mother
Mother is a female parent.

Caribbean
The Area  is a region Americas.

Caribbean Sea
The Sea is a tropical sea in center area.

Gibraltar
Gibraltar is an Overseas Territory United Kingdom.

Windows 2000
Windows 2000  is an operating system that was with computers that have either single multiple processors.

Junior Certificate
The Junior Certificate is earned by passing a required exam that takes place inary schools in Republicd.

Leaving Certificate
The Leaving Certificate is final exam taken place in Republicdary school education system.

Empire
An empire is a set lands regions that are ruled by an emperor.

Bus
A bus is ae wheeled vehicle meant to carry many different persons along with driver.

Writer
A writer can mean anyone who makes a written work a writing, but word more usually means people who write creatively as a job, who have written in many differents.

Inventor
An inventor is a person who creates new inventions,ly new products that can be electrical, mechanical, software.

Bear
"For other uses word "bear" please see Bear " Bears are a groupe mammals.

Meteorology
Meteorology is scientific study atmosphere  that focuses on howather works forecastingather.

Technology
Technology deals with knowledge human tools crafts.

Seven Wonders World
The Seven Wonders World  is a widely-known list seven great buildings structures from classical time period.

Illness
An illness  is when a person has poor health.

Daughter
A daughter is female child a mother father.

Son
A son is male child a mother father.

Oliver Stone
William Oliver Stone  is an filmmaker.

Whale shark
Whale shark  is known fish.Whale sharks can be almost 15 meters longight 15 tons.

Qatar
Qatar is a country in Middle East.

Salt water
Salt water ten means water from seas oceans.

Oceanography
Oceanography  is study how ocean works.

Diamanto Manolakou
Diamanto Manolakou, born on 1 March 1959, is a Greek politician member Parliament for Communist Party Greece; United Left–Nordic Green Left.

Fresh water
Fresh water  is water that does not have a lot salt in it.

Arthur C. Clarke
Sir Arthur Charles Clarke  was a author inventor, famous for his science fiction novel ', for working with directorley Kubrick on film same.

Anthony Burgess
Anthony Burgess  was an who wrote many long stories, called novels.

Rape
Rape is having sexual intercourse with a person who does not want to, is unable to giveir consent.

Emmet D. Boyle
Emmet Derby Boyle  was aor Nevada.

Carp
The Carp is a fish that lives in fresh water, such as rivers lakes.

Christopher Walken
Ronald Walken , as an actor he is known as Christopher Walken, is an movie, television,atre actor.

Gene
Eugene Alden  is an Oscar winning actor.

Brian Russell
Brian Russell is an music producer.

Cod
Cod is a fish that lives in ocean.

U.S.try Division
Thetry Division United States Army—nicknamed "Big Red One" after its shoulder patch—is oldest division.

William Garretson
William Garretson  was caretakerski residence at time Sharon Tate's murder by Charles Manson family.

Charles Manson
Charles Milles Manson was leader a cult people who murdered other people.

Herring
A herring is a type fish.

Ray
A ray is a sea creature.

Tuna
Tuna,times called tunafish, are several species  fish.

Fishing hook
Fishing hook is a hook fish.

Fishing rod
A fishing rod is a tool fish.

Mammalia (taxonomy)
"See Mammals for more info" .

Nottuln
Nottuln is a village, 20 km Münster,y.

Coesfeld
Coesfeld is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia,y capital Coesfeld county.

St.-Pius-Gymnasium
St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a catholic private highschool in Coesfeld near Münster iny.

Cell membrane
The cell membrane is a thin flexible barrier around cellsganisms.

Morocco
Morocco is a country in north Africa.

Andrew Johnson
Andrew Johnson  was Vice-President President United States.

Sea star
Sea stars  are animals that live in ocean.

Jellyfish
Jellyfish are water-living animals.

Tilapia
Tilapia is a fish that isten.

Sardine
Sardine is a severals fish, especially Oily Phil.

Bone
Bones ares human animal skeleton vertebrates.

Anteater
Anteaters are mammals family "Myrmecophagidae" suborder "Vermilingua".

Sorghum
Sorghum is a genus in grass family "Poaceae".

Brown Bear
A Brown Bear  is ae bear.

Polar bear
The polar bear  is ae bear that lives in Arctic.

The Blues Image
The Blues Image was a late 1960s rock banded in Tampa, Florida in 1966,ir only hit was song "Ride, Captain, Ride".

Drummer
A drummer is a person who plays drums as a job as a hobby.

Singer
A singer is a person who sings.

Keyboardist
A keyboardist is a musician who plays more musical instruments called keyboard instruments, such as piano,gan, electronic synthesizer.

Mao Zedong
Mao Zedong  was a Communist leader.

Opus Dei
Prelature Holy Cross Opus Dei more commonly known as Opus Dei, is anganization Catholic Church.

Superhero
A superhero is a fictional character who has powers which are unusual for normal people.

Paul Karrer
Paul Karrer  was a Swiss biochemist known for his work on vitamins.

Smush Parker
William "Smush" Parker  is a professional player in National Basketball Association.

Half-Life (video game)
"Half-Life" is a science fiction-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Software published by Sierra Entertainment in 1998, based on a very changed "Quake" game engine.

1681
Year 1681 was a common year that started on a Wednesday when using calendar.

Anonymity
Anonymity means "namelessness" comes from Greek words meaning "without".

Spectroscopy
Spectroscopy is study light as a function length wave that has been emitted, reflected scattered from a solid, liquid, gas.

Equestrianism
Equestrianism  is a popular sport in countries United States, United Kingdom, Australia.

United States Virginds
The United States Virginds are a group islands in Sea are currently owned under authority United Statesment.

Chester A. Arthur
Chester Arthur  was an politician President United States.

Wizardry
"Wizardry" is a series computer role-playing games thatre popular in 1980s.

United States Army
The United States Army is a branch  United States Armed Forces.

Charlemagne
Charlemagne  (ca.

Marlow,ire
Marlow is a town on banks River Thames, on southern tipire,d.

Italian unification
Near beginning 1848, nationalism monkeypatriotism flourished throughout Europe.

Meditation
Meditation is to try to get past "thinking" mind, into a deeper state relaxation awareness.

Nobel Peace Prize
The Nobel Peace Prize is six awards in memory Alfred Nobel, inventor Dynamite.

Celtic Park
Celtic Park is a football stadium in Parkhead, Glasgow,d.

Romanian language
The language is ace language, meaning it comes from Latin French,.

Ealing
Ealing is a town in London Borough Ealing, famous for Ealing Studios, a movie studio.

Ear
The ear is body that lets people hear.

Barrie Ward
Barrie O.

Czech language
The Czech language is a Slavic language.

William Howard Taft
William Howard Taft  was President United States from March 4, 1909 to March 3, 1913.

Underwear
Underwear are clothes worn under other clothes,ten next to skin.

Monica Lewinsky
Monica Samille Lewinsky  is an woman who, in 1997, became famous for being a scandal between her President United States America, Bill Clinton.

William S. Burroughs
William Seward Burroughs  was an writer.

Uganda
Uganda is a country in Africa.

Mike Judge
Mike Judge  is an animator, actor, writer, producer.

Missing Persons
Missing Persons was an New Wave group.

Blackpool
Blackpool is a seaside town inire, in northstd.

Franciscoco
Francisco Paulino Hermenegildo Teóduloco y Bahamonde Salgado Pardo de Andrade justciscoco .

Policeficer
A policeficer is a person who works for police force.

Account
An account is a recordthing that has happened.

Dutch (people)
The Dutch are people who live inds, that come fromds.

Liquid Paper
Liquid Paper, also called white correction fluid, is mistakes made in writing on typewriters with ink.

Doris Day
Doris Mary Ann von Kappelhoff  is an singer, actress, animallfare activist.

Jack Ripper
Jack Ripper is given to a serial killer, a group serial killers.

Johnny Rivers
Johnny Rivers  is an rock roll musician.

Doctor John
Malcolm John Rebennack, Jr Dr.

Suffolk
Suffolk is a county ind.

Etymology
Etymology is studyigin meaning wordss.

Mule
A mule is a horse-donkey hybrid .

Dead Sea
The Dead Sea is a lake lying between countries Israel.

American Black Bear
The Black Bear  is a type bear living in North America.

Fur
Fur is hair mammals.

Jackson Pollock
Jackson Pollock  was an painter.

Otto Struve
Otto Struve  was a astronomer.

Tamerlane
Tamerlane  was a Turkic conqueror in century.

Augustus
Caesar Augustus  was important Emperors.

Camel
Camels are mammals Camelidae family.

15th century
The century is century from 1401 to 1500.

14th century
The century is century from 1301 to 1400.

13th century
The century is century from 1201 to 1300.

12th century
The century is century from 1101 to 1200.

Mammalogy
Mammalogy is study mammals.

Antibiotics
Antibiotics are slow growth bacteria.

Sexism
Sexism is discrimination based on gender a person -- looking down on people becausey are male female.

Go
Go is a board game.

Gulf War
The Gulf War, Gulf War, was a conflict in 1991, between Iraq 34 other countries, led by United States.

Sicily
Sicily is a region in South Italy.

Donkey
A donkey "ass"  is a mammal "Equidae" family.

Harry Potter Half-Blood Prince
"Harry Potter Half-Blood Prince" was written by J.

Persian language
Persian isficial language ,.

Copenhagen
Copenhagen is capital city Denmark.

Nepali language
The Nepali language  isficial language Nepal.

Kathmandu
Kathmandu is capital city Nepal.

11th century
The century is century from 1001 to 1100.

10th century
The century is century from 901 to 1000.

9th century
The century is century from 801 to 900.

8th century
The century is century from 701 to 800.

7th century
The century is century from 601 to 700.

6th century
The century is century from 501 to 600.

5th century
The century is century from 401 to 500.

4th century
The century is century from 301 to 400.

Zambia
The Republic Zambia is a country in southern Africa.

Benin
Benin is a country in Africa.

Dominican Republic
The Republic  is a country on islandiola; other country on island is Haiti.

Navassad
Navassad, La Navase in Creole, is a island without anyone living on it in Sea.

Calculator
A calculator is a machine which allows people to do math operations more easily.

Blink-182
Blink-182  was a popular pop-punk banded in 1992.

Doctor Who
"Doctor Who" is a science fiction television series from United Kingdom.

Concentration camp
A concentration camp is a place which a government uses to keep people who are either against that government who it thinks are too dangerous to remain free.

Ribosome
Ribosome is a a cell that creates protein.

William Hartnell
William Henry Hartnell , is a actor.

Patrick Troughton
Patrick George Troughton  was a actor.

Jon Pertwee
John Devond Pertwee , better known as Jon Pertwee was an actor.

Tom Baker
Thomas Stewart Baker  Tom Baker is an actor.

Naziy
Naziy is informal given toy between 1933 1945.

U.S. state
A U.S.

Jim Reeves
James Travis "Jim" Reeves  was an country singer.

Dusty Springfield
Mary Isabel Catherine Bernadette O'Brien   was a pop singer.

The Offspring
The Offspring are a punk grouped in 1984 in Garden Grove, California.

Arethaklin
Arethaklin  is an soul R&B singer.

Tomato
Tomato is a red fruit.

Pineapple
Pineapple is a plant a fruit.

Pear
Pear is a fruit.

Melon
A melon is a word number members fruit in Cucurbitaceae family.

Raspberry
A raspberry is an aggreate fruit, meaning it is many fruits joined together.

Plum
A plum is a sweet fruit.

Peach
Peach is a tree that at grew in China.

Fig
Fig  is a soft, sweet fruit.

Grapefruit
Grapefruit is a citrus fruit grown in sub-tropical places.

Grape
Grapes are fruit a woody grape vine.

Blackberry
The blackberry isll known shrub.

Lychee
A lychee  is a tropical fruit that comes from southern China.

Cherry
Cherry is a fruit that grows on a tree a bush.

Blackcurrant
Blackcurrant  is a, bitter-tasting fruit.

Date Palm
The Date Palm is a palm.

Cherimoya
Cherimoya is a sweet fruit that comesly from Peru, Ecuador, Colombia Bolivia.

Blueberry
A blueberry is a berry, a very fruit.

Momentum
Momentum is a conserved quantity in physics which is product mass "m" velocity "v" an object.

Common phrases in different languages
These are common phrases in languages,,, French.

Malmo
Malmo  is city in Sweden.

Skull
A skull, cranium, is a set bones that make up head a vertebrate keep in place all bodys in head.

Mark Hoppus
Mark Hoppus is an musician.

Sandstone
Sandstone is a rock made compacted sand "glued" together with calcium carbonate.

Pseudonym
A pseudonym  is a false a person makes up uses insteadir real.

Pen
A pen is a an author uses in placeir real, wheny write publish things.

Stage
A stage is a an entertainer an movie star a musican takes in placeir real birth,y might this better thanir real it's easier for people to remember.

Fermat's lastorem
Pierre de Fermat wrote about it in 1637 inside his copy a book called "Arithmetica".

Lewinsky scandal
The Monica Lewinsky scandal  was a famous scandal where United States President Bill Clinton had sexual intercourse with 22-year-old White House intern Monica Lewinskyn lied about it to Senate.

323
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 270s 280s 290s 300s 310s - 320s - 330s 340s 350s 360s 370s Years: 318 319 320 321 322 - 323 - 324 325 326 327 328 .

Guam
Guam is an island in Micronesia in Pacific that is United States.

Warren G. Harding
Warren G.

Honduras
Honduras is a country in Central America.

Bangladesh
Bangladesh is a country in South Asia.

Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia was a country in Europe.

Major League Baseball
Major League Baseball is company in United States Canada that is in charge professional baseball.

Lou Gehrig
Henry Louis Gehrig  was an baseball player.

United States Senate
The United States Senate is U.S.

Fair use
Fair use is idea that it should be okay for a person to copysthing another person has created, without breaking law.

Duodenum
The duodenum is a section intestine that receives secretions from pancreas liver via pancreatic common bile ducts.

Erosion
Soil erosion  is washing blowing away  top layer soil .

Compost
Compost is a type fertilizer that is made from rotting plants.

Haiti
Haiti ,ficially Republic Haiti  is a country on islandiola; other country on island is Republic.

1901
1901 was year century.

Hodgenville, Kentucky
Hodgenville, Kentucky is a town in state Kentucky.

University Oxford
The University Oxford is a university located in Oxford in United Kingdom.

Def Leppard
Def Leppard was hard rock bands in 1977.

Winter storm
Winter storms snowstorms happen when warm,t air meets with cold air.

Sri Lanka
The Democratic Socialist Republic Sri Lanka  is a tropical island nationf southeast coast subcontinent.

Reptile
Reptiles are a group vertebrate animals.

Snake
Snakes are reptiles.

Freddie Mercury
Freddie Mercury  was lead singer for rock band Queen.

Sun Tzu
Sun Tzu   was a writer.

Western world
When people say world,y mean Europe, Americas as a whole Australia Newd.

Mouse
A mouse  is a rodent, which is a mammal.

Advance Wars
Advance Wars is a video game for Game Boyce.

Solomonds
The Solomonds are a group islands in South Pacific.

Intestine
The intestines an animal are food bile to rectum.

Chemical equation
A chemical equation is a way to predict way that two more chemicals will work together.

Subtropical
Subtropicals world are with mild climates, in between tropical temperate climates.

Lucifer
Lucifer is another for "Satan".

Astrobiology
Astrobiology is study life in space.

Castle
A castle is a verye stone building built for defence.

Wikimedia Commons
Wikimedia Commons is a project Wikimedia Foundation, based on a wiki.

Bulgaria
The Republic Bulgaria is a country in South Europe.

Alps
The Alps  are ae mountain range in Europe.

Rwanda
Rwanda is a country in Africa, located near Burundi, Congoasa,da,ia.

Lake Ontario
Lake Ontario is Great Lakes in North America.

Lake Superior
Lake Superior is a lake in Canada United States.

SS Edmund Fitzgerald
"SS Edmund Fitzgerald" was a freight ship on Lake Superior, carrying irone, which suddenly sank on November 10, 1975 at around 7:30 PM.

Gordon Lightfoot
Gordon Meredith Lightfoot  is a singer songwriter.

Chameleon
A chameleon is a reptile.

Interjection
An interjection is a spoken written expression emotion "Wow!" for surprise, "Ouch!" for pain, "Argh!" for frustration.

Millard Fillmore
Millard Fillmore  was President United States.

John Tyler
John Tyler was President United States America, from 1841 to 1845.

Peter Davison
Peter Davison  is an actor.

Ballerina
A ballerina is a given to a female ballet dancer.

Buffalo, New York
Buffalo is a city in U.S.

Hertford
Hertford is county townire,d.

Jackie
Jackie   is an actor, director, stuntman singer from Hong Kong.

Ron Weasley
Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley is a character from "Harry Potter" stories.

Hermioneger
Hermioneger is a character from "Harry Potter" series.

Milk shake
In North America, a milk shake  is a cold drink usually made with milk, ice cream, sweet syrups, such as chocolate syrup, mixed in an blender.

Bollington
Bollington is a village inire.

Kentucky Fried Chicken
Kentucky Fried Chicken KFC is a chain fast food restaurants known forir fried chicken.

Cytoplasm
The cytoplasm is a semi-liquid goo that contains a eukaryotic cell'sganelles.

Saladin
A sultan Salah al-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub 1138–1193) was a famous kurdish during Crusades.

Aphex Twin
Aphex Twin  is an-born musician.

Niagara Falls
Niagara Falls is group three waterfalls on Niagara River in eastern North America, on border between United States Canada.

Custard
Custard is food prepared with milk eggs.

Huckleberry
Huckleberry is a used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in family "Ericaceae": "Gaylussacia" "Vaccinium".

Cheesecake
A cheesecake is a dessert made cream cheese, milk, eggs, flour usually has a graham cracker crumb base.

Rhubarb
Rhubarb is a plant.

Monkey
Monkeys are a primate.

Civilization
Civilization, civilisation comes from Latin word "civis", meaningone who lives in a town.

Enlightenment (Buddhism)
In Buddhism, enlightenment is when a Buddhist discovers truth about life.

Mail
Mail is postal system.

Righteous Brothers
The Righteous Brothersre a pop group consisting two mend Bill Medley Bobby Hatfield.

Gene Pitney
Genecis Pitney  was a famous pop singer songwriter.

Federal Bureau Investigation
Federal Bureau Investigation FBI is United States's national police.

1596
1596 was a year in century.

Nothofagus
"Nothofagus" is a plant, also called southern beech.

Ancient Greek language
Ancient Greek was language spoken by people Ancient Greece from to century B.C.

Autobahn
Autobahn (engl.

Arnold Schoenberg
Arnoldz Walter Schoenberg  was an born composer.

Slovak koruna
The Slovak Crown Slovak Koruna  has been currency used in Slovakia since February 8, 1993.

War Roses
Ever since that war took place,re have been rivalries between two sides in sporting events, especially rugby cricket.

Anglican
Anglicanism is a branch denominationity.

Full Metal Jacket
"Full Metal Jacket" is a 1987 movie directed byley Kubrick, based on Gustav Hasford book "The Short-Timers".

Cambridgeshire
Cambridgeshire is a county ind.

Englishnel
Thenel is a body water that separates island Great Britain from rest Europe.

Upminster
Upminster is a place in east London Borough Havering,d.

Colin Baker
Colin Baker  is an actor.

Boxing
Boxing is world's oldest combat sport.

Tux Racer
Tux Racer is a video game made by Sunspire Studios where player moves Tux, Linux Penguin.

Northwest Territories
The Northwest Territories is a territory in northern Canada.

Straight
The word straight meansthing that goes in direction without turns, bends, curves.

SS Richard Montgomery
The SS Richard Montgomery was an ship built during World War II.

Inno e Marcia Pontificale
Hymn Pontifical March  is national anthem City.

Northernads
The Commonwealthads is a group islands in Pacific that are a political division controlled by United States.

Benjamin Harrison
Benjamin Harrison  was President United States .

Pablo Picasso
Pablo Ruiz Picasso  was a painter sculptor.

Waked
Waked is an atoll  in Pacific, near Hawaii.

William McKinley
William McKinley  was President United States, from 1897 until his assassination in 1901.

Record producer
A record producer  is a person who takes charge a recording session, in same way that a movie director is in charge filming movies.

Gliwice
Gliwice is a city in southd, in Silesia along Kłodnica River.

First aid
First aid is basic knowledge about injuries .

Wausau, Wisconsin
Wausau is a city in Marathon County in U.S.

701
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 650s 660s 670s 680s 690s - 700s - 710s 720s 730s 740s 750s Years: 696 697 698 699 700 - 701 - 702 703 704 705 706 .

1201
1201 is a year in century.

35
35 is a year in century.

Mikhail Bakunin
Mikhaildrovich Bakunin  was a famous anarchist.

Internet Relay Chat
Internet Relay Chat  is a chat system onet.

Political divisions United States
This is a list political divisions United States.

Spring
Spring is season after winter before summer.

1801
1801 was year century.

Muse
The Muses are goddesses representing different arts sciences in Greek mythology.

Yes (band)
Yes is a progressive rock group whoed in Birmingham,d in 1968.

Mason Williams
Mason Williams  is an easy listening guitarist.

Leaf
In botany, a leaf is an above-ground plantgan.

War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism War on Terror is a campaign that United States its allies terrorist groups to end states that sponsor terrorism.

Alkali metal
Alkali metals are chemical elements in group periodic system.

Buenaventura Durruti
Buenaventura Durrutige  was a anarchist leader.

Chester
Chester is a city in north-westd.

The Secret NIMH
"The Secret NIMH" is an animated movie from director Don Bluth's studio, released in 1982 by United Artists.

397
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 340s 350s 360s 370s 380s - 390s - 400s 410s 420s 430s 440s Years: 392 393 394 395 396 - 397 - 398 399 400 401 402 .

Nonmetal
Nonmetal non-metal meansre is no metal traces any at all in substance chemical element.

Holly Marie Combs
Holly Marie Combs  is an actressll known for working on television series "Charmed".

Bengal tiger
The Bengal tiger  is a tiger.

Taekwondo
Taekwondo  is a martial art igin, similar enough to karate.

Fish chips
Fish chips is a fried meal that many people eat.

Marxist economics
Marxist economics, created by philosopher Karl Marx inder to explain "rules motion" production exchange under capitalism, is application his ideas to sphere economics.

South rand
The rand is South currency.

The Care Bears Movie
"The Care Bears Movie" is an animated movie that came on March 29, 1985.

366
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 310s 320s 330s 340s 350s - 360s - 370s 380s 390s 400s 410s Years: 361 362 363 364 365 - 366 - 367 368 369 370 371 .

1205
1205 is a year in century.

Victoria, Australia
Victoria, also known as VIC Vic, is a state in Australia.

Chaosory
In mathematics physics, Chaos Theory is knowledge systems that looky are random, but actually follow certain rules.

First World
First World is a term used in politics economics to refer toalthier better developed nations.

Mulan
"Mulan" is a 1998 animated movie from Walt Disney Pictures, set in old-time China based on local legend.

Baltimore,d
Baltimore is city in U.S.

Chantilly, Virginia
Chantilly, Virginia is a community in Fairfax County, Virginia.

Corpus Christi, Texas
Corpus Christi, Texas is a city in United States.

Panama Canal
Panama Canal is a waterway in country Panama , that connectstic Pacific.

Suriname
Suriname, Surinam, Dutcha, Dutchag is a country in South America.

Aarreto
Aarreto  was a composer.

Chieftain
A chieftain is leader a tribe people.

Tribe
A tribe is a group people who live work together.

Satan
Satan, in religion, is a angel that left God took many other angels with him.

Hiking
Hiking is a general word for travelling on foot in mountains countryside.

Saint Petersburg
Saint Petersburg  is a city in northwestern Russia on Gulfd Baltic Sea.

Kiwifruit
Kiwifruit  is a fruit.

Aardvark
The Aardvark  is a mammal from Africa.

Rutherford B. Hayes
Rutherford B.

Vinyl record
The vinyl record  was a way to record music  that was used during twentieth century.

Eyebrow
An eyebrow is stripe hair about 2 cm over eye.

Halifax Regional Municipality
Halifax Regional Municipality is capital city province Nova Scotia, in country Canada.

Solstice
A solstice is when Earth is tilted.

Theist
Aist is a person who believes in gods in just god.

Secular humanism
Secular humanists believe that each human being is worththing has dignity.

Quebec City, Quebec
Quebec City is capital province Quebec.

Vancouverd
Vancouverd is in province Columbia in Canada.

First Nations
First Nations are native tribes who lived in Canada befores camere.

New Brunswick
New Brunswick is a province intic  Canada.

AC/DC
AC/DC is a hard rock band from Australia.

Double bass
The double bass is ae stringed instrument used inchestras, jazz bands, rockabilly bands, bluegrass music, country music bands.

Allies World War II
The Allied Powers re a group nations that fought against Axis countries, Naziy, Fascist Italy,, in World War II.

B-36 Peacemaker
The B-36 Peacemaker was a strategic bomber.

Wing
A wing is an animal airplanes that allows it to fly.

Disability
A disability is an aspect a person that limitsm in way.

Newfoundland
Newfoundland is an islandf East Coast Canada, is provinced Labrador.

Kiss (band)
Kiss is an hard rock/heavy metal band.

The Visioner's Tale
The Visioner's Tale is little-known writings Geoffrey Chaucer.

Geoffrey Chaucer
Geoffrey Chaucer (c.

Echidna
An Echidna also called "spiny anteaters", is a monotreme that lives in Australia in Newd.

2002 Bali terrorist bombing
The 2002 Bali terrorist bombings took place in Kuta on island Bali.

B-17 Flying Fortress
The Boeing 17 Flying Fortress was a heavy bomber, that was used by United States Eighth Air Force during World War II.

Midway Atoll
Midway Atoll was site a famous battle in World War II, Battle Midway.

Besiktas JK
Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü  is a football club frombul.

Phosphorus
Phosphorus has chemical symbol P, its atomic number is 15.

Franklin Pierce
Franklin Pierce  was President United States.

Ottoman Empire
The Empire was an empire that lasted from 1299 to 1922.

Strategic bombing
Strategic bombing is a military strategy enemies' economic ability to fight a war.

Edsel
Edsel was a make car a new car making division introduced by Ford Motory on September 4, 1957.

1000
1000  is a common year calendar.

Chino Hills, California
Chino Hills is a city in California, United States, in bottom-left corner San Bernardino County.

Learning
To learn is to find keep information in your brain.

Acrocorinth
Acrocorinth is acropolis Greek city Corinth.

Neutron
Neutrons Make up an atom along with Protons And Electrons.

LiveJournal
LiveJournal  is absite on whichet users can keep a blog.

RNA
RNA is an acronym for ribonucleic acid, a nucleic acid.

Figure skating
Figure skating is both an art a sport, in which people skate around on ice, doing jumps spins.

Gabriel
In Bible, Gabriel is angels.

Postfice
A postfice is a place that is made available by postal system to post, receive,, handle, to move deliver mail.

Lahn
The Lahn is a river in Hesse,y with a length 248 km .

Rottweiler
Rottweilers aree muscular dogs.

Anne Murray
Morna Anne Murrary  is a Pop Country musician.

Harry Potter Chamber Secrets
"Harry Potter Chamber Secrets" by J.

Personal computer
A personal computer  is a computer made more common by a system developed by a company called IBM;re are also computers, by a company called Apple Inc.

MS-DOS
MS-DOS is a computer operating system by Microsoft Corporation.

Search service
A search service helps a computer user find information by looking throughb pages for text user wants to find; software that does this is known as a search engine.

Disk operating system
A disk operating system will load from a floppy disk each time a computer starts, will access that disk for software to complete operations.

Internet service provider
Anet service provider, ISPs, usually for a monthly subscription fee, will allow a user to connect toet.

National Women's Hockey League
The National Women's Hockey League  is an ice hockey league in Canada that wased in 1999.

Western Women's Hockey League
The Women's Hockey League  is an ice hockey league in North America.

Yukon
The Yukon Territory is Canada, north Columbia,st Northwest Territories, east state Alaska.

Saanich
The Districtich is a region Greater Victoria, Columbia.

Emily Carr
Emily Carr  was a artist writer.

Hatikvah
Hatikvah  is national anthem Israel.

Virology
Virology is study viruses such as cold virus.

Stanley Cup
Theley Cup is a trophy given to champions National Hockey League  every year.

Militarization
Militarization is general movement a country to focus its production on war.

Tour dece
The Tour dece, Tource, is all known bicycle race.

Joseph Smith, Jr.
Joseph Smith, Jr.

Anastasia
Anastasia Anastacia is a woman's that comes from Koine Greek.

Band
In music, a band is a group people  that gets together to sing songs, perform music.

Demographics Nicaragua
About 86 per cent are  mixed native ancestry.

Lou Christie
Lou Christie  is an singer.

Carlo Azeglio Ciampi
Carlo Azeglio Ciampi was born in 1920 in Livorno, Italy.

Barry Sadler
Barry Sadler  was an soldier, songwriter author.

Nancy Sinatra
Nancy Sinatra is an singer.

The Rascals
The Rascals re an pop-soul group popular in 1960s.

Mamas Papas
Mamas Papasre a popular pop music singing group in 1960s.

Percy Sledge
Percy Sledge is an R&B singer.

Tommy Roe
Tommy Roe  was a popular singer in 1960s.

The Box Tops
The Box Topsre a 1960s pop music group, from Memphis, Tennessee.

James K. Polk
James Knox Polk  was President United States, his term was from March 4, 1845 to March 3, 1849.

Al Gore
Albert Arnold "Al" Gore, Jr.

Pumpkinhead II
"Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings" is a 1994 movie about a young boyd Tommy, a misfit deformed teenager who had no friends.

THX 1138
"THX 1138" is a 1971 movie was feature film directed by George Lucas excutive produced bycis Ford Coppola Coppola's production company Zoetrope.

Bat
Bats are mammals inder Chiroptera'".

Miguel detes
Miguel detes Saavedra  was a writer.

Game Boy line
The Game Boys are a group handheld video game consoles made by Nintendo.

Pope Paul VI
Pope Paul VI, bornni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini, was Pope Catholic Church from 1963 until his death in 1978.

Macau
The Macao Special Administrative Region People's Republic China  is two Special Administrative Regions in China.

Taipei City
Taipei City , known by people simply as.

Bob Chiarelli
Robert  Chiarelli is current mayor Ottawa, Canada.

Skeleton
A skeleton is hard structure that supports body a living thing.

GP2X
The GP2X is a handheld gaming console.

Community
A community is a group living things sharing same environment.

Upton Sinclair
Upton Beall Sinclair  was a writer many works from United States.

Gizmondo
Gizmondo is a handheld video game system.

Antarctic Treaty System
The ATS is continent.

Kansas City, Missouri
Kansas City is city in U.S.

Cascading Style Sheets
Cascading Style Sheets, CSS, are a means to style HTML XHTMLb pages, you are seeing now.

Allah
The word Allah  is Arabic term for God, in other words, Arabic God.

Proton decay
Proton decay is aory where physicists believe that radioactive decay could also be that a proton decays into twoicles than an atom, a pion a positron.

99 Names God
The 99 Names God  also known as The 99 attributes Allah, according to Islamic tradition, ares God in Qur'an.

Single player game
A single player game, when talking about computer games video games, usually means a game that is played by player.

Fallopian tube
The fallopian tubes  connect ovaries to uterus, let ovum pass into uterus wherey are able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse.

1818
1818 is a common year in calendar.

Carmenda
Carmenda  was a born singer actress.

Magnum P.I.
"Magnum, P.I." was a television show starring Tom Selleck.

Twin Peaks
"Twin Peaks" was a TV series which ran from 1990 to 1991.

McDonald's
McDonald's is a chain fast food restaurants found all over world.

English people
English people are people who are from live ind.

To Kill a Mockingbird
"To Kill a Mockingbird" is a novel written by Harper Lee set during Great Depression 1930s.

Abigaily Hensel
Abigaily Hensel  are conjoined twins withly body two heads.

52 BC
Centuries: century BC - century BC - century Decades: 100s BC 90s BC 80s BC 70s BC 60s BC - 50s BC - 40s BC 30s BC 20s BC 10s BC 0s Years: 57 BC 56 BC 55 BC 54 BC 53 BC - 52 BC - 51 BC 50 BC 49 BC 48 BC 47 BC .

Cape Town
Cape Town is legislative capital South Africa.

Hard soft drugs
Inds,re is a situation where use Soft drugs is tolerated.

Tehran
Tehran  , is capital center Province.

Philadelphia,ia
Philadelphia is ae city in U.S.

The
There a punk band.

Red Hot Chili Peppers
Red Hot Chili Peppers are an alternative/funk rock band.

Oasis (band)
Oasis is a rock band.

Rush (band)
Rush is a rock band.

Roy Hodgson
Roy Hodgson is an football manager.

Guinness Book World Records
The Guinness Book World Records is a book published annually detailing remarkable things that people attempt, plus many other types records.

Mime
Mime is a type acting that does not use words speech.

Kangaroo
A kangaroo is an animal.

Harriet
Harriet  was an slave.

Device driver
A driver is a program that lets operating system communicate with computer hardware.

Central processing unit
A CPU  is an important every computer.

Running Bulls
The Running Bulls  is an activity that involves running in front bulls on a course a sectioned-off area a town's streets.

Red shift
Red shift is a way astronomers use to tell distance any object that is very far away in Universe.

Spectral line
Spectral lines are how scientists tell element from another by looking at color.

Godzilla
Godzilla is a giant dinosaur-like fictional monster who appeared in movies from, starting in 1954.

1090s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1040s 1050s 1060s 1070s 1080s - 1090s - 1100s 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s Years: 1090 1091 1092 1093 1094 1095 1096 1097 1098 1099 .

1207
1207 is a year in century.

The Pentagon
The Pentagon is ae building in Arlington, Virginia , that is headquarters United States Department Defense.

The Beach Boys
The Beach Boys are a pop/surf rock group from Hawthorne, California.

Modem
A Modem is a piece computer hardware.

3DO
3DO is video game consoles made by 3DO company.

APF-M1000
The APF-M1000 was a video game console made by APF in 1978.

Windsor, Ontario
Windsor is a city in southern Ontario, Canada, which is across Detroit River from U.S.

QWERTY
QWERTY refers to a certain typewriter computer keyboard layout that is commonly used in-speaking countries.

List
A list is a a text, which has many words separated by commas  a group words going down page that may use bullet points numbers.

Antimatter
Antimatter is stuff within universe that is equal opposite matter.

Minsk
Minsk Miensk , Менск; Минск; Mińsk) is capital a major city Belarus.

1310s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1260s 1270s 1280s 1290s 1300s - 1310s - 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s Years: 1310 1311 1312 1313 1315 1316 1317 1318 1319 1320 .

Chancellory
Thecellory  is leader government Federal Republicy.

Filipino
Filipinos are people with Filipino ethnicity that are born in United States.

Mysore
Mysore is a city in Karnataka, India.

Kannada
Kannada  is a language.

Arab League
The Arab League is anganization made up countries in Africa Southwest Asia.

Jon Voight
Jon Voight  is a famous actor.

Pants
Trousers  pants  are clothing thatars on legs, jeansal pants, which generally cover whole leg .

Eugene McCarthy
Eugene Joseph "Gene" McCarthy  was a United States senator from Minnesota.

Arnold Schwarzenegger
Arnold Schwarzenegger  is an actor currently governor state California.

Holy Spirit
The Holy Spirit is a is known as Holy Trinity in belief.

Internet Protocol
Theet Protocol is a set rules for processing packets information sent between computers onet.

Akihito
Akihito  is Emperor.

Aero Space Museum
The Aero Space Museum is an airplane museum in Calgary in Canada.

Canadian Museum Flight
The Museum Flight is an aircraft museum at Langley Airport in Langley, Columbia, Canada.

Olympic Flight Museum
The Olympic Flight Museum is an aircraft museum at Olympia Airport in Olympia,ington, USA.

Pearson Air Museum
The Pearson Air Museum is an airplane museum at Pearson Field Airport in Vancouver,ington, USA.

Newfoundland Labrador
Newfoundland Labrador is a province on East Coast Canada, is farthest east all provinces territories.

Greenfinch
Greenfinch is a bird.

St. John's,d Labrador
St.

Nest
A nest is place animals build to holdir eggs/or provide a place to raiseir babies.

Egg (biology)
An egg is surrounds zygote animals that do not birth living babies.

Javan tiger
The tiger  is 1 3 extinct types tigers.

Abacus
Abacus is a very old tool.

Accordion
An accordion is a musical instrument that has keys similar to a piano, but is enough for a person to hold, makes sounds using air pushed pulled through reeds using a bellows.

Georg Agricola
Georg Georgius Agricola  was a scholar scientist.

Amiga CD32
The Amiga CD32 was a game console made by Commodore.

GX4000
The GX4000 was a console made by Amstrad in 1990.

ApeXtreme
ApeXtreme is a console created by Apex Digital Inc.

Moral
A moral is right thing to do.

New Year's Day
New Year's Day is a holiday in many countries, created tolcome New Year.

Wlazł kotek na płotek
Wlazł kotek na płotek  is a popular children's song.

Alopecia
Alopecia is a condition which is found in humans, asll as in animals.

Asthma bronchiale
Asthma bronchiale  is a common disease that makes it hard for people to breathe at times.

Bulbasaur
Bulbasaur is a Grass-type Pokémon, is strong against Water, Ground, Rock Pokémon.

Bochum
Bochum is a city in Ruhr area state North Rhine-Westphalia iny.

Progressive rock
Progressive rock is an ambitous unique style rock music.

San, Puerto Rico
San is capital city Puerto Rico.

Kashmir
Kashmir , also known asmere, is a region in Central Asia.

Rural
Rural describes relates to a farming agricultural area.

Stephene
Stephene  was an author in late century.

Lawrence's Goldfinch
The Lawrence's Goldfinch, "Carduelis lawrencei", is a songbird North America.

George Newbold Lawrence
George Newbold Lawrence  was an businessperson amateurnithologist .

Santa Claus
Commonly associated with Christmas, Santa Claus isly shown as a fat happy manaring a red suit with white trim.

Cinnamon
Cinnamon ("Cinnamomum verum", synonym "C.

Science fiction
Science fiction  is a genre fiction  that has descriptions future,ten involving stories about imaginary  new technologies inventions such as space ships, rockets, robots.

Blaise Pascal
Blaise Pascal  was a French mathematician whose mother died when he was 3 years old.

Pascal'sgle
1 5 10 10 5 1 The six rows Pascal's triangle Pascal'sgle is a mathematical triangle.

Antidisestablishmentarianism
Antidisestablishmentarianism is longest words in language.

Sarah
Sarah  is a singer songwriter who is known for her, emotional music.

Mark Twain
Mark Twain is pen Samuel Langhorne Clemens , all knownlld writer born in Florida, Missouri.

Harry Potter Prisoner
"Harry Potter Prisoner" is book in "Harry Potter" series by J.

Harry Potter Goblet Fire
"Harry Potter Goblet Fire" is book in "Harry Potter" series by J.

Crohn's disease
Crohn's disease, Crohn disease, Leśniowski-Crohn disease is an illness that causes intestines, others digestive tract , to become swollen,times develop ulcers .

Pet door
Pet doors, also known as cat doors, dog doors, doggie doors, in United Kingdom, cat flaps, are doors for pets.

Mount Rainier
Mount Rainier is a mountain 54 miles  southeast Seattle,ington, in United States.

Fort Knox
Fort Knox is an U.S.

Maxwell's equations
Charge density electric field.

Henry Knox
Henry Knox  was a military leader fors during Revolutionary War.

American Revolutionary War
The Revolutionary War was a war fought between Great Britain 13 colonies in North America.

Continental Army
The Continental Army was fighting force thirteen colonies in Revolutionary War.

Cream cheese
Cream cheese is a soft, mild-tasting, white cheese.

Shrewsbury
Shrewsbury is a town inire, a countyd.

Telford
Telford is a town inire, a countyd.

Ludlow
Ludlow is a town inire, a countyd.

Southire
Southire is a areaire ind.

Battle Yorktown
The Battle Yorktown was last important battle Revolution.

Battle Saratoga
The Battle Saratoga was an important battle in Revolution.

Horatio Gates
Horation Gates  was an general in Revolutionary War.

Heinrich-Heine-University
The Heinrich-Heine-University is university Düsseldorf,y,d after famous son Düsseldorf, poet Heinrich Heine.

1239
1239 is a year in century .

Siberian tiger
The Tiger , also known as Amur Tiger,, North China Tiger, is a subspecies tiger, "Felidae" family.

Cassette
A cassette is a box which is made for putting inside a machine.

Audio cassette
An audio cassette is a cassette which can store music sounds.

Fight Club
"Fight Club" is a 1996 book written by Chuck Palahniuk.

Top Pops
Top Pops was a music show, which featured popular artists performingir songs.

Trinidad Tobago
The Republic Trinidad Tobago is a nation in south Sea.

Mount St. Helens
Mount St.

Oder-Neisse line
The Oder-Neisse line  is border betweenyd since end Second World War.

Jimmy Wales
Jimmy "Jimbo" Donal Wales  is co-founder current president Wikimedia Foundation.

Exeter
Exeter is a city ind.

United States Congress
The United States Congress is legislative, law making branch United States government.

Charles Cornwallis
Lord Charles Cornwallis  was a general colonial governor.

Battle Princeton
The Battle Princeton was a battle during Revolution.

Fork
A fork is a tool for eating.

Backgammon
Backgammon is a game played by two players.

Cell wall
A cell wall is wall a plant cell.

Lima
Lima is capital city , is considered important city Peru.

Theory
Aory is an idea thatone has.

Janitor
A janitor isone who cleans up stuff.

Bovinae
Bovinae is a subfamily even-toed ungulate family Bovidae.

Mongolia
Mongolia is a country between China Russia, in Asia.

Fourier transformation
A fourier transformation is a method differential equations.

The Divine Comedy
"The Divine Comedy" is an epic poem  written by Dante Alighieri.

Artist
An artist is a person who creates art.

Jacksonville, Florida
Jacksonville is a city in northeast Florida, USA.

Heinrich Heine
Christiann Heinrich Heine  was significant poets century.

Cabbage
Cabbage  is an edible plant.

Rupee
The Rupee is severals money used in several countries: Republic India,; it was also used in erstwhile East until 1971, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, Seychelles.

Holocaust
The word holocaust means "complete destruction by fire".

500
500  is a common year calendar.

Diesel oil
Diesel oil diesel fuel is a type fuel for cars.

VHS
VHS means Video Home System.

Düsseldorfational Airport
Düsseldorfational Airport is an airport located eight kilometres from Düsseldorf,y.

Sauna
A sauna is a room building that is made hot.

Joseph Beuys
Joseph Beuys   was a artist who made arts in manys including sculpture, performance art, video art, installations.

Kunstakademie Düsseldorf
The Staatliche Kunstakademie Düsseldorf is Arts Academy city Düsseldorf.

Poet
A poet isone who writes poetry.

Ruhr-Universität Bochum
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is universities iny.

Aachen
Aachen is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Marburg
Marburg is a city in Hesse,y, on Lahn river.

Akron, Ohio
Akron is ae city in U.S.

Philipps University Marburg
The Philipps-University Marburg is oldest protestant university world, was founded by Martin Luther's friend Philipp Hesse in time reformation.

Youngstown, Ohio
Youngstown is a city in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States.

Dortmund
Dortmund is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Netherlands Antilles
Theds Antilles are a group islands in Sea.

Alfred Nobel
Alfred Nobel  was a scientist.

Algorithm
An algorithm is a step by step list directions that a problem.

Pharmacy
A pharmacy is a shop whererapeutic drugs are sold.

Kiss
People kiss each other by touching each other's lipsir mouth.

Brothel
A brothel is a bar, nightclub hotel where prostitutes work.

Latitude
The latitude Earth give distance north south equator.

Jaleel White
Jaleel White  is an actor.

Chemical substance
A chemical substance is any material with a definite chemical composition.

South tiger
The South tiger  is an almost extinct subspecies Tiger.

Windows XP
Windows XP is a version Windows operating system made by Microsoft.

Crotram
CROTRAM is a group companies that make trams.

Saint Kitts Nevis
Saint Kitts Nevis is a nation made up two islands in Sea.

Danish language
Danish isic language spoken in Denmark, Faroeds,sdy .

Niger
Niger is a country instern Africa.

Zealand
Zealand is an island Denmark.

Brunei
Theate Brunei is a country in South-East Asia.

Taka
Taka is currency.

Bogotá
Bogota is capital  Colombia.

Aymara
The Aymara are members a tribe Natives that live in Bolivia Peru.

Perihelion
The perihelion is point inbit a planet, asteroid comet where it is nearest to sun.

Johnston Atoll
Johnston Atoll is an island in Pacific.

Llama
A Llama  is a mammal "Camelidae" family.

Garbage
Garbage isone leaves behind thaty do not want to use anymore.

Mexican War
The War took place between 1846 1848 between United States America Mexico.

European Revolutions 1848
The Revolutions 1848re a series revolts in Europe.

Edvard Grieg
Edvard Grieg  was a composer pianist who composed intic period.

Palmyra Atoll
Palmyra Atoll is an island in North Pacific.

Kingman Reef
Kingman Reef is a coral reef in North Pacific, owned by United States.

Jarvisd
Jarvisd is an island owned by United States.

Robert E. Lee
Robert E.

Isaiah
Isaiah is a prophet God, who prophesied from about 740-681 B.C.

Leopold Poetsch
Leopold Poetsch was a professor a high school teacher Adolf Hitler who influenced future leader's later views.

Armenian Genocide
The Genocide was forcible deportation massacrings during government Young Turks from 1915 to 1917 in Empire.

Prime Minister United Kingdom
The Prime Minister United Kingdom is highest electedfice in United Kingdom.

River Forth
The River Forth is a river ind.

Alejandro Toledo
Alejandro Toledo is current president Peru.

Inuktitut
Inuktitut is a language Arctic, spoken by Inuits in Canada ind.

Fall Out Boy
Fall Out Boy  is a popular band from Chicago, Illinois, USA.

Greek alphabet
The Greek alphabet is thought to be where all important alphabets came from.

Good Charlotte
Good Charlotte is an rock-punk music band.

Battle Creek,
Battle Creek is a city instern, USA.

Grand Rapids,
Grand Rapids is ae city instern, United States.

Evo Morales
Juan Evo Morales Aima  is President Bolivia.

Lake Titicaca
Lake Titicaca is located between Peru Bolivia.

Howlandd
Howlandd is a island in north Pacific, just above Equator.

2005tic hurricane season
The 2005tic hurricane season was time from June 1 to November 30, 2005 when hurricanesficiallyed intic.

Christian calendar
A calendar can be any calendar used by various Churches for Church year, called "liturgical year".

Puberty
Puberty is for a process that turns children into adult humans.

Bali tiger
The Bali tiger, tiger  is three extinct sub-species tiger.

479 BC
479 BC is a year in century BC.

1202
1202 is a year in century.

Sitting Bull
Sitting Bull , realkaka, was chief a Native tribe called Hunkpapa-Lakota-Sioux.

Michelle
Michelle  is an figure skater.

Frank Jack Fletcher
Frank Jack Fletcher  was an Admiral in United States Navy.

Irina Slutskaya
Irina Slutskaya  , is a figure skater.

Lu Chen
Lu Chen   is a figure skater.

Oksana Baiul
Oksana Baiul  is a figure skater.

Hobo
A hobo is slang term for a poor homeless person who travels to different cities towns to look for work.

Wicca
Wicca is a religion.

Indo tiger
The Indo tiger  was after Bengal tiger subspecies Tiger with animals, between 1200 1800.

Office
Anfice is a room where people work.

Phenomenon
A phenomenon (Greek: ", pl.

Konstantinenko
Konstantin Ustinovichenko  was leader Soviet Union for a very time.

Shetland Sheepdog
Ad Sheepdog is a dog whose ancestors came fromdds.

Belief
A belief is a firm thought thatthing is true.

German Shepherd Dog
A Shepherd Dog is a breed dog that was bred iny.

Church SubGenius
The Church SubGenius is a religion founded by J.R.

Terryaw
Terryaw was an athlete sports presenter.

Squid
The squid is an invertebrate animal that lives in ocean.

Giant squid
The giant squid is squid in world.

Googol
The word googol was used by Milton Sirotta, nephew U.S.

National Football League
The National Football League  is an football league.

Super Bowl
The Super Bowl is a special football game played every year at end NFL season.

We Will Rock You
"We Will Rock You" is a song by Queen.

Lagos
Lagos is city in Nigeria in West Africa with more than 10 million people.

Infinitive
An infinitive is a special type a verb.

Real number
A real number ℝ is a rational irrational number.

Elvis Stojko
Elvis Stojko  is a figure skater.

Album
An album is a collection sound recordings.

Nobel Prize in Chemistry
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded by Royal Academy Sciences.

Bakerd
Bakerd is a coral island, atoll, in North Pacific.

Hermaphrodite
In Biology, anganism that can produce both sperm ova at same time is called "Hermaphrodite".

Epididymis
The epididymis is human male reproductive system.

Mammary gland
Mammary glands are female body milk for baby mammals to drink.

Kurt Browning
Kurt Browning  is a figure skater.

Airbus
Airbus SAS is a aircraft manufacturer based in Toulouse,ce.

Rapid City, South Dakota
Rapid City is-largest city in U.S.

Year without a Summer
The Year without a Summer was 1816.

Capitol building
A capitol building  is a building in a capital city.

Jersey City, New Jersey
Jersey City is a city in U.S.

San Jose, California
San Jose is a city in Santa Clara County, California in United States.

Venus, Texas
Venus, Texas is a town in United States.

Evergreen, Colorado
Evergreen, Colorado is a community in United States, about 30 miles from Denver, Colorado.

Queens
Queens is a borough New York City a county New York State.

Tollerston
Tollerston  is a figure skater.

Montreal Canadiens
The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Tyresta National Park
Tyresta National Park is a national park in Sweden.

St. Basil's Cathedral
St.

Newport
Newport is a city in southeast Wales, Great Britain.

Monmouthshire
Monmouthshire  is a county in south-east Wales.

Death grunt
A death grunt is when a singer uses a scream which is very low deep.

Clique
A clique is a group people who same things.

Goth subculture
A goth is a person who listens to gothic rock music.

Cigarette
Cigarettes can be any dried leaf rolled in thin paper to smoke, but term isten tos with dried tobacco leaves.

Gdańsk
Gdańsk is a city locate in northd, near place where Vistula river meets Baltic Sea.

Montserrat
Montserrat is a island.

Malawi
Malawi  is a country in south-east Africa.

Electromagnetic radiation
Electromagnetic waves are waves that travel at speed light.

Saint Vincent Grenadines
Saint Vincent Grenadines is an island nation in Sea.

Adolph Rupp
Adolph Frederick Rupp  was college basketball coaches in history.

Miami Dolphins
The Miami Dolphins is an football club in National Football League team based in Miami, Florida, USA.

Oksanauk & Evgeny Platov
Oksana uk  Evgeny Platov re a ice dancing couple, who won two Olympic gold medals four world championships.

Tetris
"Tetris" is a video game where goal is to drop blocks, called tetriminoes, down into a playing field to make lines.

Moldova
The Republic Moldova is a country in Europe.

Polish language
Polish  isficial languaged.

Kryptos
Kryptos is a sculpture  inington, D.C., USA.

Lech Walesa
Lech Walesa   was a shipyard worker a politician who leader Solidarity Presidentd, he won Nobel Peace Prize in 1983.

List Dutch football teams
These are Dutch football  teams.

Charles de Gaulle
General Charles-André-Joseph-Marie de Gaulle  was a French military political leader.

Sumatran Tiger
The tiger  is a subspecies Tiger that has only 500 individuals.

American Film Institute
The Film Institute  is an independent,ganization that is designed not to make money created by National Endowment for Arts, which was started in 1967 when President Lyndon B.

Fullback
A fullback full back is a defensive position in a football  game.

Antonio Meucci
Antonio Meucci  is an born inventor.

8 Mile
"8 Mile" is a controversial film starring rap star Eminem from 2002.

African people
An generally refers to a person who lives in America speaks, but whose ancestorsre from Africa.

Pol Pot
Saloth Sar   was Maoist-extremist leader Cambodia/Kampuchea between 1975 1979.

Urban
An urban area is an area where many people live work close together, usually in a city.

Sedan
In, a sedan is a car with a roof four doors .

Convertible
A convertible is a car with a roof that can be removed folded down.

Macy Gray
Macy Gray  is an singer actress.

Citizen Kane
"Citizen Kane" is a movie from 1941, starring famous Orson Welles in his full-length movie.

Nobel Prize in Physics
The Nobel Prize in Physics is a Nobel Prize in science Physics.

Dynamite
Dynamite is an explosive invented by Alfred Nobel.

Oliver &y
"Oliver &y" is an animated movie, released in United States by Walt Disney Pictures Buena Vista Pictures on November 18, 1988.

Vince Lombardi
Vincent Thomas Lombardi  was an football coach that never had a losing season.

Guano
Guano is excrement  bats birds.

Mircea Popa
Mircea Popa is a author who wrote book "Reîntoarcerea la Ithaca.

Triple point
The triple point water any substance is combination temperature pressure at which it exists in its solid, liquid, gaseous state all at once, in equilibrium.

Frequency
Frequency is cycles per.

Hockey stick
A hockey stick is a long, wooden pole, pass, shoot in sports ice hockey field hockey.

Snoop Dogg
Snoop Dogg is a rapper  actor.

Malayan tiger
The tiger  is a new subspecies tiger that was discovered in 2004.

Caspian tiger
The tiger  is an extinct subspecies tiger.

String instrument
A string instrument is a musical instrument that makes sound by vibrating its strings.

Yankee Doodle Dandy
"Yankee Doodle Dandy" is a 1942 biographical musical movie.

Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
"Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" is a 1967 comedy-drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Sidney Poitier, Katharine Houghton.

Bringing Up Baby
"Bringing Up Baby" is a 1938 comedy movie starring Caryt Katharine Hepburn.

The Searchers
"The Searchers" is a 1956 epicstern movie, directed by John Ford starring John Wayne, about a man looking for his niece who was taken by Natives.

Goodfellas
"Goodfellas" is a popular 1990 movie directed by Martin about life in Mafia.

Soldier
A soldier isone who is a an army.

Yellowstone River
The Yellowstone River is a river in northwestern United States.

Toy
A toy isthing to play with.

Unicorn
A Unicorn is an animal from fiction.

Radium
Radium is a chemical element on periodic table.

Dhaka
Dhaka is capital city, previously known as Dacca upon till 1982.

Darwin, Territory
Darwin is territorial capital Territory in Australia.

Northern Territory
The Territory is a territory Australia.

Whiskey Rebellion
The Whiskey Rebellion was an event in history United States.

Saginaw,
Saginaw is a city in mid, USA, with about 70,000 people in city as 2000 census.

Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise  is an actor.

Magazine
A magazine is a type book people read.

Zombie
A zombie zombi is a dead person who has as a walking corpse .

Orgy
In common use, angy is when more than two people have sex together,times also called group sex.

Labradoodle
A Labradoodle is a mixed-breed dog, created by breeding a Labrador Retriever with a Poodle.

Heilongjiang
Heilongjiang is northeastern-most province in China.

Jilin
Jilin is 3 provinces in far northeastern China.

Liaoning
Liaoning is a northeastern province People's Republic China.

Basin
A basin can be any thing place that water other things are held in by gravity.

Blade
A blade is flat, sharp a toolapon stab, such as a knife sword.

Key
A key is an object close things, for example, doors.

Rat
The rat is a mammal.

Branch
Branch is a tree from which leaves grow.

Spoon
A spoon is a tool for eating.

Cutlery
Cutlery are tools, serving eating food.

Vase
A vase is a container,ten.

Yemen
The Republic Yemen Yemen is a nation in Middle East, composed North Yemen South Yemen, in south Peninsula.

Sensory system
The sensory system controls senses.

Nikola Tesla
Nikola Tesla (July 10, 1856 – c.

Inspector Gadget
"Inspector Gadget" is a syndicated television cartoon that ran from 1983 to 1986.

Syndicated
Syndicated means television program being shown on a different television network than that showed program.

Cartoon
A cartoon is a drawing.

Square root
A square root a number is number that is multiplied by itself gives number.

Negative number
A negative number is a number that indicates an opposite.

Hail
A piece hail  is a lump ice that falls a storm cloud.

Academy Award
The Academy Awards, commonly known as Oscars, are-known movie awards in United States.

Brake
A brake is a device for slowing stopping a moving machine.

Bucket
A bucket is a container with a wide open top a handle that is mainly liquids.

Lightbulb
A lightbulb  is a device that produces light from electricity when it is turned on.

Grammy Award
The Grammy Awards , are awards given yearly by Recording Academy  forstanding work in music spoken recording industry.

Emmy Award
The Emmy Awards are United States television production awards which are given each year.

Maggie Simpson
Margaret "Maggie" Simpson is a fictional character shown in animated television series "The Simpsons".

Marge Simpson
Marjorie "Marge" Simpson is a character in animated television series "The Simpsons".

Pin
A pin is an object to a surface.

Dining room
A dining room is a room is usually near to a kitchen to make serving food easier.

Crown
A crown is a type headdress worn by a monarch.

Rudolf Hess
Walter Richard Rudolf Hess   was a High Ranking Nazi leader, Adolf Hitler's closest men.

Quantum entanglement
Quantum entanglement is a term how twoicles act together.

Amin Maalouf
Amin Maalouf is a author.

Bulb
A bulb is plants,ly under dirt, that stores food while plant is resting from growing .

Gluon
Gluons are hold quarks together to makeicles.

Humphrey Davy
Sir Humphry Davy, Baronet, FRS  , was a chemist whose study electrochemistry chemical elements such as potassium sodium.

Myxobolus cerebralis
"Myxobolus cerebralis" is a creature that eats insides fish salmon trout, causing whirling disease.

Aamir
Aamir  is a Bollywood actor.

Bahá'í Faith
The Bahá'í Faith is a religion started in 1800's by Bahá'u'lláh who was born in,.

Neoclassical economics
Neoclassical economics is an economicory that argues for markets to be free.

Nile
The Nile  is a river in Africa.

Statue
A Statue is a modelbodything, usually a persontimes an animal.

Golden Retriever
Golden Retrievers are a very popular dog.

Idea
When I thinkthing, that which I think about is called an "idea".

Connection
A connection is when two things are put together.

Nobuo Uematsu
Nobuo Uematsu  is a composer video game music.

Dharma
Dharma Dhamma is many religions spiritual belief systems that began in India.

Walter Sisulu
Walter Max Ulyate Sisulu  was a South freedom fighter.

List U.S. state capitals
This is a list United States state capital cities.

Juneau, Alaska
Juneau  is capital city U.S.

Phoenix, Arizona
Phoenix is capital city U.S.

Little Rock,sas
Little Rock is capital city city U.S.

Hartford, Connecticut
Hartford is capital city U.S.

Dover, Delaware
Dover is capital city U.S.

Boise, Idaho
Boise is capital city U.S.

Springfield, Illinois
Springfield is capital city U.S.

Indianapolis,a
Indianapolis is capital city city U.S.

Des Moines, Iowa
Des Moines is capital city U.S.

Topeka, Kansas
Topeka is capital city U.S.

Baton Rouge,a
Baton Rouge is capital city U.S.

Augusta, Maine
Augusta is capital city U.S.

Saint Paul, Minnesota
Saint Paul is capital city U.S.

Jackson, Mississippi
Jackson is capital city city U.S.

Jefferson City, Missouri
Jefferson City is capital city in Missouri, United States.

Helena,a
Helena is capital city U.S.

Carson City, Nevada
Carson City is capital city state Nevada.

Austin, Texas
Austin is capital city U.S.

Montpelier, Vermont
Montpelier is capital city U.S.

Concord, Newire
Concord is capital city U.S.

Trenton, New Jersey
Trenton is capital city U.S.

Santa Fe, New Mexico
Santa Fe is capital city U.S.

Albany, New York
Albany is capital city U.S.

Raleigh, North Carolina
Raleigh is capital city U.S.

Bismarck, North Dakota
Bismarck is capital city U.S.

Columbus, Ohio
Columbus is capital city city U.S.

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Oklahoma City is capital city U.S.

Wichita, Kansas
Witchita is city in United States State Kansas.

Casablanca (movie)
"Casablanca" is a 1942 movie set in cityca during World War II.

The Godfather
"The Godfather" is a 1972 movie directed bycis Ford Coppola.

Venus fly-trap
The Venus fly-trap is a carnivorous plant.

Prime number
A prime number is a positive, whole number that is special in ways.

Igloo
An igloo  is a shelter  made from blocks snow placed on top each other,ten in shape a dome .

Dust
Dust is fine, solidicles matter.

Phantom Opera
"Thetom Opera"  is a French novel by Gaston Leroux.

Fleet,ire
Fleet is a tiny town inire, United Kingdom tends to be a dormitory town serving London Reading.

Hentai
Hentai is a word that literally means "strange appearance", but is also "perverted".

List redundant expressions
A redundant expression is a sentence with two words that mean same thing.

Snowboarding
Snowboarding is a sport in which a person stands on a "snowboard" rides down a slope covered with snow.

Aquamarine
Aquamarine is a gemstone,d for its blue-green color, which looks shallow seas.

Trinitrotoluene
TNT  is an explosive similar to dynamite .

Spore
A spore is way fungi non-flowering plants, such as ferns mosses reproduce , same way seeds other plants do.

Radiohead
Radiohead is an rock band from near city called Oxford.

Ladino language
Ladino is a language that is close to language.

Guns N' Roses
Guns N' Roses is a popular hard rock band.

Tsunami
A tsunami is a wave in ocean caused by earthquakes volcanic eruptions.

Lake Chaubunagungamaug
Lake Chaubunagungamaug,chauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg, Lake Webster is a lake in United States.

Hans Enoksen
Hans Enoksen  is Prime Ministerd.

Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit
Nunarput utoqqarsuangoravit is national anthemd.

Ben Stiller
Ben Stiller  is an movie actor comedian.

Sieve Eratosthenes
The Sieve Eratosthenes is a simple test to check if a number is a prime number.

Benjaminklin
Benjaminklin  was "Founding Fathers" United States, country's earliest politicians.

Noble Eightfold Path
In Buddhism, Noble Eightfold Path  is path to end suffering.

George III United Kingdom
George III  was King Great Britain Kingd from October 25, 1760 until January 1, 1801.

Gone with Wind
"Gone with Wind" is a 1936 book by Margaret Mitchell, a famous 1939 movie same from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies
AFI's 100 Years...

Flagd
The Flagd was designed byder Thuesen.

Greenlandic language
Kalaallisut, indic, is given to standard dialectficial languaged.

Anglophone
An Anglophone is a person who speaks language.

Worm
A worm is an invertebrate animal with a long body  no legs.

Wire
Wire is a long, thin flexible piece metal.

Whistle
A whistle is a thing to make a high sound, act making a similar sound with a person's breath throughir lips.

Whip
A whip is a long strand leather other fabric with a hard handle.

Die Toten Hosen
Die Toten Hosen is a punk band from Düsseldorf,y.

Balalaika
The balalaika is a musical stringed instrument.

Klezmer
Klezmer is a music.

New South Wales
New South Wales is states Australia.

Hemp
Hemp ("Cannabis sativa" subsp.

Lung
The lung is angan in many vertebrates .

Kansas City
Kansas City may be two cities in United States America.

Rock music
Rock music is a genre popular musicten, but not always, has electric guitar, bass guitar, drums, singing.

Cream
Cream  is fatty regular milk.

Time dilation
Time dilation is a physics concept special relativity.

Supreme Court United States
The Supreme Court United States is highest court in United States America.

Falling
Falling is movement that happens due to gravity, such as whenthing rollsf a table falls down to floor.

Autumn
Autumn is season after summer before winter.

Holocaust denial
Holocaust denial is belief that The Holocaust  did not happen, happened on a scale.

John Locke
John Locke  was an philosopher late century.

Marcha Real
La Marcha Real  is national anthem  Spain.

Satellite
A satellite is any object thatbits another object in space.

Césarville-Dossainville
Césarville-Dossainville is a French village, which is located in "département" "Loiret" "région" "Centre".

La Marseillaise
La Marseillaise is national anthemce.

Nashville, Tennessee
Nashville is capital city U.S.

Salem, Oregon
Salem  is capital city state Oregon in United States America, county seat Marion County.

Harrisburg,ia
Harrisburg is capital cityia, four U.S.

Olympia,ington
Olympia is capital city stateington, in United States America.

Invertebrate
Invertebrate is a animal that does not have a spinal column "backbone".

Sugar, We're Goin Down
Sugar, We’re Goin' Down is single from Under The Cork Tree album, by Fall Out Boy it wasir debut.

Lawrence Arabia
"Lawrence Arabia" is an epic movie from 1962, based on life T.

Glyphosate
Glyphosate is a non-selective herbicide used in agriculture for controleds, shrubs, grasses.

Pudding
Pudding is a popular dessert snack.

Sigmund Freud
Sigmund Freud  was an neurologist  famous psychologist.

Snack
A snack is a food.

Providence, Rhoded
Providence is capital city in Rhoded, a state United States America.

Columbia, South Carolina
Columbia is capital city U.S.

Pierre, South Dakota
Pierre is capital city South Dakota, a state United States America.

Charleston, West Virginia
Charleston is capital city West Virginia, a state United States America.

Madison, Wisconsin
Madison is capital city Wisconsin, a state in United States America.

Cheyenne, Wyoming
Cheyenne is capital city Wyoming, a state United States America.

Jeannie Longo
"Longo" redirects here.

Buckminster Fuller
Richard Buckminster "Bucky" Fuller  was an philosopher, architect, inventor.

Bill Harry
Bill Harry is an author, from Liverpool.

Paul Bremer
Lewis Paul Bremer III  is an author politician.

William P. Frye
William Pierce Frye  was a United States politician from Maine.

Headache
A headache is when your head hurts.

Fever
A fever is when a person's body temperature is hotter than 37.5 degrees Celsius .

Peoria, Illinois
Peoria is a city on Illinois River in U.S.

Sedative
A sleeping pill  is a drug that people take to helpm sleep.

Epilepsy
Epilepsy is a common chronic neurological condition that is characterised by unprovoked seizures.

Trout
A trout is a fish.

Tijuana
Tijuana is a city in Mexico.

Tampa, Florida
Tampa is a city in Florida, a state United States.

Diana Krall
Diana Krall  is a jazz singer pianist from Nanaimo, Columbia.

Juno Award
The Juno Awards are awards given to musical artists bands, similar to United States' Grammy Awards.

Half-Life 2
Half-Life 2 is a person shooter video game created by company Valve.

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" is a horror movie released in 1974, based on real events.

Encryption
Encryption is a method which allows information to be hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge tools.

Gelsenkirchen
Gelsenkirchen is a city iny in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Pseudoscience
Pseudoscience is a method, practice area knowledge that is mistakenly considered as scientific.

Nuclear missile
Nuclear missiles are missiles  with atomic bombs inside.

Pituitary gland
The pituitary gland is located at base brain, is an essential component endocrine system.

Miskolc
Miskolc is city Hungary capital Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county.

Boeing
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner, unveiled on July 8, 2007 , is still in development stage production flight is.

Uterus
The uterus womb is female body in which babies grow, spend nine months developing during pregnancy.

Satanism
Satanism is a word for several religions philosophies.

Decatur, Illinois
Decatur is a city in state Illinois.

Elba
Elba  is island Italy, after Sardinia Sicily.

Saint Helena (disambiguation)
See also: St Helens; St.

North Africa
Most north Africa is desert, which means it is very dry does not rain very much.

Sanskrit
Sanskrit is an ancient Indo language, oldest languages Indo language family.

Dementia
Dementia is progressive decline in cognitive function.

Elastic
Something that is elastic can be stretched deformed , a rubber band.

Harmonica
A harmonica is musical instrument that is played with mouth by blowing into holes in its side.

Straits Florida
The Straits Florida  is a strait located between Florida Keys Cuba.

Electron microscope
An electron microscope is a microscope that uses electrons.

Insomnia
Insomnia is when people can not sleep.

Airbus A320
The Airbus A320 is an airplane made by multi-national company Airbus that flew in 1987.

Priest
A priest priestess is a person who is religious rites.

Red Sea
The Red Sea is a sea between peninsula Asia in northeast Africa in southwest.

List country calling codes
The following is a list country calling codes'".

Charles Lindbergh
Charles Augustus Lindbergh , known as "Lucky Lindy" "The Lone Eagle", was a pioneering United States airplane pilot famous for making solo non-stop flight acrosstic in 1927.

Pilot
A pilot is a person that drives a vehicle  such as an airplane, spacecraft, boat.

Charles August Lindbergh
Charles August Lindbergh, Sr.

Faroeds
The Faroeds Føroyar  are a group islands eighteen islands, in northtic betweend, Norway,d.

Faroese language
Faroese isic language Faroeds.

Laura Ingalls Wilder
Laura Ingalls Wilder  was an writer.

Mestizo
Mestizo  is a term for a person who is mixed  Native ancestry.

Royal Air Force
The Royal Air Force  is air force United Kingdom.

Tequila
Tequila is a Latin drink from Mexico that contains alcohol.

The Book Oned One Nights
According to a legend, anyone who reads all 1001 stories will become mad.

Coup d'etat
A coup d'état , just coup  for, is removal a head state from power .

Walt Disney
Walter Elias Disney  was a famous entertainer.

Sunday School
Sunday School is a class found in many churches, mosques religious communities.

Eucharist
The Eucharist, also called holy communion, sacrament, Lord's Supper, is a religious ritual in many churches.

Little House on Prairie
"Little House on Prairie" is a book written by Laura Ingalls Wilder in 1935.

Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano
Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano is italian choir children.

Ward Cunningham
Howard G.

Rope
A rope is made several threads.

The X-Files
"The X-Files" is a popular television series, created between 1993 2002.

Patent
A patent is a right given by a government to a person company that has made an invention.

The Wizard Oz (1939 movie)
"The Wizard Oz" is a 1939 movie from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, based on L.

Gillian Anderson
Gillian Leigh Anderson  is an actress.

Debt
Debt isone owes toone else.

Uranium
Uranium is a chemical element  on periodic table.

The Graduate
"The Graduate" is a 1967 movie based on a novel by Charles Webb, directed by Mike Nichols.

Aquitaine
Aquitaine is a region in soutwestce.

Frances Winfield
Frances Winfield is wife an politician, L.

Nightmare
The term nightmare refers to very dreams that sleeper finds disturbing.

Melilla
Melilla is a city in North Africa, right opposite Spain.

Ceuta
Ceuta is a city in North Africa, at Strait Gibraltar.

Burkina Faso
Burkina Faso is a country in West Africa.

Battle Waterloo
The Battle Waterloo was last battle French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte, fought on June 18, 1815.

São Tomé Príncipe
The Democratic Republic São Tomé Príncipe is a island nation in Gulf Guinea.

Equatorial Guinea
The Republic Equatorial Guinea is a nation inst central Africa, countries in Africa.

Teodorog Nguema Mbasogo
Teodorog Nguema Mbasogo  is President Equatorial Guinea.

Hogwarts
Hogwarts School Witchcraft Wizardry is a fictional boarding school in J.

Toronto Maple Leafs
The Toronto Maple Leafs are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Detroit Red Wings
The Detroit Red Wings are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League.

Wayne Gretzky
Wayne Gretzky  was a ice hockey player in National Hockey League  for 20 seasons.

Hart Memorial Trophy
The Hart Trophy is given to valuable player National Hockey League every year.

Frankfurt am Main
Frankfurt am Main is cities iny.

Hugh Capetce
Hugh Capet   was Kingce from 987 until his death in 996.

Disneynel
Disneynel is a cable television network that is owned by The Walt Disneyy.

List dog breeds
People havely bred dogs for thousands years.

Milli Vanilli
Milli Vanilli was a musical group.

Geology
Geology is study nonliving things that Earth is made.

Pisa
Pisa is a city in Italy.

Cheshire
Cheshire is a county ind.

Caymands
Theds are a territory United Kingdom in Sea.

1210
1210 is a year in century.

E-mail
Electronic mail  is anet service that allows people who have an e-mail address  to send receive electronic letters.

1242
1242 is a year in century .

The Dillinger Escape
The Dillinger Escape is an punk/metal music group.

Queensrÿche
Queensryche is an Progressive Rock / Metal band.

Midnight Oil
Midnight Oil is a rock band.

Jon Bon Jovi
Jon Bon Jovi  is a musician actor.

Maxi Priest
Maxi Priest  is a reggae singer.

On Waterfront
"On Waterfront" is a 1954 movie about mob violence among longshoremen .

Faith No More
Faith No More is an alternative rock band.

The Pretenders
The Pretenders are an rock punk rock band.

Schindler's List
"Schindler's List" is a 1993 movie set in World War II, directed by Steven Spielberg.

Chlorofluorocarbon
Chlorofluorocarbons  are gases used in refrigerant aerosols: a gas containing carbon,  chlorine, fluorine, used as a refrigerant aerosol propellant.

Singin' in Rain
"Singin' in Rain" is a 1952 movie musical starring Gene Kelly.

North South
North South is a novel by John Jakes.

Apparatus
An apparatus is an object which can be certain function.

Internet Movie Database
Theet Movie Database  is an online database information  about actors, movies, television shows, video games.

Chicago Blackhawks
The Chicago Blackhawks are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Cape Verde
Cape Verde is a country in Africa.

Madeirads
Madeirads is a group islands next to Peninsula.

Cameroon
Cameroon is a country in Africa.

Guinea-Bissau
Guinea-Bissau is a country in Africa.

Mauritius
Mauritius is an island country.

It's a Life
"It's a Life" is a 1946 movie that was directed byk Capra, produced by his own company , released by RKO Radio Pictures.

Djibouti
Djibouti is a country in Africa.

Mauritania
Mauritania is a country in northwest Africa.

Lake Huron
Lake Huron is North America's five Great Lakes.

Réunion
Réunion  is an island overseas département ce, meaningce owns island nation.

Lake Erie
Lake Erie is Great Lakes in North America.

Mali
Mali is a country inst Africa.

Chief Joseph
Chief Joseph   was chief Nez Perce Natives, a tribe that lived in is now Pacific Northwest United States, .

Seychelles
Seychelles is a country in.

Square mile
A square mile  is a U.S.

Regions Peru
A Region is for 25 areas into which land is divided in Peru.

Ica Region
Ica is 25 regions Peru.

Togo
Togo is a country in Africa, located between Benina onstern coast.

Bad Religion
Bad Religion is an punk rock band from Los Angeles, California.

Meat Puppets
The Meat Puppets are an alternative/punk rock group from Scottsdale, Arizona, USA.

Ted Bundy
Theodore Robert "Ted" Bundy  was prolific serial killers in United States history.

Longboarding
Longboarding is a skateboarding.

Graffiti
Graffiti are marks writing made on a wall with paint spray paint .

Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée
"Appellation d'Origine Controlée"  is a French phrase which shows that a product comes from a certain area.

Distillation
Distillation is a chemical engineering unit operation where two liquids are separated from each other.

Lawyer
A lawyer  isone who studied law got a degree in that discipline.

Loreto Region
Loreto is Peru's northern region.

Iquitos
Iquitos is capital city Loreto Region in northern Peru.

Apple juice
Apple juice is juice from apples.

Calvados (drink)
Calvados is an alcoholic drink.

Still
A still is a tool a liquid.

Ravioli
Ravioli is a type pasta dish.

The Bridge on River Kwai
"The Bridge on River Kwai" is a 1957 movie from Columbia Pictures, based on Pierre Boulle's 1952 book "The Bridge over River Kwai" .

Tannin
Tannins are bitter-tasting chemical compounds that bind proteins.

Cuisine
Cuisine is a French word, literally means kitchen.

Hotel
A hotel a guest-house is ae building with many rooms, where people can sleep wheny are not at home.

Some Like It Hot
"Some Like It Hot" is a 1959 comedy movie starring Marilyn Monroe Jack Lemmon, directed by Billy Wilder.

Yale University
Yale University is a university in state Connecticut.

Salzburg, Austria
Salzburg is capital state Salzburg.

Basque language
Basque  is language spoken by Basque people who live in Pyrenees in North-Central Spain bordering region Southce.

Heinz Fischer
Heinz Fischer  is current president Austria.

Chlorine
Chlorine  is a chemical element.

Halogen
The halogens are chemical elements under-to-right column in periodic table, also known as Group 7.

Vitamin
A vitamin is an acid that is body to work correctly.

Adultery
Adultery is a word used in religious texts in laws.

Perjury
Perjury is word person who saysthing that he she knows is wrong, that person does so whiley are under oath .

Lust
Lust is a term for a strong desire wanting, maybe even needing,ten for sexual acts, although it is also commonly a "lust for life" a "lust for power" for other goals.

Seven deadly sins
People see that sins are connected.

Bromine
Bromine is a chemical element.

Fluorine
Fluorine  is a chemical element which exists as a yellow diatomic gas.

Iodine
Iodine is a chemical element.

Astatine
Astatine is a chemical element.

Nucleus (physics)
The nucleus is central an atom, it is made protons neutrons.

United States Housentatives
The United States Housentatives is a United States (U.

Lourdes Flores Nano
Lourdes Celmira Flores Nano is a politician.

Novel
A novel is a long work literature that is fiction.

Fiction
Fiction is a story that's not true.

Oak Lawn, Illinois
Oak Lawn is a village in Cook County, Illinois, USA.

Fossil fuel
Fossil fuels are fuels from fossils.

Boston Bruins
The Boston Bruins are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

George Morrow
George Morrow (c.

Dietary mineral
Dietary minerals are chemical elements that living things bey eat, other than four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen which are already very common in living things.

Cleveland,d
Cleveland is a non metropolitan county in North Eastd.

Hungarian language
Hungarian is a Finno-Ugric language, which is a member Uralic language family.

Rochester, New York
Rochester is-largest city in U.S.

Shop
A shop, also spelled shoppe, is a store where people can go to buy items thaty need want.

One Flew Over Cuckoo's Nest (movie)
"One Flew Over Cuckoo's Nest" was a 1975 movie based on a book by Ken Kesey.

Dr.gelove
"Dr.

Animal husbandry
Animal husbandry is looking after breeding animals,icularly livestock.

Walt Disney World Resort
The Walt Disney World Resort, also called Walt Disney World Disney World, is located in Florida, United States.

Harp
The harp is a musical instrument.

Kassam Stadium
Kassam Staudium is an arena in Oxford,d.

347 BC
348 BC - 347 BC - 346 BC .

Nucleotide
A nucleotide is a chemical compound that has an atomic ring, a sugar, information stored within a DNA molecule, more phosphate groups.

Voting
Voting is when people make a decision by sayingy want.

Joule
A joule is a unit in SI system.

Carl Friedrich Gauss
 was a famous mathematician from Göttingen,y.

Grand Canyon
Thed Canyon is a very canyon in Arizona, United States.

Dairy product
Dairy products are foods that are made from milk.

Alberto Fujimori
Alberto Fujimori  was President Peru from 1990-2001.

List Presidents Peru
This is a list Presidents Peru.

New York Rangers
The New York Rangers are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Headstone
A headstone, gravestone tombstone is a marker, normally made from stone, that is person that is buried beneath it .

Vancouver Canucks
The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Mi Reflejo
"Mi Reflejo" is-language album by pop singer Christina Aguilera.

Behavior
Behaviour  can have two meanings which are related.

Ankle
In anatomy, ankle is joint that links foot to leg.

Hot
If you put heat tothing , it will get hot.

Tangsudo
Tangsudo, dangsudo tang soo do  is a martial art.

Annie Hall
"Annie Hall" is a 1977 movie from United Artists.

Hayao Miyazaki
Hayao Miyazaki   is a leader in area anime, animation.

Gasoline
Gasoline, gas, petrol is a fuel.

Tropical cyclone
A tropical cyclone is a circle shapedather with a low pressure middle group a thunderstorms.

Aymara language
The Aymara language is spoken by Aymara tribe in Bolivia, Peru, north Chile.

Michelle Bachelet
Michelle Bachelet  became woman president Chile on March 11, 2006.

Zhou
It is also word for "U.

Politician
A politician isone in politics who has, who runs for, a governmentalfice.

Sendero Luminoso
Sendero Luminoso, , is a Maoist group which is based on communist ideologies.

Fat
Fat isthing found in foods, it is concentrated energy that a human can use.

Saturated fat
Saturated fat is a fat.

Mackinac Bridge
The Mackinac Bridge is a 5-mile-long  bridge that carries a four-lane interstate highway, Interstate 75.

Unsaturated fat
Health.

Cold fusion
Cold nuclear fusion is nuclear fusion at room temperature normal pressure.

Cusco
Cusco is a city in southeastern Peru, nearay Valley  in Andes mountain range.

Cusco Region
Cusco is a region in Peru.

Midnight Cowboy
"Midnight Cowboy" is a 1969 movie, released by United Artists.

Age consent
If two people want to have sex, law says thaty must have a certain "age".

Andy Richter
Andy Richter  is an comedian actor, known for his role as O'Brien's sidekick on "Late Night with O'Brien".

Jenniferholm
Jenniferholm (b.

Sandra Day O'Connor
Sandra Day O'Connor  is on Supreme Court United States.

John Paul Stevens
John Paul Stevens  is on Supreme Court United States.

Antonin Scalia
Antonin Scalia  is a jurist on Supreme Court United States.

Anthony Kennedy
Anthony Kennedy is on Supreme Court United States.

David Souter
David Souter is a member Supreme Court United States.

Clarence Thomas
Clarence Thomas is a Justice Supreme Court United States.

Stephen Breyer
Stephen Breyer is a Justice Supreme Court United States.

Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Ruth Bader Ginsberg is a Justice Supreme Court United States.

John G. Roberts
John Glover Roberts, Jr.

Tacna Region
Tacna Region is southern region in Peru.

Tacna
Tacna is a city in Peru.

Franz Kafka
Franz Kafka  was a famous Czech-born,-speaking writer.

Eva Braun
Eva Anna Paula Braun  was longtime girlfriend  Adolf Hitler.

Computer recycling
Computer recycling means taking things from old computers usingm in new computer things.

Nagasaki
Nagasaki is ae city inu,stern.

Ayyavazhi
Ayyavazhi அய்யாவழி , is a religion with god that started in South India in middle century.

Akilattirattuai
Akilathirattuai அகிலத்திரட்டு அம்மானை  + thirattu  + ammanai ), also called Thiru Edu , is main religious book Ayyavazhi,ficially a branch Hinduism.

Ayya Vaikundar
Ayya Vaikundar அய்யா வைகுண்டர், is a Manu  avatar  Lorda according to Akilattirattuai holy book Ayyavazhi religion,ficially a Tamil Hindu branch.

Politicalies iny
There are several politicalies iny.

Planck mass
Theck mass is a unit mass used in physics.

Human sexuality
Human sexuality can be described as wayone is people.

War Peace
"War Peace" is a famous long novel written by Leo Tolstoy, a writer.

Bay City,
The city Bay City is a city in state, United States.

Zirconium
Zirconium is a chemical elemental metal.

Yttrium
Yttrium is a chemical elemental metal.

Windows 98
Windows 98 is an operating system for computers.

Waste
Waste is used, discarded, unwanted materials.

Republic Congo
The Republic Congo is a country in Africa.

Gabon
The Republic Gabon is a country in Africa.

Tamil Nadu
Tamil Nadu is states in south India.

Duck
Duck is common for several species birds in family "Anatidae".

North by Northwest
"North by Northwest" is a 1959 movie thriller from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Nightwish
Nightwish is a symphonic metal band fromd.

Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone is a country in West Africa.

Door
A door is a hard, flat thing a person can open close so person can go into a room other place.

Raichu
Raichu is a made up character in Pokémon TV series.

Boeing 737
The Boeing 737 is a medium sized airplane built by North company Boeing.

Tsar
Tsar is a for ruler Bulgaria in 913–1422, later usage in 1908–1946 emperor Russia from 1546 until 1917.

Engelbert Dollfuss
Engelbert Dollfuss   wascellor Austria from 1932 until 1933.

Language isolate
A language isolate is a language that does not have another language.

Species
In taxonomy, a species is a animal plant.

Ancestor
An ancestor is a parent, a parent's parent , a parent's parent's parent , so on.

River dolphin
River dolphins are four species  dolphin which live in fresh water rivers estuaries.

Estuary
An estuary is a place near ocean where saltwater mixes with freshwater.

James Bond
James Bond is a fictional spy created by Ian Fleming in 1953.

A Streetcar Named Desire
"A Streetcar Named Desire" is a 1947 play by Tennessee Williams.

Tetrahedron
A tetrahedron is a three dimensional shape.

Robert Hooke
Robert Hooke was born ind in 1635, died in 1703.

Leo Tolstoy
Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy  was a novelist anarchist, famous for writing books "War Peace" "Anna Karenina".

California wine
Wine made in state California has a long history.

Butch Cassidyce Kid
"Butch Cassidyce Kid" is a 1969 movie from Century Fox.

Mehmed II
Mehmed II  was Empire for a time from 1444 to 1446, later from 1451 to 1481.

The Bold
"The Bold" is a popular soap opera in United States.

Primary color
The primary colors  are colors that cannot be created by mixing other colors in a given color space.

Umbilicus
The umbilicus  is body mammals that is left after a baby loses its umbilical cord.

James Cook
Captain James Cook, FRS  – February 14, 1779) was an explorer, navigator cartographer.

Offside rule
Thefside rule is oldest soccer rules, but is still a much discussed rule.

Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is a holiday that happens on February 14.

Canaryds
The Canaryds is a group islandsf coast Morocco.

Edinburgh Airport
Edinburgh Airport  is an airport ind.

Lufthansa
Lufthansa is airline iny, in Europe.

Orlando Bloom
Orlandochard Bloom  is a actor.

1791
The year 1791 started on a Saturday in calendar.

Chromium
Chromium is a chemical element.

Neon
Neon is a gas.

Tin
Tin is a slightly soft, silvery metal.

Silicon
Silicon is element 14 on periodic table.

Cadmium
Cadmium is a metal.

Krypton
Krypton is a noble gas.

Noble gas
Allse gases are found in air.

Polonium
Polonium is a rare radioactive metalloid.

Bismuth
Bismuth is a metal.

Iridium
Iridium is element on periodic table.

Transition metal
Transition metals are a group metals that are found in middle periodic table.

Osmium
Osmium is a chemical element.

Radon
Radon is element 86 on periodic table.

FTP
FTP stands for Filesfer Protocol, it is mainly receive files onet.

Hypertextsfer Protocol
Hypertextsfer Protocol  is a communications protocol.

Ethernet
Ethernet is a way connecting computers together in a local area network LAN.

Obesity
Obesity is condition being much too heavy fors height.

Phillips Academy
Phillips Academy  is a high school for boys girls in Andover, Massachusetts, near Boston, USA.

Gluttony
Gluttony is a wasting resources.

Greed
Greed is a desire to have mores, morealth that is needed.

Mazurek Dąbrowskiego
"Mazurek Dąbrowskiego" is national anthem, made in 1797 by Józef Wybicki.

Fornication
Fornication is a word that means having sex withone who is not your spouse.

Profit
Profit is how much moneybody  makes.

Roasting
Roasting is a way cooking.

Influenza
Influenza  is a very common disease.

Pancreas
The pancreas is angan that releases hormones enzymes to help digestion.

Chloroplast
A chloroplast is a structure inside cells a plant that absorbs light allows it to do a process known as photosynthesis.

Chlorophyll
Chlorophyll is a chemical found in chloroplasts plants that allows plant to absorb light.

Oak
The oak tree is a hardwood forest tree.

Glucose
Glucose is a simple carbohydrate, "sugar".

Cellulose
Cellulose is main chemical thats main structure plants.

Wikiquote
Wikiquote is a "sister"  project Wikipedia.

Brasília
Brasília is capital city.

Musical genre
Plusre are several more common music genres.

To be
The to be verb is an important verb in language.

Dim sum
Dim sum is a way serving food.

Super Bros. Melee
"Super Bros.

Catalyst
A catalyst isthing that makes a chemical reaction happen faster.

Hydrogen peroxide
Hydrogen peroxide is a chemical compound.

Mayotte
Mayotte is an island in next to Madagascar.

Halldór Ásgrímsson
Halldór Ásgrímsson  is Prime Ministerd.

Somaliland
Somaliland is a country in Africa.

NSDAP 25 points manifesto
The 25 points manifesto is a 25 point plan written by Adolf Hitler Anton Drexler for NSDAP when it was founded in 1920.

Penny
A penny  is a coin in United Kingdom.

Matt Groening
Matt Groening is a cartoonist.

Nikolaiovich Lobachevsky
Nikolaiovich Lobachevsky , 1792–1856) was a mathematician.

Wildebeest
A wildebeest  is an animal.

Predator
A predator is a animal that hunts, catches eats other animals.

Serengeti
The Serengeti  is a region woodlands grasslands in southern Africa.

Spider
Spiders are invertebrate arachnids that have eight legs, make silk.

Grass
Grass is a type plant that covers ground a green rug.

Cacao tree
The Cacao tree is a treeiginally in tropical South America.

Mahabad
Mahabad ;  is a city in.

Shivan Qaderi
Shivan Qaderi  was a student opposition activist in.

Sauce
Sauce is a hot a cold liquid that is food to add flavor to it.

Spaghetti
Spaghetti is an type pasta.

Emperor Penguin
The Emperor Penguin  is a penguin that lives in Antarctica.

Snares Penguin
The Snares Penguin , also known as Snares Crested Penguin Snaresds Penguin, is a penguin from Newd.

Chahar-cheragh Square
Chahar-cheragh Square  , is a public square in centre city Mahabad.

Complex number
A complex number is a type number.

Frederick I Prussia
Frederick I Prussia , July 11, 1657 – February 25, 1713) dynasty was King in Prussia .

Siege Jerusalem (1187)
The Siege Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2, 1187.

Beer Hall Putsch
The Beer Hall Putsch was a failed coup d'etat in Munich,y between evening November 8 morning November 9, 1923.

Verona
Verona is a town in Veneto region in Italy with 260,000 inhabitants.

Kiev
Kiev Kyiv  is capital city country Ukraine.

Harare
Harare is capital Zimbabwe.

Seventh-day Adventist Church
The Seventh-day Adventist Church is a regulart denomination church, but it has beliefs that are different fromt denominations.

Antony Cleopatra
"Antony Cleopatra" is a play by Shakespeare.

Het Wilhelmus
"Wilhelmus" is title word Dutch national anthem.

Fuzzy logic
Fuzzy logic is a computer logic that is different from boolean algebra.

Douala
Douala is city in country Cameroon.

37
37 is a year in century.

1243
1243 is a year in century .

1052
Births.

Gleiwitz incident
The Gleiwitz incident was a planned attack against radio station "Sender Gleiwitz" in town Gliwice on night August 31, 1939.

Free
Free means two different things.

Mackinacd
Mackinacd is an island in Lake Huron.

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Stars
AFI's 100 Years...

Havana
Havana is capital city Cuba, with a population 2.2 million, city in.

Bismarck
Bismarck is a family.

Crusinallo
Crusinallo, with 4000 people, is populated district town Omegna .

People for Ethical Treatment Animals
People for Ethical Treatment Animals  is world's non-profitganisation about animal rights.

Software licence
A software licence  is a licence that is how a piece software is used.

BSD licence
The BSD licence isd after group that used licence, University California, Berkeley, where BSD operating system was made.

1688
Year 1688 was a leap year that started on a Thursday when using calendar.

1746
Births.

1682
Year 1682 was a common year that started on a Thursday when using calendar.

1755
Events.

Lake Baikal
Lake Baikal is a very lake in Siberia.

Omul
The omul is a fish.

Salmon
Salmon is a fish.

Wild Turkey
The Wild Turkey  is more common two species turkey .

Ocellated Turkey
An Ocellated Turkey  is a turkey  that isd for eye-like spots on tail feathers .

Drenthe
Drenthe is a province in northeastds.

D-Day
June 6, 1944, also known as D-Day, stands for amphibious  attack in military history, known as "Operation Overlord".

Ishpeming,
Ishpeming is a city located in Marquette County,, USA.

Humphrey Bogart
Humphrey Bogart  was an actor who starred in seventy-five movies.

Funk
Funk is a type music from United States that was developed 1960s by musicians singers such as James Brown, Sly Family Stone, George Clinton, The Meters.

1513
1513 was a year calendar, that started on a Wednesday.

Great White Shark
The Great white shark  is a shark.

Caryt
Caryt , born as Archibaldder Leach in United Kingdom, was an actor.

Emotion
Emotion is how people feel inside.

Dyslexia
Dyslexia is a very common problem has an effect on way our brain understands words.

AK-47
The AK-47 is a assault rifle designed in 1947 by Mikhailnikov used in 1949.

Erzsébet Báthory
Erzsébet Báthory , was a countess in is nowia.

Peter Jackson
Peter Jackson  is a movie director.

Valencia
Valencia is a city in Spain, on coast.

Murcia
Murcia is capital autonomous community Murcia, in Spain, her city with a population 410,000 in city more than 740,000 in metropolitan area.

Zaragoza
Zaragoza  is capital Aragon, in Ebro Valley, in crossroad from Barcelona, Valencia, Madrid, Bilbao.

Malaga
Malaga is a city in Andalusia, on coast, called "Costa del Sol" .

Las Palmas de Canaria
Las Palmas de Canaria is important city in Canaryds, intic.

Palma de Mallorca
Palma de Mallorca is capital Balearicds Mallorca island, in Sea, in front Peninsula.

Cordoba
Cordoba is a city in Spain, in Andalusia, over Guadalquivir river, with a population 321,000.

Alicante
Alicante is a city in Spain.

Phonology
Phonology is science that studies sound patterns language.

Linguistics
Linguistics is science that studies language.

Murcia (autonomous community)
The Region Murcia is an autonomous community in south-east Spain.

Segura
Segura is a river that is 325 kilometers  long.

Orihuela
Orihuela is a city on coast in Spain inte province, on Segura river in a district called "Vega Baja".

Alicante province
Alicante province is province by population with 1,750,000, in Community.

Turkmenistan
Turkmenistan Turkmenia is a country in Central Asia.

Caesium
Caesium  is chemical element 55 on periodic table.

Rubidium
Rubidium is chemical element 37 on periodic table.

Barium
Barium is chemical element 56 on periodic table.

Scandium
Scandium is chemical element 21 on periodic table.

Vanadium
Vanadium is chemical element 23 on periodic table.

Arsenic
Arsenic is chemical element 33 on periodic table.

Manganese
Manganese is chemical element 25 on periodic table.

Gallium
Gallium  is chemical element 31 on periodic table.

Nikitachev
Nikita Sergeyevichchyov  IPA:, commonly spelled in aschev) April 17, 1894 – September 11, 1971) was leader Soviet Union after death Joseph Stalin.

Metalloid
Metalloid refers to a group chemical elements that have interesting properties.

Rambla de las Ovejas
The Rambla de las Ovejas  is a water course provincete, in Spain.

Guadalquivir
Guadalquivir is a river to south Spain, which crosses autonomous community Andalusia.

Ebro
Ebro is a river.

Toledo province
Toledo province is provinces Castile-La Mancha, in center Spain, near Madrid.

Talavera de la Reina
Talavera Queen  is a city interior Spain.

Castile-La Mancha
Castile-La Mancha is an autonomous community in Spain with a population over 2,000,000.

Ciudad Real
Ciudad Real  is a city in Spain.

Ciudad Real (province)
Ciudad Real  is a province Spain in community Castile-La Mancha.

Puertollano
Puertollano  is a city in Spain.

NOFX
NOFX is a popular punk rock band from California.

Methane
Methane is a hydrocarbon that is a gas at room temperature .

North Country
North Country is a movie about a woman being harassed in a mining facility.

Dance Dance Revolution
Dance Dance Revolution is a series video games made by Konami in which players step on arrows on ae pad mat to match arrows on screen.

Street Fighter II
Street Fighter II is a video game by Capcom made in 1990.

Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is a television series which ran for 3 seasons , which is longer than Power Rangers shows after this series have lasted.

Office Space
Office Space is a 1999 comedy movie.

Syriana
"Syriana" is an 2005 movie, which has won Academy Award Golden Globe awards.

Shareware
Shareware is a way to sell software.

Brokeback Mountain
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 movie about two gay cowboys who are in love with each other.

A Christmas Carol
"A Christmas Carol" is a famous book by writer Charles Dickens.

Aruba
Aruba is an island in Sea, just a distance northá Peninsula, its a Kingdomds.

Kill Bill
Kill Bill is a movie directed by Quentintino.

Drive-by shooting
A drive-by shooting is when a gun is fired from a moving vehicle, at a targetside vehicle.

Andalusia
Andalusia Andalucía, in southern Spain, is 17 regions Spain called Autonomous communities Spain.

Granada
Granada is a city, capital provinceada, in Andalusia.

Cadiz
Cadiz is a city, capital Cadiz province, in Andalusia.

Merida
Merida is capital Extremadura, in Badajoz province, Spain.

Cuenca
Cuenca is a spanish city, capital Cuenca province, in Castile-La Mancha.

Balearicds
The Balearicds are an autonomous community Spain,ed by "Balearicds province".

Henry Fonda
Henry Jaynes Fonda  was an actor.

Cartagena
Cartagena is a city in Region Murcia, in Spain.

Palermo
Palermo is a city, capital Sicily, with 720,000 inhabitants more than 1,000,000 in metropolitan area.

Bosnia Herzegovina
Bosnia Herzegovina Bosnia-Herzegovina  is a country in Europe, with an area 51,000 km2 4,500,000 people.

Black bass
A Black bass is a type fresh water fish.

Reinheitsgebot
The Reinheitsgebot is a regulation about purity beer.

Maß
A Maß Mass is an old unit measurement liquid.

Wolverine
The wolverine  is a member Mustelidae family .

Bismarck (ship)
The battleship "Bismarck" was famous warships World War II.

Republic Mahabad
The Republic Mahabad , established in, was independent state century after Republic Ararat in Turkey.

Emblem
The Emblem was made after Islamic Revolution in that country in 1979.

Anti-Kurdism
Anti-Kurdism is hostility towards prejudice against Kurds, which can range from individual, violent persecution.

Tennis
Tennis is a sport played with a rubber ball, a racket, a court.

Teacher
A teacher is a person who helps people learn.

Getafe
Getafe is a city km to south Madrid, in Community Madrid, Spain.

Manhattan Project
The Project was program in which United States nuclearapons.

Hadschi Baba Scheich
Hadschi Baba Scheich   was prime minister Republic Mahabad.

Ajam
"Ajam"  in Arabic means non-Arabic-speaker.

Boston Terrier
Boston Terriers are a breed dog.

Vigdís Finnbogadóttir
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir  was presidentd.

Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson
Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson  is current Presidentd, from 1996 to present, re-elected without opposition in 2000, was re-elected for a term in 2004.

Coral Springs, Florida
Coral Springs, Florida, is a planned city in United States.

Affenpinscher
Affenpinscher is a breed dog in toy group.

Yorkshire Terrier
Theire Terrier Yorkie is a breed dog.

The Chiffons
The Chiffonsre an all girl singing group.

Mott The Hoople
Mott Hoople was a Hard Rock/Glam Rock group.

Turner & Hooch
"Turner & Hooch" is an movie that was released in 1989.

The Temptations
The Temptations are a R&B singing group.

Brenda Lee
Brenda Mae Tarpley Brenda Lee  was an pop singer popular in 1960s.

Buddy Clark
Buddy Clark  was a pop singer popular in 1930s 1940s.

Air Supply
Air Supply is a pop music singing group.

Sex Pistols
The Sex Pistolsre popular punk group in Britain.

Walter Murphy
Walter Murphy is a classically trained pianist.

Bette Davis
Bette Davis  was an actress stage, cinema television.

Gunpowder Plot
The Gunpowder Plot 1605 was a plan to explode House Parliament in London,d.

John Knox
John Knox  was man who broughtt Reformation tod.

Nobel Prize in Physiology Medicine
The Nobel Prize in Physiology Medicine is many Nobel Prizes whichre created by Alfred Nobel.

Nobel Prize in Literature
The Nobel Prize in Literature is many Nobel Prizes given in honor Alfred Nobel.

Zuni
The Zuni, also called Zuñi Ashiwi are a Native tribe.

Great Schism
The Great Schism  is a word that is howity flunctual branchesd after Sydney Lynn in Middle Ages.

Fallacy
Material Fallacies.

Myanmar
The Unionmar, , is country in South Asia that is not an island.

1206
1206 is a year in century.

Ben Nevis
Ben Nevis is highest mountain in Great Britain.

Snowdon
Snowdon is highest mountain in Wales.

Amazonas (Brazil)
Amazonas is state Brazil.

Manaus
Manaus is principal city North Region Brazil.

Amazonas
Sometimes, people talking about Amazonas also mean River in South America, which is called Amazon.

Tocantins (state)
Tocantins is a state in central Brazil.

Amazon Rainforest
The Amazon Rainforest is forest that grows in tropical basin Amazon River.

Gosport
Gosport is a town inire,d.

Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Indonesia isficial language country Indonesia .

All in Family
All in Family was a popular television show in 1970s.

Saint
Religion.

Saint Lucia
Saint Lucia is a tropical island country in eastern Sea.

Yuri Gagarin
Yuri Alekseyevich Gagarin  was a cosmonaut .

Yangtze River
The Yangtze River, Yangzi,gg, is a river in China.

Sons Daughters Saint Lucia
"Sons Daughters Saint Lucia" is national anthem Saint Lucia.

Tampico
Tampico is main city in state Tamaulipas, Mexico.

Goalkeeper
A goalkeeper isone who protects a team's goal.

1580s
Deaths.

Mel Brooks
Mel Brooks  is a actor, comedian, writer, film director, producer.

Hawaiioes National Park
Hawaiioes National Park is a national park in U.S.

Pertussis
Pertussis, also known as whooping cough, is a disease that kills about 300,000 people in world every year, 30–50 million cases per year.

Deity
Some people believe that deities are spirits that control nature things.

Odin
In Norse mythology, Odin was king Æsir.

Qazi Muhammad
Qazi Muhammad  was Nationalist Religious leader Head Republic Mahabad , modern state in Middle East .

Brine
Brine is water that has more than 5% salt in it.

Aladdin
Aladdin is a fictional person from story "Aladdinted Lamp", which is "Book Oned One Nights".

Nirvana
“the far shore, subtle, very difficult to see, unaging, stable, undisintegrating, unmanifest, unproliferated,, deathless, sublime, auspicious, secure, destruction craving,, amazing, unailing, unailing state, unafflicted, dispassion, purity, freedom, unadhesive, island, shelter, asylum, refuge...”  .

Lahti
Lahti is a city ind.

British Virginds
The Virginds are Virginds chain islands shared by both United States United Kingdom.

Lamp
A lamp is a device that makes lighttimes heat.

Pinocchio
Pinocchio is a made up story person that was told printed in 1883, in book "The Adventures Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi.

Diplomacy
Diplomacy is when countries make agreements with each other, wheny do not.

Acellular
Ifthing is acellular, it contains no cells is not made up cells.They are usually too to see with naked eye must be seen with a microscope.

Mexico (state)
The state México is administrative divisions country Mexico.

Yawn
A yawn is a verye, long breath.

Constantine Maroulis
Constantine Maroulis  is an singer, actor writer from New York.

Sean Lennon
Sean Taro Ono Lennon  is son John Lennon his wife Yoko Ono.

Eurasian people
A person is a person mixed descent mixed parentage .

Wallonia
Wallonia  is a French-speaking region in south Belgium.

Cryptorchidism
Cryptorchidism is a condition where both testicles does not drop down  into scrotum.

Buddy Holly
Charles Hardin Holley Buddy Holly  was an rock roll singer, composer, musician.

John Denver
John Denver  , was an musician songwriter.

Castaic, California
Castaic is a community in southern California, USA.

North Westd
North Westd is regionsd in United Kingdom.

Central Point, Oregon
Central Point is a city in Oregon, USA.

Puebla, Mexico
Puebla is a city.

Namur (city)
Namur  is a city in Belgium.

Mariska Hargitay
Mariska Hargitay  is an actress.

Santa Cruz de Tenerife
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is capital Canaryds.

Saint Helena
Saint Helena is an overseas territory United Kingdom.

Helicopter
A helicopter is a aircraft .

Baku
Baku  is capital city.

Windows Me
Windows ME is Millennium Edition Microsoft Windows operating system.

Librarian
A librarian is a person who works in a library helps people to find books, magazines, other information.

Geronimo
Geronimo ,  was all-known Native leader, but not chief, Chiricahua Apache tribe, but he was a Bedonkohe Apache.

Gold rush
A gold rush is when a lot miners go to a mining place full gold.

California Gold
The California Gold was when a lot peoplent to mountains California to find gold.

Jeans
Jeans are a type pants made from heavy, strong cotton material  called denim.

Sovereignty
Sovereignty is right a government to have complete control over its area.

FIFA
The Fédérationationale de Football Association , FIFA for, isganization that controls international football .

American Idol
"American Idol" is a popular TV show in America that lets anyone sing to people watching show on television whiley're being judged.

Smile
A smile is a facial expression a person normally makes wheny are happy.

Słupsk
Słupsk is a city in northernd in voivodshipia.

Emperor Ethiopia
The Emperor Ethiopa was ruler Ethiopia until 1975 when emperors royal family, Solomonids,re taken power.

Solomonid dynasty
The Solomonid dynasty was a line emperors that ruled in Ethiopia from 1270 to 1975.

The Sound Music
"The Sound Music" is a 1959 Broadway & West End Musical by Rodgers Hammerstein, a 1965 movie from Century Fox.

Body mass index
Body mass index is a special measure that allows to see if a person is an appropriateight forir height.

Academy Award for Best Picture
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Bulimia nervosa
Bulimia nervosa  is a disease a type eating disorder.

Turks Caicosds
The Turks Caicosds are two groups islands that are owned by.

Vichyce
Vichyce was government set up bys in southernce during World War II.

Anguilla
Anguilla is a group five islands in Sea.

Bermuda
Bermuda is about 130 islands intic east coast North America that are ruled by Great Britain.

Tarja Halonen
Tarja Halonen  is Presidentd.

Turku
Turku is oldest city ind.

Wings (movie)
"Wings" is a silent movie released in 1927.

Sunrise (movie)
"Sunrise: A Song Twos" "Sunrise" is a 1927 silent movie.

The Broadway Melody
"The Broadway Melody" is Hollywood musical movies.

Rocky
"Rocky" is a 1976 movie.

The Deer Hunter
"The Deer Hunter" is a 1978 movie.

Tailor
A tailor is a person whose job is to make clothes to fit people.

Template
A template is a tool that shows shapething it is a tool to help makething.

Oliver!
"Oliver!" is a musical, based on book Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.

Dr. Hook & The Medicine Show
Dr.

Glider
Gliders are aircraft which do not have a motor.

John Stuart Mill
John Stuart Mill , was an philosopher political economist.

Jeremy Bentham
Jeremy Bentham  was an, jurist, philosopher, legal social reformer.

Dinosaur Comics
Dinosaur Comics is a comic by North.

Lucid dream
A lucid dream is a dream where person knows thaty are dreaming.

My Fair Lady
"My Fair Lady" is a musical.

A Man for All Seasons
A Man for All Seasons is a play about life Sir Thomas More that was put on in 1960.

Composite number
A composite number  is a natural number, that can be gotten by multiplying prime numbers.

Fundamentalorem arithmetic
and ifbody else finds "another" way to write 6936 1200 as product prime numbers, can put prime numbers in rightder find that it is same as have here.

A Portuguesa
"A Potruguesa" "A Portuguesa"  is national anthem Portugal.

Welding
Welding is a way heating pieces metal using electricity a flame so thaty melt stick together.

Stalk
Stalktimes means followingthing to watch it.

Bill Cosby
William Henry "Bill" Cosby, Jr., Ed.D , known to many as Bill Cosby, is a famous comedian.

Ham
Ham is meat that comes from a thigh a pig.

Spam (food)
Spam is a canned meat food made by Hormel Foods Corporation.

Mushroom
A mushroom is fruiting body a fungus.

Factorization
Factorization  is taking a composite number apart into numbers that multiply together to getiginal number.

Shoulder
The shoulder is joint where human arm attaches to rest body.

Joint
A joint  is place at which two bones make contact .

Hosni Mubarak
Muhammad Hosni Said Mubarak  , commonly known as Hosni Mubarak , has been President Egypt for twenty four years, since 14 October 1981.

Euclid
Eucliddria   was a Greek mathematician who lived indria, Egypt.

Guadeloupe
Guadeloupe is dependencyce in Sea.

Lou Reed
Lou Reed  is an rock roll musician.

Anthropomorphism
Anthropomorphism is giving human characteristics, emotions  ability to talk, to a living thing object that is not a human.

Apostrophe
An apostrophe is a punctuation used in writing.

Ryan North
Ryan North is author popular comic strip Dinosaur Comics, asll as Whispered Apologies several other projects.

By-election
A by-election bye-election is a type special election.

Secretary
A secretary is a person who is in anfice.

Happiness
Happiness is a feeling pleasure satisfaction.

Perfect number
A number is called a perfect number if by adding all positive divisors number , result is number itself.

StarCraft
"StarCraft" is a real-time strategy game for PC.

Acid rain
Acid rain is where chemicals in air combine with rain make water more acidic.

Charlie Parker
Charlie Parker , also known as "Bird" "Yardbird", is considered greatest jazz saxophonists, specifically alto saxophonist.

Mount Price
Mount Price  is a volcanic mountain in Garibaldiic Belt, in Columbia, Canada.

Bun
A bun is a type food made bread.

Goldfinger (band)
Goldfinger are a punk band.

Salamanca
Salamanca is a city in central Spain, capital province with same.

Tudor dynasty
The Tudor dynasty was a series kings queens ind.

Elizabeth Blackwell
Elizabeth Blackwell was modern woman doctor, woman doctor in United States.

Doom
Doom is a violent-person shooter computer game made by iD software in 1993.

The Jam
The Jam was an based pop group from Woking in Surrey.

Alchemy
Alchemy is a study basic elements called fire, water, earth air.

Goldfinger
Goldfinger  is a 1959 novel; James Bond book written by Ian Fleming.

Scar
A scar is natural result a healing process in human body.

Warcraft
Warcraft is a game series created by Blizzard Entertainment.

Deutsches Institut für Normung
DIN Deutsches Institut für Normung e.V.

Paper size
There are different systems for telling paper size.

Envelope
An envelope is a packing.

Francis Hutcheson
Francis Hutcheson  was an philosopher founding fathers Enlightenment.

Yasser Arafat
Yasser Arafat Yassir Arafat   Cairo, died November 11 3:30am, 2004), born Mohammed Abdel-Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa al-Husseini  also known by "kunya" Abu `Ammar  became known as leader people.

Antidote
An antidote is a substance a thing that can make people feel better who took a certain poison.

Yitzhak Rabin
  was an Israeli politician general.

Activist
An activist is a person who fights for a certain cause.

After
After means later in time.

Kettle
A kettle is a type pot that is used in a kitchen.

Nerve agent
Nerve gas nerve agent is a family chemical poisons.

Herbicide
A herbicide is a poison that kills plants.

Hugh Hefner
Hugh Hefner  founded "Playboy Magazine" in 1950s.

Urination
Urination is how animals remove urine fromir bodies.

Mainframe
Mainframes  aree expensive computers used mainly by government institutionse companies for things data processing, industry consumer statistics, financial transaction processing.

Nyctalopia
Nyctalopia  is a disease human eyes.

Martinique
Martinique is an island in Sea, an overseas regionce.

PHP
PHP  is a programming language that helps makebpages more interactive, by allowingm to do more things.

Hello World
"Hello, World!" is usually a program made by computer programmers that are new to a programming language.

2030s
The decade as a whole.

Programming
Programming is when Computer programmers make programs.

DarkBASIC
DarkBASIC is a programming language that is very easy to create games in so people do not about DirectX.

XML
The Extensible Markup Language  is a computer language.

JavaScript
JavaScript is a scripting language for a computer.

World Money Fair
The World Money Fair is an international bourse coins.

Autocracy
Autocracy is a government.

Oligarchy
Oligarchy is a government.

Punctuation
Rules punctuation.

Land
Most earth's surface is covered with water.

Surface
A surface isthing.

Listet top-level domains
Here is a list currently existing Top Level Domains .

Listtic hurricane seasons
The following is a listtic hurricane seasons.

List Pacific hurricane seasons
The following is a list Pacific hurricane seasons.

1963tic hurricane season
The 1963tic hurricane season started on June 1, 1963, ended in November 30, 1963.

Sildenafil
Sildenafil is a medication that is also called Viagra, Revatio  Caverta.

Sylvester McCoy
Percy James Patrick Kent-Smith Sylvester McCoy  is a actor.

Pauln
Pauln  is an actor.

Georgia O'Keeffe
Georgia O’Keeffe  was an artist.

Genesis (band)
Genesis is an progressive rock group.

Deadly nightshade
Deadly nightshade belladonna  is all-known, hardy perennial shrub, a member nightshade family.

Perennial
A perennial is a plant that bears leaves perhaps flowers every year.

Shrub
A shrub bush is a category plants.

Evergreen
An evergreen plant is a plant that keeps its leaves over winter.

Deciduous
Deciduous means "temporary" "tending to fallf" .

Shade
A place is called in shade when sun is shining, object, a tree for example, blocks direct sunlight.

Hallucination
A hallucination is when a person sees an image hears a sound that is not reallyre.

Shadow
When a beam light shines ontothing, that thing will cast a dark image itself onto ground another surface.

Top-level domain
A top-level domain is an extension at very end a domain, which is a for anetbsite.

The Sims
"The Sims" is a 2000 video game.

Webcam
Abcam is a type camera that lets people see each other overet.

Y-intercept
The y-intercept a line on a graph is where line touches  y-axis .

The Last Waltz
The Last Waltz was final concert/American rock group The Band.

1241
1241 is a year in century.

1204
1204 is a year in century.

Vedas
The Vedas are four holiest books Hindu religion.

List Prime Ministersd
List Prime Ministersd For leaders before this see: Listorsd .

Serbia Montenegro
Serbia Montenegro  was state union Serbia Montenegro.

Minister
A Minister can be a Member Parliament, a .

Jealousy
Jealousy envy is a feeling  people get wheny want others have.

Anger
Anger is a negative feeling whichten happens when a person thinks thatonething has donething wrong, bad which putsm in danger,y want to stop risk, punish person fory have done.

Jump
A jump is whenone bendir legs quickly straightensm.

Light microscope
A light microscope works a lot a refracting telescope except that object is very close to objective lens.

Rembrandt
Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn  was a famous Dutch painter artist.

Major film studio
The Big Ten are United States's ten major movie production studios.

Culinary mustard
Culinary mustard is a condiment people use when making food.

Condiment
A condiment is a prepared food that is put to other food, to make food tastier taste different.

Vinegar
Vinegar is a liquid usedly in cooking.

Insecticide
An insecticide is a poison made to kill insects spiders.

Paranoia
Paranoia is a condition where a person believes thaty are being watched at all times, for example, thaty are being followed.

Delusion
A delusion is a false belief held by a person.

Paganism
Paganism is a term that covers a great number spiritual religious beliefs,one who followsse beliefs is known as a.

1504
1504 was a year calendar, that started on a Friday.

Courage
A person has courage if he doesthing even though he is afraid.

Supporter
In, a supporter is a person whos supports a sportsperson a team.

Formula One
Formula One, F1, is a type race-car driving.

Abdullah Öcalan
Abdullah Öcalan is leader Workers Party , a Communist group banned by government Turkey.

Caribbean Community
The Community, CARICOM, is a group nations in Sea that have come together.

Qaqortoq
Qaqortoq, also known by its "Julianehåb", is a town in southwesternd.

Sisimiut
Sisimiut  is a town in southwesternd.

Arctic Circle
The Arctic Circle is five major circles latitude  that areten marked on maps Earth.

Kabul
Kabul is capital city in with about 3 million people livingre.

Parfait
Parfait is a type food that is eaten as a dessert.

Parrot
True parrots are birds family Psittacidae.

Angel cake
Angel cake  is a cake made in United States in century.

Wrench
A wrench  is a tool nuts bolts, similarly shaped objects.

Salmandie
Salmandie,  known as "Mallundie" in Islamic world, is a novelist essayist author "Midnight's Children" , which won Booker Prize.

Lilo & Stitch
"Lilo & Stitch" is an animated movie, released by Disney in 2002.

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs
AFI's 100 Years...

Irish Sea
The Sea is a body water that separatesd Great Britain.

Party (disambiguation)
Ay is a social gathering primarily for celebration recreation.

Hate
Hate hatred is an emotion very strong dislike foronething.

Dallas, Texas
Dallas is ae city in northern U.S.

Ilulissat
Ilulissat  is city ind.

Chimpanzee
Chimpanzees are great apes genus "Pan".

Meridian
A meridian is an imaginary line longitude drawn along surface earth from North Pole to South Pole.

District
A district is a local government area.

Literacy
Literacy means ability to read write.

Isle Man
The Isle Man  is an island in Sea,f coast Great Britain .

French Revolution
The French Revolution was a period French history that lasted from 1789 to 1799.

Daffy Duck
Daffy Duck is a cartoon character from Warner Bros.

Guillotine
The guillotine is a machine  people  as death penalty.

School uniform
A school uniform is a dress people ar wheny go to school.

Primate
Primates are a group mammals that contains all lemurs, monkeys, apes including humans.

Tropic Cancer
The Tropic Cancer  is Latin for crab) is five major circles latitude  that areten marked on maps Earth.

Equinox
Equinox is when sun passes directly over equator.

Teufelsbrücke
The Teufelsbrücke  is a bridge over river Reuss in Swiss canton Uri.

Grandparent
The term grandparent means parents a person's parents.

Lepton
Leptons are elementaryicles with spin 1/2  that are not affected by strong nuclear force.

Jersey
Jersey is an island that is locatedf northwest coastce.

East Timor
The Democratic Republic East Timor Timor Leste is a country in Southeast Asia.

Country music
Country music  is a music that has been enjoyed by people all over United States for decades.

Tootsie
"Tootsie" is a 1982 comedy movie from Columbia Pictures.

Lynyrd Skynyrd
Lynyrd Skynyrd is an Rock group from Jacksonville, Florida.

Peter Handke
Peter Handke  is an author translator books.

Density
Density is a measurement that compares amount matter an object has to its volume.

Gram
A gram is a unit measure metric system.

Longitude
Longitude is a way to say where a place is on Earth.

Hilary Duff
Hilary Erhard Duff   is an actress singer.

Oil platform
An oil platform is ae structure placed in sea.

Continental shelf
The planet earth is covered with seas.

Mariana Trench
Thea Trench  is deepest known submarine trench.

Marianads
Theads  are a group islands made up by summits 15 volcanic mountains instern Pacific.

Submerged
Something that is submerged is completely surrounded by a liquid, usually water.

Image scanner
Scanners, computer scanners are images text into a computer.

Brassière
A brassière  is an undergarment for women.

Torture
Torture is when people put a person in pain.

1680s
This is about events 1680s.

Iqaluit, Nunavut
Iqaluit is capital community in Nunavut Territory in Canada.

Phasor
A phasor is a tool in mathematics.

Roman Emperor
Roman Emperor is that is given to rulers Empire.

Svalbard
Svalbard is a group islands, "archipelago", in Arctic.

Margrethe II Denmark
Margrethe II   is Queen regnant Denmark.

Enterprise Architecture
Enterprise architecture is comprehensive framework align anganization's business processes, information technology, computer hardware software, local wide area networks, people, operations projects withganization's overall strategy.

Mutilation
Mutilation is when way a human body looks is permanently changed.

Heinerg
Heinerg  was a mathematician.

Jan Mayen
Jan Mayen is an island in Arctic.

Uninhabited
Uninhabited is a word that usually describes places.

Gate
In beginning, a gate was a place between twos a wall, a fence which could be opened people go through it.

City gate
A city gate is a gate that is found in many medieval cities.

Bern (city)
Bern is capital cityd.

Demo (software)
A demo is a portion sample a product.

Preview
A preview is a piecething whole is before it is generally available.

Atomic mass
Atomic mass  is a term for mass a single atom a chemical element.

Price
A price is a value people thinkthing is worth.

Doping
Doping is either a term to describe drug use , process putting certain types chemical elements in a semiconductor inder to makeir characteristics different.

Gaza Strip
What is called Gaza Strip is a stretch land along.

Unemployment
Unemployment is when a person who is normal working age  does not have a paid job.

Salary
Salary is a type payment a person gets for work done for a job.

Wage
A wage  signifies a quantity money paid for a quantity work done.

Instant noodles
Instant noodles is a dish used in cooking.

Louis Armstrong
Louis Daniel Armstrong    was an jazz musician.

Element
An element is athing.

CBS
CBS Broadcasting Inc.

Prime Minister Canada
The Prime Minister Canada is a person who is job.

Magnetism
In field physics, magnetism is a force by which objects attract push away other materials.

Althing
The Althing  is national legislatured.

Amapá
Amapá is states Brazil.

Fictional character
A character is a person in a work art such as a novel, play, opera movie.

Blues
The blues is a music that started in United States in half century.

Macroeconomics
Macroeconomics studies economic decisions ae group people; for example, a whole country's economy.

Gameory
Gameory uses math to study strategy.

Taj Mahal
Taj Mahal is a tomb built in century by Moghul ruler Shah in memory his wife, Mumtaz Mahal.

Aryan
Aryan is that an ancient people calledmselves.

Uzbekistan
Uzbekistan is a country in Central Asia.

United Arab Emirates
The United Arab Emirates UAE is a country in Middle East.

Wok
A wok is a pan.

United States Navy
The United States Navy is United States Armed Forces .

Pro bono
Pro bono is a Latin phrase meaning "for [the]", that is that a legal professional  who would otherwise be paid money for his work, contributes his labor without being paid, for benefit society, typically on behalf a personganization who cannot pay for reason, such as poverty.

Molecularula
A molecularula  shows how many different atoms in molecule a chemical compound howy are connected together.

Harvard University
Harvard University is a private university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA a member Ivy League.

Tamil language
Tamil is a language.

Kerala
Kerala is a state in south Republic India.

Malayalam
Malayalam is a language.

Coimbatore
Coimbatore is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.

Madurai
Madurai is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.

Assam
Assam is a state in north eastern region has an area 30,285 sq mi , it is than Panama but than Czech Republic.

Arunachal
Arunachal is a state in Republic India.

Bihar
Bihar is a state in Republic India, Covering an area 38,202 sq mi , it than Hungary but than South Korea.

Chhattisgarh
Chhattisgarh is a state within Republic India, it occupies 52,199 sq mi , it is than Greece but than.

Gujarat
Gujarat is a state within Republic India.

Haryana
Haryana is a state in Republic India, also birthplace Hinduism.

Himachal
Himachal is a state in Republic India.

Jammumir
Jammumir  is northernmost state India.

Jharkhand
Jharkhand is a state within Republic India.

Madhya
Madhya is a state within Republic India.

Manipur
Manipur is a state within Republic India.

Meghalaya
Meghalaya is a state within Republic India.

Mizoram
Mizoram is a state in Republic India.

Nagaland
Nagaland is a state in northeast Republic India.

Orissa
Orissa is a state on east coast Republic India, an area 60,162 sq mi , it is than Nepal but than Tunisia.

Punjab (India)
East Punjab Doab  is a state in northern Republic India.

Rajasthan
Rajasthan is a state in northwestern India.

Tripura
Tripura is a state in eastern India, it is a Disputed Territory claimed as "Chittagonian Plains" by.

Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand  is a state in northern India.

Uttar
Uttar is a state in northern India.

West Bengal
West Bengal is a state in eastern Republic India, its capital is Kolkata.

Szczecin
Szczecin is ae city ind.

Foreigner
A foreigner is a person who is from a country that is not country he she is currently in.

Metropolitan area
What is called agglomeration  is city, plus all cities villages it grew together with.

Marathi language
Marathi is language spoken intra, India.

Gujarati language
Gujarati is a language.

Punjabi language
Punjabi is a language.

Sikhism
Sikhism is a monotheistic religion, a religion that believes in God.

Cauvery
Cauvery is a river in south India.

Bhopal
Bhopal is capital Madhya, India.

Dialect
A dialect is a type language spoken by a group people.

Thanjavur
Thanjavur is a town in Tamil Nadu, India.

Trichy
Trichy Tiruchi is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.

Brihadisvara Temple
The Brihadisvara Temple  is a Shiva temple injavur, India.

Oman
Theate is a country in southwestern Asia, on southeast coast Peninsula.

Refugee
In 1951, United Nations  law called Convention Relating to Status Refugees, said a refugee was a person who is country due to natural disasters war conflict.

Copperbelt
Copperbelt is a province in northern Zambia.

Levyawasa
Levy Patrickawasa  was a politician.

Cherokee
The Cherokee  are Natives who at time contact in century lived in area that is now eastern southeastern United States beforerely hills.

Soup
A soup is a food.

Hyderabad, India
Hyderabad is capital Andhra, India.

Manmohan Singh
Manmohan Singh is Prime Minister India.

Indira Gandhi
Indira Gandhi  was woman to become Prime Minister India.

Nintendo 64
Nintendo 64 was video game console released by Nintendo.

Phobos
Phobos  is sons Ares Aphrodite in Greek mythology.

Deimos
Deimos  is sons Ares Aphrodite in Greek mythology.

Krakatoa
Krakatoa  is a volcano near island Rakata in Sunda Strait.

Goldfish
Goldfish are pet fish that live in bowls aquariums.

Premature ejaculation
Premature ejaculation  is a condition affecting many men.

Witch
A witch is a person,ten a woman, who practices witchcraft.

West Bank
The West Bank is a piece land in Middle East.

Jan Hus
Jan Hus/John Huss'", born circa 1369 in Husinec, Bohemia  was a religious thinker reformer.

Konstanz
Konstanz  is a university town with a population around 80,000, on shore Lakece in south-west cornery, borderingd.

Panther
Allse animals belong to Felidae family.

Instant messaging
Instant messaging  is a communication between two more people based on typed text.

AOL
America Online  is a U.S.-based online service provideret service provider run by Time Warner.

Youssef Rzouga
Youssef Rzouga is a poet, born on March 21 1957 in Mahdia,Tunisia.

Mailman
A mailman mail carrier is a person who brings peopleir postal mail.

Chinese postman problem
The postman problem is a mathematical problem Graphory.

Four colororem
The four colororem is aorem mathematics.

Theorem
Aorem is a proven idea in mathematics.

Triceratops
Triceratops  meaning "three-horned face", because it had three horns  was a herbivorous dinosaur genus from Latest Cretaceous period.

Border
The Border between two regions is thin line, where region is next to other.

Genus
In taxonomy, when scientists talk about a genus  animals,y mean several closely related species animals.

Cretaceous
The Cretaceous period is periods geological time scale.

Textbook
A textbook is a bookone uses to learn.

Axiom
An Axiom is a statement logic.

Set
A set is a concept from mathematics.

Maldives
The Maldives are a group islands in.

Prime Minister Australia
The Prime Minister Australia is leader government.

1190s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s 1180s - 1190s - 1200s 1210s 1220s 1230s 1240s Years: 1190 1191 1192 1193 1194 1195 1196 1197 1198 1199 .

Structure
The structure an object is hows it relate to each other, how it is "put together".

Hardcore punk
Hardcore Punk  is a style punk music that usually sounds louder, faster more angry than earlier punk rock music from 1970s.

Limestone
Limestone is a chemical sedimentary rock, made uply mineral calcite .

Root
The roots a plant is that is buried in soil.

Piero Gobetti
Piero Gobetti  was a young journalist, intellectual, radical liberal person.

Manama
Manama is capital city Bahrain.

Protist
Protists are unicellular  plant animalganisms that are usually microscopicrefore invisible to naked eye.

The Apple Dumpling Gang
"The Apple Dumpling Gang" is a Disney movie from 1975, in which threephan children find gold during California's Gold.

0s
Centuries: century BC - century - century Decades: 40s BC 30s BC 20s BC 10s BC 0s BC - 0s - 10s 20s 30s 40s 50s Years: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 .

Quentintino
Quentintino  is an filmmaker.

Leander class frigate
Theder class frigate Type 12M is a type ship that was used by Royal Navy.

Spacecraft
A spacecraft is a vessel that can safely move people cargoside Earth's atmosphere, through space to other planetary bodies, space stations,bits.

Acoustics
Acoustics is study sound.

Public finance
Public finance is study how government raises funds spends its money,ir economic effect.

Budget
A budget is an account estimated revenue estimated expenditure within a fiscal year.

Indirect tax
Indirect taxes are taxes that can be shifted fromy being.

Erode
Erode is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.

Sky Sports
Sky Sports is a group 9 channels - Sky Sports 1, Sky Sports 2, Sky Sports 3, Sky Sports Xtra, Sky Sports News, Sky Sports HD 1, Sky Sports HD 2, PremPlus At Races.

Rhetoric
Rhetoric is science how to speakll.

Hamas
Hamas  is a Islamist Sunniganisation.

Suicide attack
A suicide attack is an attack where attacker  plans on killing people while also dying in process.

Laser
A LASER  is a machine that makes a very intense beam light.

NBC
NBC, whose letters once stood for The National Broadcastingy, is an television network that started in 1926 as a radio station.

Thiruvananthapuram
Thiruvananthapuram , is capital city state Kerala.

Animal Farm
"Animal Farm" is a book by George Orwell.

Miso
"Miso" is a thick paste.

Miso soup
Miso soup  is a traditional soup.

Wakame
Wakame  is a type edible kelp.

Kelp
Kelp is a type seaweed.

Tofu
Tofu,times also called doufu  bean curd , is a food made by coagulating soy milk,n pressing resulting curds into blocks.

Soy milk
Soy milk  is a milk-like product made from soybeans.

Dashi
Dashi is a simple soup stock used in cooking.

Shiitake mushroom
The shiitake mushroom , also known as black mushroom black forest mushroom, is an edible mushroom typically grown on shii tree.

Soy sauce
Soy sauce  soya sauce is a fermented sauce made from soy beans , roasted grain, water salt.

Bowl
A bowl is a container for food.

Oktoberfest
The Oktoberfest  is a festival that takes place on, a public place in center Munich.

Tomb Raider
"Tomb Raider" is a computer video game series.

Hot dog
A hot dog  is a type food.

Constipation
Constipation is when it is very hard to get rid digested food waste .

Kernel (computer science)
A kernel is central an operating system.

Ulm
Ulm is a city iny, in state Baden-Württemberg.

Landlocked
People say a country is landlocked if it does not have access to any oceans seas.

Kyrgyzstan
Kyrgyzstan ,ally Kyrgyz Republic,times known as Kirghizia, is a country in Central Asia.

Kebab
Kebab  means "grilled  meat" in.

Halal
Halaal  is an Islamic Arabic term meaning "permissible".

Surat
Surat is a city in Gujarat, India.

Kanpur
Kanpur is a city in Uttar, India.

Web portal
An internet portalb portal is absite.

Humanism
Humanism is a series philosophies that affirm dignity worth all people, based on can do to prove ifthing is right in humanity.

The
The is a newspaper.

Algae
Algae  is a family  simpleganisms.

Kelp forest
Kelp forests are a type marine ecosystem that is present around colonies kelp;y contain rich biodiversity.

Symbiosis
Symbiosis (pl.

Al Ain
Al Ain  is a city in United Arab Emirates.

Jutland
Jutland  is a peninsula in northern Europe.

Plebiscite
A plebiscite referendum  is when a country  asks people a certain question on political issues that will affect country.

Dubai
Dubai Dubayy  in refers to either The ruler Dubai was late H.H.

Exclave
An exclave is strip land that belongs to a political entity  but that is not by land .

Enclave
In general use, an enclave can be any special area a area land, such as a a city that has different taxes than rest city.

Panhandle
A panhandle is a word used in geography.

New town
A new town, planned community, planned city is a city that is designed by architects engineers before it is built.

Park
A park is an open place in a city town for nature.

Pond
A pond is a body water than a lake.

Swan
A swan  is a water bird, from genera Cygnus Coscoroba.

Pupa
A pupa  is becoming an adult for insects, butterflies, moths, beetles, flies, bees.

Goose
Goose  is general for ae number birds, belonging to family "Anatidae".

Ovary
Ovaries  aregans found in femaleganisms.

Axe
Axe  is an ancient tool, split cut wood.

Rhinoceros
A rhinoceros  is any five living species mammals in family Rhinocerotidae,der Perissodactyla.

Alcoholic proof
Alcoholic proof is a measure how much ethanolre is in an alcoholic drink.

Acetobacter
"Acetobacter" is a bacteria.

Archbishop Canterbury
Theop Canterbury is spiritual leader Churchd Communion.

Ethanol
Ethanol, also known as ethyl alcohol grain alcohol, is a flammable, colorless chemical compound, alcohols that isten found in alcoholic drinks.

Boiling point
The boiling point a substance is temperature at which substance boils, enters a state rapid evaporation.

Platonic solid
Uses.

Euclidean algorithm
The algorithm is an algorithm which can be greatest common divisor two numbers.

Eukaryote
A eukaryote , also spelled eucaryote, is anganism with complex cells.

Unicellularganism
Unicellularganisms areganisms that only have cell.

Multicellularganism
When people talk about multicellularganisms,y meanganisms that has more than cell.

Kazan State University
Kazan State University is a university located in,, Russia.

New World
The New World is a given to lands islands discovered by Christopher Columbus.

Rabbit
Rabbits are mammalsder Lagomorpha.

Louis Pasteur
Louis Pasteur  was a French microbiologist chemist.

Akrotiri Dhekelia
Akrotiri Dhekelia are two areas on island Cyprus that are used as military bases United Kingdom.

Transcontinental country
A transcontinental country is a nation that is on more than continent.

Kurów
Kurów is a village in Southd, which is near Puławy Lublin, on Kurówka River.

Scorpion
Scorpions are eight legged venomous arachnids.

John Schlesinger
John Richard Schlesinger CBE  was a film director.

Landjäger
Landjäger  is a type sausage.

Gilbert Elliceds
The Gilbert Ellicedsre a protectorate from 1892 colony from 1916.

Casablanca
Casablanca  is a city instern Morocco, located ontic.

Bhavani River
Bhavani River is a river in Tamil Nadu, India.

Flatulence
Flatulence is when gas is expelled from body.

Computabilityory
Computabilityory is computer science.

Batman (city)
Batman is a city in southeast Turkey.

Typewriter
A typewriter is a machine.

Nocturnal
Animals that are active during night are called nocturnal.

Censorship
Censorship is whenone,ten a government, does not allow certain things to be published.

Czestochowa
Częstochowa is a city in southd on Warta River.

Voivodeshipsd
Aip is 16 different divisions land ind.

50s
Centuries: century BC - century - century Decades: 0s - 10s - 20s - 30s - 40s - 50s - 60s - 70s - 80s - 90s - 100s 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 "This is an article about years 50 AD to 59 AD.

Volleyball
Volleyball is a sport with six players on each team, separated by a net.

Twilight
Twilight means either dawn  dusk .

Great Depression
The Great Depression was a time when economy in United States throughout world was extremely bad.

Delhi
Delhi is a territory in India.

European Central Bank
The Central Bank is main bank Union.

Friendship
Friendship is having have a relationship withone, a friend.

Clitoris
The clitoris is a female genitalgan that includes erectile tissue, glands, muscles ligaments, nerves, blood vessels.

Berlin Wall
The Berlin Wall  separated city Berlin iny from 1961 to 1989.

Łódź
Łódź is-largest city ind, with 776,297 inhabitants.

Krakow
Kraków ; variant spelling Cracow; in full Royal Capital City Krakow,: Królewskie Stołeczne Miasto Kraków'") is oldest cities ind.

Portland, Oregon
Portland, Oregon is city that has people in U.S.

Frame reference
A frame reference is how knows if an object is moving.

Broadway
Broadway is a major street in New York City, USA.

Schrödinger equation
The Schrödinger equation is a mathematicalula that physicists use to study quantum mechanics.

Run (island)
Pulau Run is an island in Indonesia.

Shinty
Shinty a traditional game played inds.

1680
Year 1680 was a leap year that started on a Monday when using calendar.

Hierarchy
A hierarchy  is a way rankingganizing things people.

Sultan
Sultan is a for Islamic rulers monarch.

States territories India
India is-eight states, six union territories National Capital Territory.

Finnish language
The language is a Finno-Ugric language, a group languages belonging to Uralic language family.

Sleep
A person sleeps when he she is not awake.

Republic Macedonia
Republic Macedonia  is an independent state on peninsula in southeastern Europe.

Anorexia nervosa
Anorexia nervosa is a mental health condition an eating disorder.

Madness
Madness  is a word people use to describe different diseases mind.

Rabies
Rabies is a viral zoonotic disease that causes acute encephalitis.

Tirana
Tirana  is capital city Republicia.

John Forbes
John Forbes Jr.

Calisthenics
Calisthenics is a series "exercises" strength, power balance a repeated rhythmical exercise that usesight body as resistance systematic exercises for attaining strength-gracefulness practice calisthenic exercises.

Mute
Mute is a lack sound.

Wooden spoon
A wooden spoon is a spoon that can be made from wood, plastic metal.

Table tennis
Table tennis, also known as Ping Pong , is popular sports in world, with players in many countries.

Nayarit
Nayarit is a middle sized state which is located in West coast Mexico .

Mindanao
Mindanao is three main island groups in Philippines.

Phylum
A Phylum  is highest rank used in biological taxonomy allganisms.

Knuckle
A knuckle, in anatomy, is where two bones join in hands feet.

Conduction
Conduction in science is when energy moves from places to another place.

Royal family
A royal family is family a monarch .

General election
A general election is an election, where all members a country's parliament are up for election.

United Kingdom 2005 general election
The United Kingdom 2005 general election took place on Thursday, May 5 2005.

Milenkoovic
Milenkoović  is a famous classical jazz clarinet player, professor at Faculty Arts , Zvečan.

Flash memory
Flash memory is a memory storage device for computers electronics.

Bottrop
Bottrop is a city inst centraly, on Rhine-Herne Canal, in state North Rhine-Westphalia .

Puducherry
Puducherry, which called Pondicherry is a Union Territory India.

New York Yankees
The New York Yankees are a Major League Baseball team from New York City.

Terry Pratchett
Terence David John Pratchett  OBE is an author.

Critic
A critic is a person who reviews things movies, books, food to see ify are any if other people wouldm.

Søren Kierkegaard
Søren Aabye Kierkegaard , a century philosopherologian, is usually thought as existentialist philosopher.

Despotism
Despotism is a government that is controlled by person a group people.

Lakshadweep
Lakhadweep are group islands in Sea.

Daman Diu
Daman Diu is a territory in India.

Riding helmet
A riding helmet,times called a horse riding helmet, is a type hat  made for people who ride horses.

Ketchup
Ketchup is a thick, liquid sauce.

Dadra Nagar Haveli
Dadra Nagar Haveli is a territory in India.

Birthday
A birthday is day when a person was born.

Yi I
Yi I  was a scholar.

Sunrise (company)
Sunrise is a animation company.

X-ray
X-ray is electromagnetic spectrum, with frequency higher than ultraviolet radiation.

Computed tomography scanner
A computed tomography  scanner is an X-ray machine that takes cross sectional images.

Hanoi
Hanoi  is capital Vietnam.

The Chronicles Narnia
"The Chronicles Narnia" is a series seven fantasy books, written by author C.

Asatru
Asatru  is a religion which believes in ancientic spirits Gods.

Otherkin
Otherkin are people who believe thatm is not human inside.

Pedro Romeiras
Pedro Romeiras was a principal ballet dancer born 3 July 1961, in Lisbon.

Bonfire
A bonfire balefire is ae controlleddoor fire made from bales straw wood.

Bic Runga
Bic Runga  is a singer from Newd.

Sputnik
Sputnik , literally "traveling companion",, not was Soviet Union's satellite program.

Carnival
Carnival is a public celebration which takes place in many cities towns in many countries around world, in February March each year.

Fasting
Fasting is a abstinence.

Walpurgis Night
Walpurgis Night  is a holiday celebrated on April 30 May 1, ind, Sweden, Estonia, Latviay.

Bird flu
Bird flu , is an illness caused by a virus.

Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy
The "Jyllands-Posten" Muhammad cartoons controversy is a controversy about a series cartoons.

Blasphemy
Blasphemy is a word that means "speaking badly about a religion", "insulting a god".

1180s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s - 1180s - 1190s 1200s 1210s 1220s 1230s Years: 1180 1181 1182 1183 1184 1185 1186 1187 1188 1189 .

Brie
Brie is a type soft cheese with a yellowish interior a white layer onside cheese.

Charles-Maurice ded-Périgord
Charles Maurice ded-Périgord  was a French diplomat.

Pasteurization
Pasteurization  is a process making foods spoil.

Soft cheese
Soft cheese  is cheese that does not get heated during production.

Cult
A cult is a religious group people.

The Cult
The Cult is a rock band.

James A. Michener
James Albert Michener  was an writer.

War 1812
The War 1812 was fought between Empire United States from 1812 to 1815 on land in North America at sea.

Chandigarh
Chandigarh, also called "The City", is a city in India.

Convection
"A Convection current" is caused by expansion a liquid, solid gas due to its rise in temperature.

Chipmunk
A chipmunk is a squirrel-like rodent.

Vicente Piccio, Jr.
Retired Major General Vicente M.

Piccio
Piccio is an surname.

Donald Duck
Donald Duck is popular cartoon characters in world.

Montevideo
Montevideo is capital city in Uruguay; it was founded by in 1717.

Book Esther
Esther is a book in Tanakh  Old Testament, also its title heroine.

Clay
Clay is a type soil that is sticky to touch.

Rifle
The rifle is a gun with a stock to brace against shoulder a barrel with twisting grooves.

Deuterocanonical books
Mostt religions call deuterocanonical books "the Apocrypha".

Sidekick
A sidekick isone who regularly travels with, helps, another person.

Nicobards
The Nicobards are an island chain in eastern.

Andaman Nicobards
The Nicobards is a union territory India.

Kazan
Kazan  is capital city Russia's cities.

Tornado
A tornado is a tube spinning air that touches ground.

Hard disk
A hard disk hard disk drive  hard drive, isthing used by computers other electronic devices to store information.

Magnet
A magnet is a very special metal.

Manufacture
Manufacture is when people make things.

By-product
A by-product isthing that is made produced while a product is manufactured in a factory.

Toxic waste
Toxic waste is any waste that is to people, plants, animals, but usually it is said about waste that hurts people.

Space Runaway Ideon
Space Runaway Ideon is an animated television series from 1980.

Comic book
Comic books are books with comics, with pictures that make a story.

Spider-Man
Spider-Man is a character in a comic book made by Marvel Comics.

Peanuts
Peanuts was a comic strip made by Charles M.

Eddie Cantor
Eddie Cantor  was an comedian, singer, actor, songwriter.

Days Our Lives
"Days Our Lives" is a popular, TV show on NBC television network, it is hour long is broadcast during day.

Recorder
The recorder is a musical instrument that is a type flute.

Adolphe Sax
Antoine-Joseph  Sax  was a French inventor , known for inventing saxophone.

Unforgiven
Unforgiven is a 1992stern movie directed by starring Clint Eastwood.

Bucharest
Bucharest is capital city countryia.

Tocantins
There are also cities called "Tocantins".

Avalanche
An avalanche is a phenomenon nature.

Foot (unit length)
Foot is a unit measurement length .

Acre
An acre is an unit area, which is also used in United States Commonwealth countries.

Erfurt massacre
The Erfurt massacre was a series shootings that happened at Gutenberg Gymnasium in Erfurt,y, on April 26, 2002.

Gymnasium (school)
The Gymnasium is a higher education in Europe, especially iny.

Huascarán
Huascarán is highest mountain in Peru,-highest mountain in South America.

Australian Rules Football
Australian rules football is a sport created in Australia.

Australian Football League
The Football League  is national league in sport Rules Football.

Urbaindier
Urbaindier  was a free-thinking cleric.

Stake
A stake is a long wooden pole.

Cardinal Richelieu
Armand du Plessis, better known as Cardinal Richelieu  was a French clergyman, noble, statesman.

Belaying
Belaying is a way to hold control a rope for a person who is rock climbing.

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Thrills
Part AFI 100 Years...

South Vietnam
South Vietnam is a country, located in south present-day Vietnam, that existed from 1954 to 1976.

Robert Ludlum
Robert Ludlum  was an writer.

1170s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s - 1170s - 1180s 1190s 1200s 1210s 1220s Years: 1170 1171 1172 1173 1174 1175 1176 1177 1178 1179 .

Arab people
The Arabs  are aniginally ethnicity widespread in Middle East North Africa.

Mebibyte
A Mebibyte is a unit measure.

Clergy
Clergy are people who have anfice in a church other religion.Clergy would also give king advice on war.

Acre (state)
Acre is a state in North Region Brazil.

Roller coaster
The roller coaster  is a amusement ride.

Zimbabwe dollar
The Zimbabwe dollar is currency for Zimbabwe.

Bahia
Bahia is a state in Northeast Region Brazil, ontic coast.

Body modification
Body modification  is when a person changesir body in a way that lasts forever for a long time.

Serial killer
Serial killers are people who murder several people at different times .

World Wide Fund for Nature
The World Wide Fund for Nature  is an international environmentalganization based ind.

Deforestation
Deforestation is when forests are lost because people want to make farms cities.

Scuba diving
Scuba Diving is a sport where people  can swim underwater for a long time, using a tank filled with air.

Capillary
A capillary is a single celled blood vessel.

Viriato Clemente da Cruz
Viriato Clemente da Cruz, an poet politician, was born in 1928 in Kikuvo , Angola died in Beijing, China on 13 June 1973.

Mollusc
Molluscs mollusks are invertebrate animals.

Sponge
A sponge is a very simple animal.

Kibibyte
A kibibyte is a unit information computer storage.

Amplitude
The amplitude peak amplitude a wave is a measure how its oscillation is.

Ska
Ska is a popular music from Jamaica that was developed in 1950s.

Braille
The braille system is a way writing things.

Switch
A switch is athing that changes flow a circuit.

Francis Bacon
Sircis Bacon KC was an philosopher, statesman, author.

Sled dog
Sled dogs, known also as sleigh dogs, sledge dogs sleddogs are types dogs that are a wheel-less vehicle on runners  over snow ice, by means harnesses lines.

Overland Expedition
Thed Expedition, also calledd Relief Expedition Point Barrowd Relief Expedition, was a long trip in 1897–8, by threeficers United States Coast Guard (thend "U.S.

Numberory
Numberory is a mathematics.

Tear gas
Tear gas is for a number chemical compounds.

Kaba Ma Kyei
Kaba Ma Kyei, which means "Until World Crumbles", is national anthem mar.

Yangon
Yangon, also known as Rangoon, is city inmar.

Pyinmana
Pyinmana is a town in Mandalay Divisionmar.

Kyat
A kyat  is a money used inmar.

Burmese language
Burmese  is a language spoken inmar.

Danielle Steel
Daniellede Schuelein-Steel  is an writer.

Coat arms
A coat arms is a design painted on a shield.

Spear
A spear is aapon used in Antiquity Middle Ages.

Hat
A hat is a type covering for head.

Postage stamp
Postage stamps just Stamps are pieces paper with sticky stuff on back.

Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovakia  was a country in Europe that existed from 1918 until 1992.

William Randolph Hearst
William Randolph Hearst  was an newspaper magnate, born in Sancisco, California.

Joseph Pulitzer
Joseph "Joe" Pulitzer  was an publisher.

Horace Greeley
Horace Greeley  was an newspaper editor, reformer politician.

Arachnid
Arachnida is a group invertebrate animals.

Arthropod
Arthropods  are a group invertebrates, for example centipedes, millipedes, insects, arachnids, crustaceans.

University Alabama
The University Alabama is a university in U.S.

Buttercup
A buttercup is a flower.

Gomaespuma
Gomaespuma is a radio show, presented by Luis Cano Guillermo Fesser.

Engineer
An engineer is a person with a university education in engineering.

Division by zero
Division by Zero is a problem numberory that does not allow a number to be divided by zero.

Flamenco pa tos
Flamenco pa tos is a festival Flamenco music.

Peter I Russia
Peter Great  was a czar Russia.

Note (music)
In music, a note is a bit sound, similar to a syllable in speaking a language.

Calabria
Calabria is a region south Italy.

WordPress
WordPress is a piece software used inside blogs.

Outback
Theback describes remote areas Australia.

Marske-by-the-Sea
Marske by Sea is a village in borough Redcard ind.

PayPal
PayPal is absite that allows money to be transferred between various email addresses.

Orson Welles
George Orson Welles  was an director moviesatre, asll as an actor, screenwriter, broadcaster producer.

Slobodan Milošević
Slobodan Milošević  was a, Yugoslav leader.

Gymnosperm
A gymnosperm is a type seed-bearing plant.

Spanish flu
Spanish flu , 1918-1919, was a bird flu .

Brock (Pokémon)
Brock  is a fictional character from Pokémon video games, Manga television series.

Zetland (lifeboat)
The "Zetland" was a lifeboat in Redcar,d, is oldest lifeboat in world which still exists.

Silba
Silba is an island in Croatia.

Ian Fleming
Iam Fleming was a author known for writing James Bond stories.

Ivysaur
Ivysaur is a fictional type animal from Pokémon video game anime series.

1611
Events.

Raiders Lost Ark
"Raiders Lost Ark", also known as "Indiana Jones Raiders Lost Ark", is an adventure film that came in 1981 from Paramount Pictures.

Ash Ketchum
Ash Ketchum is a character from "Pokémon" video games anime.

World's Fair
A World's Fair is ae exhibition industry culture.

Métis people
The Métis , also known as Bois Brule, mixed-bloods, Countryborn , are three divisions Aboriginal peoples in Canada according to government.

Courteney Cox
Courteney Cox  is an actress.

UEFA Champions League
The UEFA Champions League is a football competition between club teams in Europe.

FA Cup
The FA Cup is a national football competition between all league clubs ind.

Old Trafford
Old Trafford is a football stadium in Manchester ind.

Stadium
A stadium is a building in which lots people may watch an event.

Disaster
A disaster isthing very bad that happens to people almost always changesir lives completely.

Bobby Orr
Robert Gordon "Bobby" Orr  is a retired ice hockey defenceman.

The Muppet Show
"The Muppet Show" is a variety television series.

1250
Eras population estimates.

Valencia (autonomous community)
Valencia, Community, Country, Land Valencia, Region Valencia is a autonomous community, in east Kingdom.

Elx
Elx  Elche  is city in Valencia, inte province, in eastern Spain.

Java (programming language)
Java is a programming language that can run on many different computers including mobile phones.

Eon
The eon  is a very, very long time.

Bhagavad Gita
The Bhagavad Gita is a holy book Hinduism.

Upanishad
Theads are sacred books Hindu people.

Concert
A Concert is a performance in which a musician many musicians play music together to a group listeners .

Palm tree
Palm trees are a family plants.

Bailiwick Jersey
The Bailiwick Jersey is a territory belonging to Crown innelds includes islands Jersey, Minquiers Ecréhous.

Bailiwicksey
The Bailiwicksey is a territory belonging to Crown innelds.

Alderney
Alderney isnelds innel betweendce.

Hera
Hera is a goddess love marriage in Greek mythology, is Twelves.

Mirror
A mirror isthing that reflects light.

Space probe
A space probe is an unmanned space mission, usually a spacecraft sent to find information about a planet.

Blue's Clues
"Blue's Clues" is a television series for young children that airs on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr.

Ford Motory
The Ford Motory  is an company that makes cars.

Rastafarian
A  is a member Rastafari movement.

John Constable
John Constable was a famous painter artist.

Alyssao
Alyssao  is an actress.

A Mind
"A Mind" is a book an Academy Award-winning movie .

McGurk effect
The McGurk effect shows how hearing vision are perception.

J. M. W. Turner
Joseph Mallord William Turner was an painter artist.

Mug
A mug is a container for liquids.

Claude Monet
Claude Monet was a French painter artist.

Video
Video is a technology.

Exodus
Exodus is book in Torah, Books Moses.

Stretching (body piercing)
Stretching is a word a body modification.

Chernobyl accident
Theobyl accident occurred on April 26, 1986 atobyl nuclear power plant in Pripyat, Ukraine.

Prypiat, Ukraine
Prypiat  is an abandoned city in northern Ukraine.

Thyroid cancer
Thyroid cancer is cancer thyroid gland.

Containment building
A Containment building is a building with a nuclear reactor in it.

Chernobyl
Chernobyl  is a city in northern Ukraine, near border with Belarus.

Klaus Wowereit
Klaus Wowereit  is a politician.

Sino-Soviet Split
The Sino-Soviet Split happened when China's leader, Mao Zedong didn't want to be friends with Soviet Union anymore.

Awake
Animals are awake for hours each day night.

Liu Bei
Liu Bei  was founder Shu Han dynasty its emperor.

Cao Cao
Cao Cao  was a general.

Zhang Fei
Zhang Fei  was a warrior in ancient China.

Dong Zhuo
Dong Zhuo  was a reckless general in ancient China.

Sun
Sun  was an ancient warlord founder Wu in 222.

Conference
A conference is an event where people get together to discuss things.

Pasture
A pasture is a piece land.

Hectare
One Hectare is a unit measurement.

Zhugeg
Zhugeg  was a politician general ancient Shu Han Dynasty.

Wavelength
A wavelength is length repeating a "sine wave".

Francis Scott Key
Francis Scott Key  was an lawyer poet.

Latex
Latex is sap a certain type tree.

Drum
A drum is a musical instrument that is struck with hands with a drum stick .

Pashupatinath
Pashupatinath is sacred temples Hindu.

Invasion
One many examples is importing rabbits to Australia.

Olive tree
The olive tree is a tree.

Hello
Hello is a word used as a greeting in.

Annexation
Annexation  means territory is being merged with another.

Manchuria
Manchuria is homeland Manchu people .

Tuva
Tuva is Russia.

Senkakuds
The Senkakuds Diaoyuds  are also known as Pinnacleds.

Ryukyuds
Ryukyuds  Nanseids  are a chain islands located between China.

World Youth Day
"World Youth Day " is a gathering  young Catholic people.

Carl XVI Gustaf Sweden
Internationally King Carl XVI Gustav is known for presenting Nobel Prizes every year.

Age Empires III
"Age Empires III" is a 2005 computer game made by company Ensemble Studios.

Bank China Tower
The Bank China Tower  isll known skyscrapers in centrals Hong Kong.

Ulan Bator
Ulaanbaatar, Bator, is capital city Mongolia.

Pyongyang
Pyŏngyang  is capital city in country North Korea.

IBM
International Business Machines Corporation  is a company from United States that makes sells software, computer hardware, infrastructure services, consulting services.

Mary (mother Jesus)
Inity, Mary ; Septuagint Greek Μαριαμ, Mariam, Μαρια, Maria; Syriac: Mart Maryam) was mother Jesus.

Quake
"Quake" is a violent-person shooter computer game that was released by id Software on July 22, 1996.

Kunya
A kunya  is a which is honorably given to mother father an Arabic child.

Zen
Zen is a for Mahāyāna Buddhist schools.

Lowland Scots
Lowland Scots,times called simply "Scots"times "Lallans", is spoken insd, mainly in south east, Ulster in northd.

Scottish
Scottish is language spoken ind.

Mathematical analysis
Analysis is about limits.

Locust
Locust is a grasshopper whichs swarms.

Grasshopper
A grasshopper is an insect.

Olive oil
Olive oil is a vegetable oil.

Oil lamp
An oil lamp is a lamp.

Conjugation
Conjugations ares verbs that are with subject that is doing action described by verb.

Tomas Garrigue Masaryk
Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk  was president Czechoslovakia.

Arachne
Arachne is a character from Greek mythology.

Arachnophobia
Arachnophobia is a fear spiders.

Phobia
Zitaru  11:34, 9 December 2008 —11:34, 9 December 2008 Zitaru A phobia is a strong fearthing.

John le Carré
John le Carré is author many spy novels.

Sexually transmitted disease
A sexually transmitted disease is a disease which generally spreads by sexual intercourse, includingal sex anal sex.

Atacama Desert
The Atacama Desert is a desert.

Thirty
Thirty is number that is after twenty-nine before thirty-one.

International Atomic Energy Agency
Theational Atomic Energy Agency  is a spin-offganisation from United Nations.

Roger Ebert
Roger Joseph Ebert  is a famous movie critic in United States.

Seibersdorf
Seibersdorf is a village in Lower Austria, Austria.

Russian Revolution
The term Revolution refers mainly to Revolution 1917, which included February Revolution resulting in abdication  Czar Nicholas II laterevik revolt Communism, October Revolution, that had royal family shot.

Baguette
Baguettes are long thin loaves bread popular ince, other French-speaking countries.

Barometer
Barometer is a instrument air pressure.

Nokia
Nokia Corporation is a company that makes mobile phones.

Research
Research is process finding facts.

E3
The Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3 is conferences for video games in world.

Prince Edwardd
Prince Edwardd  is a province in Canada.

Antigen
When an antigen is it causes production antibodies.

Chaos
Chaos is whenthing unpredictable, random happens.

Information entropy
Entropy is a concept from informationory.

Spice Girls
The Spice Girls are a popular pop grouped in 1994.

Traffic cone
Traffic cones  are cone-shaped markers, generally made plastic, that are placed on roads to temporarily redirect automobile traffic in a safe manner.

Agatha Christie
Agatha Christie  was an writer crime stories.

MB
¹ Although this is usage preferred by several standardisationganisations, multiple symbol capitalisation variants are used in many documents, so context must be meaning.

Kwame Nkrumah
Dr.

Diego Velázquez
Diego Velázquez  was a painter, leading artist in court King Philip IV.

Kinshasa
Kinshasa is capital city Democratic Republic Congo .

Great Barrier Reef
The Great Barrier Reef is world's coral reef.

Missouri Compromise
The Missouri Compromise, also called Compromise 1820, was a plan proposed by Henry Clay U.S.

Peafowl
A peafowl is a bird "Phasianidae" family.

Manager
A manager is a person who "manages" is "in charge"thing.

Dachshund
The dachshund is a breed dog.

Karachi
Karachi is city "National City" capital province Sindh.

Transliteration
Transliteration is how writing is changed from a writing system alphabet to another, while making each sound stay same.

Taoism
Taoism Daoism is a type belief.

Adjustment
An adjustment is whenthing is changed in a way.

Poverty
Poverty is not having enough money to have basic needs food, water, shelter, toilets.

Cabin
A cabin is a building where people live.

British Empire
The Empire was a global power that contained territories owned by United Kingdom.

Chimbote
Chimbote is city in Region Peru.

Tram
A tram  is a passenger vehicle that is a light train.

Fast food
Fast food is term for a food that people eat from a restaurant where you get is called "junk food".

Scott Joplin
Scott Joplin was all-known ragtime musician composer.

Propane
Propane is an alkane .

Flag
The flag shows a red sun  in middle a white field.

Nationalism
Nationalism is an ideology that says that every ethnic group humans should be free to rule itself.

Drought
Drought is when not enough rain falls for a long time.

Deafness
Deafness is whenone cannot hear cannot hearll.

Liver bird
The Liver birds are twoe famous bronze metal birds on top a building - Liver Building - in city Liverpool,d.

Demonstration
A demonstration is an event where people dothing to let others knowy think to try to change people's point view.

Chartist
The Chartistsre people who more rights for working class people in mid-19th century.

Movieatre
A movieatre,ten spelled "theater" because many people consider "theatre" to only mean live plays, is a place where movies are shown on a screen.

The KLF
The KLFre a band fromd.

Monounsaturated fat
Monounsaturated fats are found in food items, moreicularly natural foods nuts avocados.

Polyunsaturated fat
Polyunsaturated fats are fats that are usually found in items vegetable oils.

The North Avenue Irregulars
"The North Avenue Irregulars" is a 1979 movie starring Edwardn.

Candleshoe
Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions live action movie.

Hikaru Utada
Hikaru Utada , is an-born singer songwriter.

Scramble for Africa
The Scramble for Africa , from 1880s until start World War I, was a time much colonial expansion in Africa.

1160s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1110s 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s - 1160s - 1170s 1180s 1190s 1200s 1210s Years: 1160 1161 1162 1163 1164 1165 1166 1167 1168 1169 .

Seaweed
Seaweed is a algae thatten looks a plant.

Fairy tale
A fairy tale is a fictional  story which has characters, animals creatures from folklore; for example fairies, goblins, trolls, giants, elves.

Game show
A game show is a program on television where people play a game for points, with goal winning money prizes.

Genre
A genre is a style type music, literature , movies, other media .

Kristyson
Kristyson  is an actress.

Octopus
Octopus  is a mollusc.

Byzantine Empire
Thetine Empire  is given to Empire that existed during Middle Ages.

Guqin
The  is modern for a plucked seven-string musical instrument zither family.

São Paulo (state)
São Paulo  is a state in Southeast Region Brazil.

Trolley
A trolley is a vehicle with wheels that can carry things.

Abuse
Abuse is a term used for "use" "treatment"thing which causes hurt.

Mutant (Marvel)
A mutant is a type fictional character in a fictional universe created by Marvel Comics.

Urethra
The urethra is a tube that connects bladder toside body.

Stanislav Lem
Stanislaw Lem  was a science fiction writer.

Hostage
A hostage is a person who is held captive against his her will.

Intel
Intel Corporation  is a microprocessor company that was set up in 1980s.

Nintendo Entertainment System
The Nintendo Entertainment System  is video game console made by Nintendo.

System a Down
System a Down is an metal band.

Belarusian language
Belarusian  is a eastern slavic language.

Kevin Bacon
Kevin Norwood Bacon  is an movie actor who has starred in "Stir Echoes", "Wild Things", "JFK", "Apollo 13", among others.

Kyra Sedgwick
Kyra Sedgwick (b.

Treaty Versailles
The Treaty Versailles was a treaty to make peace between five nationsce,y, Britain, Austria United States after World War I.

Saint-Pierre Miquelon
Saint-Pierre Miquelon  is a French overseas collectivity.

Fifty
Fifty is number that is after forty-nine before fifty-one.

Rzeszów
Rzeszów  is city in south-eastd with a population 170,722 .

Houston, Texas
Houston is ae city in United States.

Polynesian people
Polynesians are native people from islands in Polynesia, including Hawaii, Tahiti, Samoa, Maoris in Newd.

Colonialism
Colonialism occurs when a country  takes control other lands, regions, territoriesside its borders  by turning other lands, regions, territories into a colony.

Hey Arnold!
"Hey Arnold!" is an animated television show on Nickelodeon network.

Diego Maradona
Diego Maradona is a Argentine football player.

José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero  is Presidentment Spain.

Electric guitar
The Electric guitar is a type musical instrument.

Louise Brooks
Louise Brooks  was an dancer actress born on November 14, 1906 in Cherryvale, Kansas, USA.

Bangor, Maine
Bangor is-largest city in Maine.

Benaw
Benjamin Peter Jamesaw  is an politician Member Parliament for Exeter constituency in United Kingdom.

Eschelbronn
Eschelbronn is a village with 2597 people livingre.

Order Bath
The Most Honourable Order Bath is ader chivalry.

Kurdish people
The Kurds are an ethnic group found in Iraq,, Syria, Armenia, Turkeyon.

Guerrilla warfare
A guerrilla is when civilians attack a regular Army.

Sacrament
Inity, a sacrament is a special rite.

St. Petersburg, Florida
St.

Canada
Canada is a country in northern North America, bordering United States America.

Twenty
Twenty is number that is after nineteen before twenty-one.

Forty
Forty is number that is after thirty-nine before forty-one.

Seventy
Seventy is number that is after sixty-nine before seventy-one.

Gas giant
A gas giant is ae planet that has a solid core, but a very thick atmosphere.

North Vietnam
The Democratic Republic Vietnam , commonly, Democratic Republic , also known as North Vietnam, is a country that existed from 1954 until 1976.

Setory
Setory is aory used in mathematics.

Bangor
Bangor is a city found in several countries.

Demo (music)
A demo, in music, is version a song album.

Breton language
Breton  is a Celtic language spoken iny, in north-westce.

Celtic languages
The Celtic languages are a language family inside Indo languages.

Salem, Tamil Nadu
Salem is a district a city in Tamil Nadu, in India.

Hunger strike
A hunger strike is a way that people protest by not eating.

Hermitage Museum
The Hermitage Museum  in St.

Boeing 747
The Boeing 747 is an airplane from Boeing.

Richard Trevithick
Richard Trevithick  was a inventor engineer.

Wasilla, Alaska
Wasilla is a city in U.S.

Rantoul, Illinois
Rantoul is a village in state Illinois.

Winter Springs, Florida
Winter Springs is a city in Florida.

Fredericton, New Brunswick
Frederiction is capital city New Brunswick, Canada.

Clearwater, Florida
Clearwater, Florida is a city in Florida, it is in Tampa Bay area.

Sitka, Alaska
Sitka is a town in Southeast Alaska, United States.

Jordanhill railway station
Jordanhill railway station is in a suburb Glasgow,d.

Googolplex
The word googolplex is a number represented by numeral 1 followed by a googol  zeros written as 10^10^100.

Flint
Flint, flintstone, is a igneous rock, which means that it came from volcanic action inside Earth.

Valley Center, California
Valley Center, Califoria is a suburb in San Diego County, California.

Newbridge, County Kildare
Newbridge  is a town in County Kildare,d.

Anaheim, California
Anaheim, California is a city in United States.

Chair
A chair is a piece furniture.

Hercules
Hercules is a hero in mythology.

Navigation
Navigation is how ships planes findir way from place to another place.

Hercules (1997 movie)
Hercules is an animated Disney movie.

The Karate Kid
"The Karate Kid" is a 1984 film starring Ralph Macchio Pat Morita.

Crazy Horse
Crazy Horse  was a Oglala Sioux Native leader.

He-Man Masters Universe
He-Man Masters Universe was a cartoon series, that came in 1983.

Fantasia Barrino
Fantasia Barrino is an singer.

Cabrillo Beach
Cabrillo Beach is a historic beach located in San Pedro, California.

Chulalongkorn University
Chulalongkorn University  is oldest university ind.

Khartoum
Khartoum is capital.

Konkani language
Konkani is a language from India.

Trench
A trench is a long, narrow ditch.

Trench coat
A trench coat  is a typedoor clothing.

Trumpet
A trumpet is a brass instrument used mainly in Classical music jazz music.

Microwave
A microwave is a high-frequency radio wave.

Microwave oven
A microwave oven  is a machine that cooks food using microwaves, a type radio wave.

Cobalt
Cobalt  is a magnetic transition metal.

Canidae
Canidae is a family carnivorous omnivorous mammalsder Carnivora.

Nickel
Nickel  is a magnetic transition metal.

Fox
A fox is a mammal.

Food pyramid
A food pyramid is a chart that can be how many servings each food should be eaten each day.

Torso
The torso is human body where limbs are attached.

Age Mythology
"Age Mythology" is a real-time strategy computer game made by Ensemble Studios.

Mississauga, Ontario
Mississauga, Ontario is-largest city in Canada.

Cambridge, Massachusetts
Cambridge is a city in U.S.

1684
Year 1684 was a leap year that started on Saturday when using calendar.

Coyote
Coyote  is an animal Canidae family.

Vole
Vole is a mammal similar to a mouse.

Isthmus
An isthmus is a narrow strip land, with water on either side, that connects two landmasses.

Rodent
Rodents are a group mammals.

Titan (moon)
Titan is Saturn's 56 moons.

Computer numberingats
Computer numberingats are ways that computers calculators represent numbers.

Columbus, Georgia
Columbus, Georgia is a town, in U.S.

Carthage
Carthage is an ancient city-state in is now Tunisia.

Brockton, Massachusetts
Brockton is a town in Plymouth County in U.S.

Rabat
Rabat is capital city Morocco.

Dukeamoku
Dukeamoku , was a athlete who is called inventor modern surfing.

Overland Park, Kansas
Overland Park is a city in U.S.

Bedford
Bedford is county townire,d.

Pentomino
A pentomino is a 2D shape made 5 side-by-side equal-sized squares.

Ejaculation
Ejaculation happens when body shoots fluid after it has been aroused stimulated .

Team
A team is a group people who have a certain task to complete.

Emperor Showa
Emperor Showa is given to Hirohito after he died.

Human evolution
Human evolution isory by which scientists think that humans became a species .

Ancient Rome
Ancient Rome is for civilization that started in Rome, in century BC.

Globalization
Globalization is way that local national ways doing things become global, that is, done together around world.

Northd
Northd is a province ds.

Folk music
Folk music is music that is played sung bydinary people .

Abraham
Abraham  is a character in Bible.

Tao Te Ching
Tao Te Ching  is a book by a mand Laozi .

Bacon
Bacon is a type meat that comes from pigs.

Molotov-Ribbentrop pact
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was signed by Vyacheslav Molotov  Joachim von Ribbentropp  on 23 August, 1939.

Vyacheslav Molotov
Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Molotov  (March 9 [O.S.

Babylonia
Babylonia was a state in Mesopotamia a long time ago.

Joachim von Ribbentrop
Ulrich Friedrich Wilhelm Joachim von Ribbentrop   was Foreign Ministery from 1938 until 1945.

Noise
Noise is another word for sound.

Karma
Karma is a word meaning result a person's actions asll as actionsmselves.

Western Hemisphere
The Hemisphere is a geographical term for half Earth that is locatedst Prime.

Molotov cocktail
A molotov cocktail, also known as a petrol bomb, benzine torch, molotov grenade a molotov bomb, is generic for differents crude incendiaryapons.

Flammability
Flammability inflammability means thatthing can be set on fire easily.

Arson
Arson is a crime.

Cocktail
A Cocktail is a mixed drink.

Sneeze
A sneeze is a reaction in nose in which air mucus  are forced quickly.

Puma
Pumas , also called cougars mountain lions, aree wild cats that live onst coast Canada, instern half United States Florida, Central South America.

Google Talk
Google Talk is a Windows application for Voice over IP instant messaging,fered by Google.

Armour
Armour  is a protective covering clothing to prevent injury when being attacked.

North Star Computers
North Star Computers was earliest manufacturers microcomputers.

Mario Bros.
Mario Bros.

Oval
An oval is a shape.

Risk
Risk is possibilitything bad happening.

Focus
Focus is a word that means many things.

Pipegan
The pipegan is a keyboard instrument in which sound is made by air blowing through pipes.

Celtic
The words Celt Celtic can have many meanings.

Manx language
The Manx language, , is a language spoken in Isle Man.

Goidelic languages
The Goidelic languages Gaelic languages are a language family Celtic languages.

Manx (cat)
The Manx is a breed domestic cat.

Agave
Agaves are succulent plants.

Applesauce
Applesauce  is a sauce that is made from stewed mashed apples.

Charles Richter
Charlescis Richter  was an seismologist,one who studies earthquakes.

Charles IId
Charles II, who istimes called Merry Monarch , was kingd, Wales,d,d, from 1649 to 1685.

Crunk
Crunk is a type hip hop music.

Pimp
A pimp is a man who controls more prostitutes, inder to make money fromm.

Asian
An isone from Asiaone with an branch ethnicity.

Vice versa
Vice versa is a Latin word meaning "the other way around." It literally translates to "with position turned." For example: black vase goes on white table vice versa means black vase goes on white table white vase goes on black table.

Allan Kardec
Allan Kardec  was a French philosopher teacher.

Hyves
Hyves is absite where people can have contact with friends online.

Sexgan
The sexgans, known scientifically as genitalia genitals, ares body that allow sexual reproduction  to take place.

Laurence Olivier
Laurence Kerr Olivier  was an actor in century.

Alexa
Alexa is anet service that measures how manyet users visit absite.

Poodle
A poodle is a breed dog.

Irish language
Irish "Gaeilge" is a language spoken ind.

Max Ruby
"Max Ruby" is a 2002 animated television series.

Apollo program
The Apollo program  was a project by United States' National Aeronautics Space Administration .

NASA
NASA National Aeronautics Space Administration is United States government that deals with space exploration aeronautics, operating designing planes.

Advaitata
Advaitata is a type Hinduism.

Parthenon
The Parthenon is a temple in middle Acropolis in Athens, Greece .

Neutral
Neutral is a word that comes from Latin "ne-uter".

Physical anthropology
Physical anthropology deals primarily with looking at how human body has changed over course time.

Jackal
Jackals are canids found in Africa Asia.

Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Milwaukee is city in state Wisconsin-largest in United States.

Diogenes syndrome
Diogenes syndrome is a behavioral disorder.

Marx Engelset Archive
The Marxistset Archive  is a volunteer based non-profitganization that has anet archive Marxist writers other similar authors  onirbsite.

Northtic Treatyisation
The Northtic Treatyisation , also called Northticce,ticce,ce, is an internationalganization for peace defense established in 1949, from Northtic Treaty signed inington, D.C., USA, on April 4, 1949.

Felidae
Felidae is a family mammals, inder Carnivora.

Andrei Sakharov
Andrei Dmitrievich Sakharov , was a Soviet nuclear physicist.

1686
Year 1686 was a common year that started on a Tuesday when using calendar.

1st century
The century is century from 1 to 100.

Equidae
"Equidae" is a family odd-toed ungulate mammals.

Lynx
Lynx is four species wild cats.

Shania Twain
Shania Twain  was born in Timmins, Ontario, Canada.

The Grass Roots
The Grass Rootsre a pop music group, popular in 1960s.

Dionne Warwick
Dionne Warwick  is all known R&B singer.

Barenaked Ladies
Barenaked Ladies are a band.

Paul Revere Raiders
Paul Revere Raidersre a pop group whore popular in 1960s.

Nintendogs
Nintendogs is a video game for Nintendo DS.

Luigi (Nintendo)
"Luigi Mario" is a video game character.

RAID
These goals can't all be in RAID system at same time.

Leonid Brezhnev
Leonid Brezhnev was a leader Soviet Union.

Redundancy
Redundancy is a concept.

Approximation
An approximation is a version a piece information that does not describe it exactly right way, but is close enough to be used.

PhpBB
phpBB is commonly used, free computer software for forums.

World Healthization
The World Healthization  is United Nations , working on international public health, with headquarters in Geneva,d.

Jerboa
A jerboa is a jumping desert rodent Asia northern Africa that resembles a mouse with a long tufted tail very long back legs.

Aesop
Aesop, Æsop , known only for his fables, was by tradition a slave descent who lived from about 620 to 560 BC in Ancient Greece.

Olfaction
Olfaction is sense smell.

Teaspoon
A teaspoon is a spoon tea, measuring sugar, playing games such as spoons.

Camembert
Camembert is a village ince.

Camembert cheese
Camembert cheese, more generally known as Camembert, is a French soft cheese.

Shiva
Shiva is three main gods in Hinduism.

ASCII art
ASCII art is art made ASCII characters.

Riddle
A riddle can be classed as a statement with a solution.

Novalis
Novalis is pseudonym Georg Philipp Friedrich Freiherr von Hardenberg , who was a writer philosopher earlyticism.

Body piercing
Body piercing just piercing is act putting a hole in skin humans.

Elonka Dunin
Elonka Dunin is an woman who was born in 1958.

Supernova
A supernova is when a very star explodes.

Victorian
Victorian is a term that usually means time from 1837 to 1901 when Victoria was Queen United Kingdom Great Britaind,thing that was made in done in a style that time.

Bethlehem
Bethlehem is a city on West Bank in Palestine.

Disco
Disco is a style pop music that was popular in mid-1970s.

Albert II, Prince Monaco
Prince Albert II  is ruler Monaco.

Rex Warner
Reginald Ernest Warner Rex Warner  was a classical writer translator.

Hugh Cook
Hugh Cook  is a writer.

Franz Boas
Franz Boas  was a-born anthropologist.

Zapotec people
The Zapotec are a native tribe people from Mexico.

IMAX
IMAX is a movie projection system, which shows movies on a verye screen.

Esotericism
Esotericism is about secret knowledge for a group people.

Hugh Cook (science fiction author)
Hugh Walter Gilbert Cook  is a science fiction author.

Jainism
Jain Dharma is way life followers are Jains.

Sect
A sect is a religious political group that separates from a group.

Caracal
The Caracal, also called lynx lynx, is a wild cat.

Eel
True eels are fish with long, narrow, snake-like bodies.

Easter egg
An Easter egg is an egg, eaten during Easter holidays.

Lemur
Lemurs are primates apes.

Good Friday
Good Friday is a holy day thats celebrate on Friday before Easter.

Archaea
The Archaea , also called Archaebacteria , are a major division livingganisms.

Jared Diamond
Jared Mason Diamond  is an author scientist.

Iglesia ni Cristo
The Iglesia ni Cristo   is a church which was made in Philippines by Felix Manalo in 1914.

Municipal court
In countries, a municipal court is a court with limited jurisdiction, both in people laws.

Emma
Emma  wasll-known anarchists from late 1800s early to mid 1900s.

Computer engineering
Computer engineering is science makings electrical machines, computers.

Spanish Civil War
The Civil War  was a war in which fascistciscoco his troopsly took control Spain.

Fyodor Tyutchev
Fyodorovich Tyutchev   was significant poets.

Erythropoietin
Erythropoietin  is a hormone produced by kidneys.

Anarcho-punk
Anarcho-punk is a subculture that combines punk music anarchist politics.

Hardware
Hardware is artifacts a technology.

Slavic peoples
Slavs are people who live in central Europe.

Maharbal
Maharbal was Hannibal's cavalry-leader during Second Punic War.

Hannibal
Hannibal times known as Hǎnnibal Barca) was a statesman general.

Hominoid
The main difference between monkeys hominoids is that monkeys almost always have tails, but hominoids never do.

Veganism
Veganism is a philosophy that says people should not use animals in any way.

Necrophilia
Necrophilia is whenone is sexually bodies.

Strait
The Strait is a passage way fromtic to Pacific.

Fenerbahce
Fenerbahçe is a sports club inbul, Turkey.

Lakeyika
Lakeyika ise lake in central Africa.

Pinocchio (1940 movie)
"Pinocchio" is an animated movie made by Walt Disney.

Lubbock, Texas
Lubbock, Texas is a city in United States.

Pearl
Pearls are a material made by mollusks, oysters.

Warner Bros.
Warner Brothers (knownficially as Warner.

Quarter
A Quarter is a 25 percentthing.

Freedom religion
If a country has freedom religion, peoplere can either belong to any religiony choose, belong to no religion; leave any religious group asll as join any religious group; take any religious actionsir faith requires; join with other people for religious purposes.

MDC (band)
MDC are an anarcho-punk hardcore punk band that started in Austin, Texas in 1979.

Optimus Prime
Optimus Prime is a fictional character from a television series toy line.

Comic strip
There are comic strips in newspapers onb.

First ScotRail
First ScotRail is FirstGroup train operating company running domestic passenger trains withind cross-border Sleeper service to London.

Waste container
A waste container  is a container, usually made plastic metal, refuse.

Vijayanagara Empire
Theagara empire is an empire.

Delhiate
The Delhiate ,ath-e-Hind  /ath-e-Dilli  are dynasties thatre controlling India from 1210 to 1526.

Hoysala Empire
The Hoysala Empire  was an empire.

Macedonian Empire
Macedon Macedonia ) was an ancient kingdom in northern ancient Greece.

Burger King
Burger King   is a fast food restaurant that sells foods, such as hamburgers, French fries, soft drinks.

Lech Kaczyński
Lechder Kaczyński  has been President Republicd since 2005.

Argead dynasty
Argead dynasty was a dynasty Macedonia, a kingdom in northern Greece.

Antipatrid dynasty
The Antipatrid dynasty was a dynasty.

Antigonid dynasty
The Antigonid dynasty was a dynasty.

Futurama
"Futurama" is an animated television series.

Radar
Radar is a machine that uses radio waves to find other objects such as aircraft, ships, rain.

GameSpot
GameSpot is absite that was created in June 1996 by Pete Deemer, Vince Broady Jon Epstein.

TV.com
TV.com is a popularbsite owned by CNET Games & Entertainment familybsites, which also includes GameSpot, GameFAQs MP3.com.

Olive (color)
Olive is a muddy green color.

South Asia
South Asia  is south area Asia.

Thermodynamics
Thermodynamics is a branch physics that studies movement heat between different objects.

Brookhurst, Wyoming
Brookhurst, Wyoming is a census-designated place in Natrona County, Wyoming, USA.

Bollywood
Bollywood  is a word which refers to Hindi Language movie industry in India Origin.

Dinahington
Dinahington  was an R&B Jazz singer.

Robin Ward
Robin Ward  was an singer.

Adrenal gland
The adrenal gland is a mammals' bodies, it is located near kidneys.

Chiswick
Chiswick is a district in West London.

The Golden Girls
The Golden Girls is an comedy television series.

Bark
Bark is covering stems woody plants, trees.

Cowboy
Cowboy is a broad term for people who work on ranches.

Janet Reno
Janet Reno  was United States Attorney General from 1993 to 2001, under President Bill Clinton.

Alex Haley
Alexander Palmer Haley  was an writer.

Harold Robbins
Harold Robbins   was an author.

Baptism
Baptism is rite performed by churches denominations.

Shang Dynasty
The Shāng Dynasty  Yīn Dynasty  (ca.

King Tangg China
King Tangg China, in chinese:"湯", born Zi Lu, in:"子履"  was kingg dynasty in history.

Bu Bing
King Bu Bingg China', in chinese:"卜丙", born Zi Sheng, in:"子勝".

New Year's Eve
New Year's Eve is holiday before New Year's Day, on December 31, last day current year.

Chen Dynasty
Chen Dynasty 陳朝  was last dynasties in China.

Fighter aircraft
Fighter aircrafts are airplanes that are other airplanes.

Aircraft carrier
Aircraft carriers are warships that carry airplanes other aircraft.

Edward Kasner
Edward Kasner  is an mathematician .

Bay Bengal
The Bay Bengal is a bay.

Jubilee Line
The Jubilee line is a line on London Underground.

Medical emergency
A medical emergency is an injury illness that poses an immediate threat to a person's long-term health life.

Southeast Asia
The United Nations also includes Republic India excluding Occupiedmir.

Sprint
Sprints are running races in athletics.

Boxer (dog)
Boxer is a dog breed.

American Graffiti
"American Graffiti" is a 1973 movie directed by George Lucas.

Lake Vostok
Lake Vostok is seventy lakes in Antarctica that are under ice.

Infrared
Infrared  radiation is a type electromagnetic radiation .

Municipalities Republika Srpska
In 1994, "Law on Territorialization Local Selfment" was created.

Regions Republika Srpska
Brčko District is place controlled by Bosnia Herzegovina instead.

Republika Srpska
Republika Srpska   is two politicals that make Bosnia Herzegovina.

Kennethagh
Kennethagh (b.

Charles V, Holy Emperor
Charles V  was Holy Emperor, King Spain, Naples, Sicily, king territories.

Renaissance
Thece is a period in history Europe beginning in about 1400, following Medieval period, also known as Middle Ages.

Lava
Lava is people call molten, liquid rock that is above ground.

Greenwich Village
Greenwich Village is an area onstern southern/downtown.

Yoshiki
Yoshiki is a famous musician.

Aragon
Aragon  is an autonomous comunity in north Spain.

Aragonese language
The language is spoken in north Aragon.

Levi Eshkol
Levi Eshkol   was Prime Minister Israel.

Sidney Sheldon
Sidney Sheldon  was an screenwriter novelist.

Mackenzie Bowell
Sir Mackenzie Bowell, PC, KCMG  was Prime Minister Canada from December 21, 1894 to April 27, 1896.

Rugby World Cup
The Rugby World Cup is important competition in sport rugby union.

Ball bearing
A ball bearing is a ball, usually metal, that is type bearing.

1996 U.S. campaign finance scandal
The 1996 United States campaign finance scandal refers to possible efforts by People's Republic China to change United States politics before during Clinton Administration asll as fund-raising activities President Clinton U.S.

Kick
In hand-to-hand combat, in martial arts sports, a kick is a blow with foot, knee leg.

1400
Events.

Islam clothing
Dresses for women.

Charles Id
Charles Id  was Kingdd, House Stuart, from 27 March 1625.

Pepin Short
Pepin Short Pippin ,ten known as Pepin Younger Pepin III, was Kingks from 751 to 768.

Sense Sensibility
"Sense Sensibility" is a book by Jane Austen.

Pride Prejudice
"Pride Prejudice" is a book by Jane Austen.

Emma (book)
"Emma" is a book by Jane Austen.

Chris Martin
Chris Martin is an singer for band Coldplay.

Joseph Fiennes
Joseph Alberic Fiennes is an actor.

Piracy
Piracy is a crime that people do on ships which are at sea.

Wikibooks
Wikibooks is a collection free books.

Charles IXce
Charles IXce  was a Kingce a member house Valois.

Henry IIIce
Henry IIIce  was a Kingce a member House Valois.

Constance Arles
Constance Arles  was wife Robert IIce.

Matilda Boulogne
Queen Matilda Boulogne  was wife Stephend.

Marie Boulogne
Marie Boulogne was Countess Boulogne from 1159 until 1170.

Margaret Blois
Margaret Blois was Countess Blois from 1218 until 1230.

Flemish Region
Flanders  is a region in north Belgium.

Feta cheese
Feta cheese , simply Feta is a cheese.

Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Sgt.

Winter Palace
The Winter Palace  is a place in St.

Standing's day gecko
Theding's day gecko  is a type gecko.

Charles VI, Holy Emperor
Charles VI, Holy Emperor .

Pierre Trudeau
Pierre Elliot Trudeau  was Prime Minister during 1970s ,n again from 1980 - 1984.

Jennifer Lopez
Jennifer Lynn López (also known as J.

Anney
Anney  was a Duchessy.

Ritual
A Ritual  is a set actions people do.

Maria Theresa Austria
Maria Theresa Austria  was only female head Habsburg Dynasty.

Marie Antoinette
Marie Antoinette  was an Archduchess Austria a Queence Navarre.

Montesquieu
Charles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu , more commonly known as Montesquieu, was a French political thinker.

Aristocracy
Aristocracy is a government.

Poseidon
Poseidon is god sea in Greek mythology Twelves.

Object-oriented programming
Object-oriented programming OOP is a paradigm computer science.

Message (computer science)
In computer science, a message is a bit data, which is sent by a sender, to a recipient.

Handball
Handball  is a team sport similar to football .

Twelves
The Twelves are important gods Greek mythology, who lived on top Mount Olympus.

Sandro Botticelli
Alessandro dio Filipepi, better known as Sandro Botticelli   was an painter.

Hermes
Hermes is god travellers shepherds in Greek mythology.

Maia
Maia is oldest Pleiades in Greek mythology is goddess fields.

Pleiades (mythology)
The Pleiades are seven nymphs in Greek mythology, companions Artemis.

Medieval commune
Medieval townspeople instern Europe during period High Middle Ages needed protection from lawless nobles bandits.

Imperialism
Imperialism is a policy  in whiche countries hold control authority over other regions territories.

Heresy
Heresy is a word used by different churches, It is, who has ideas that are different opposite from churchficially says abouty believe in.

Cossack
Cossacks  are a group people in southern land Ukraine Russia.

American Sign Language
American Sign Language  is popular sign language for Deaf in United States, in-speakings Canada, ins Mexico.

Sign language
Sign language is a language where hands, body movements, faces are used to "talk" with other people.

Saint-Dié-des-Vosges
Saint-Dié-des-Vosges is a city in North Eastce, located in Lorraine.

Rhodesian Ridgeback
Rhodesian Ridgeback is a breed dog.

Glove
A glove is a piece clothing that covers a hand.

Sky High (2005 movie)
"Sky High" is a 2005 movie from Walt Disney Pictures, starring Kurt Russell.

Tales Symphonia
Tales Symphonia is a video game released in 2004 for Nintendo GameCube.

Protestant Reformation
Thet Reformation is a term used by people to describe a series events that happened in century in Church.

Sermon
A sermon is a speech that a priest gives during a church service.

Sand
Sand is usually chippedf rocks.

Alsatian language
Alsatian  is a language spoken in Alsace .

Ian
Ian CBE, , is a novelist .

Mahjong
Mahjong is a game for four players that came from China.

Ionia
Ionia was a region inst Asia Minor in Ancient Greek times.

Interharmonic
Interharmonics are ratios between harmonic another.

Harmonic
Harmonics is a term for harmonics a wave motion, wave motion harmonics.

Art Ross Trophy
The Art Ross Trophy is given to top scoring player each year in National Hockey League .

Towel
A towel is a cloth paper things.

South Georgia South Sandwichds
South Georgia South Sandwichds are an overseas territory United Kingdom claimed by Argentina.

Vein
A vein is a blood vessel running throughout body.

Ottawa Senators
Ottawa Senators is two teams that have played ice hockey in National Hockey League .

Calgary Flames
The Calgary Flames are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Edmonton Oilers
The Edmonton Oilers are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Philadelphia Flyers
The Philadelphia Flyers are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Pittsburgh Penguins
The Pittsburgh Penguins are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Conn Smythe Trophy
The Conn Smythe Trophy is a trophy in National Hockey League player in playoffs each year.

Los Angeles Kings
The Los Angeles Kings are an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

St. Louis Blues
The St.

Ratio
A ratio between two quantities "A" "B" isir fraction "A/B".

Fraction
In common usage a fraction is any a unit.

Proportionality
A proportion is a relationship between two quantities numbers.

Mitochondria
Mitochondria  areganelles,s a cell.

Menominee,
Menominee is a city in U.S.

Mortar pestle
A mortar pestle are two tools used with each other to mill  mix substances.

1212
1212 is a year in century.

Hiram E. McCallum
Hiram E.

Walter Cronkite
Walterd Cronkite, Jr.

Dog Dayoon
"Dog Dayoon" is a 1975 movie.

Cursor
A cursor is on-screen arrow which person using computer controls using computer mouse.

Kurt Gödel
Kurt Gödel  was a logician, mathematician, philosopher mathematics.

Tyrannosaurus
Thenosaurus was a predator from Cretaceous time.

Brno
Brno  is city in Czech Republic.

David Hilbert
David Hilbert  was a mathematician.

Bertrand Russell
Bertrand Arthur William Russell, Earl Russell, OM, FRS , was a philosopher, logician, mathematician.

Alfred North Whitehead
Alfred North Whitehead, OM  was an mathematician who became a philosopher.

Mask
A mask is a type clothing thatone can use to hideir face.

Holiday
A holiday is a special day.

Spokane,ington
Spokane  is a city in U.S.

M-16
The M16 is a rifle used in war by many different countries.

Foreskin
The foreskin is a fold skin that covers glands penis.

Sid Vicious
Sid Vicious  was an punk musician.

Wii
The Wii  is a video game console made by Nintendo.

Joseph Strutt
Joseph Strutt was an engraver in 1749.

Tricia Nixon Cox
Patricia "Tricia" Nixon Cox was born on February 21, 1946 in Whittier, California.

Grocon
Grocon Pty Ltd is a construction company based in Melbourne.

Głuchołazy
Głuchołazy  is a town ind, in Opoleip, in Nysa County.

Columbia River
The Columbia River is a river in Columbia, Canada, U.S.

Martyr
A martyr is a person who died was killed becauseir religious beliefs.

Whittier, California
Whittier is a city in Los Angeles, County, California, USA.

List institutions
This is a list institutions.

List French institutions
This is a list French institutions.

EarthBound
"EarthBound"  is a console role-playing game made by Ape, Inc.

Mother (video game)
"Mother"  was a video game sold only in for Family Computer .

Mother 1 + 2
"Mother 1 + 2" is a video game on Nintendo Game Boyce which includes "Mother" "Mother 2" .

Mother 3
"Mother 3" is a video game for Game Boyce, made by Brownie Brown HAL Laboratory.

Cardcaptor Sakura
"Cardcaptor Sakura" is a manga series from.

Allies
When written with a capital A, Allies usually means countries who fought against Axis Powers  in World War II from 1939 to 1945.

Sunderland
Sunderland  in North Eastd was a county borough, is now Cityd in Tyne Wear.

List kings Carthage
Until 308 BC, Carthage was ruled, at leastficially, by Monarchs.

Wilhelm Busch
Wilhelm Busch  - January 9, 1908 ) was a painter poet who is known for his satirical picture stories.

Electronic sports
Electronic sports is term for video games that are played competitively.

Marklohe
Marklohe is a village iny.

Skunk
A skunk is a mammal, usually black with a white stripe on its back a fluffy tail.

Cerebellum
In human beings, cerebellum is main divisions brain.

Sustainable development
Sustainable development is a socio-ecological process.

Ribose
Ribose is a five-carbon sugar.

Deoxyribose
Deoxyribose is sugar component deoxyribonucleic acid DNA, having hydroxyl group than ribose, sugar component ribonucleic acid RNA.

Henry Royce
Sir Henry Royce was born March 27, 1863 died April 22, 1933.

Seizure
A seizure is when nervesbody act strangely.

1236
1236 is a year in century .

Profession
A profession is a job that a person has.

International Nuclear Event Scale
Theational Nuclear Event Scale  is a system introduced byational Atomic Energy Agency .

Hafnarfjördhur
Hafnarfjörður  is a town ind.

Bloomington, Illinois
Bloomington is a city in County, Illinois, USA.

Giverny
Giverny is a village that was temporary home Claude Monet.

Fort Collins, Colorado
Fort Collins is a city in U.S.

Silver Spring,d
Silver Spring is a community in U.S.

Iraq
The Republic Iraq is a Middle country in southwestern Asia.

Neutron star
A neutron stared from supernovas massive stars.

Parent
A person's parents are mother father that person.

Lee Hsien Loong
Lee Hsien Loong is current prime minister Singapore.

Adam Eve
Adam Eve is a story from Torah.

Ramadan
Ramadan is Islamic month fasting.

Caykur Rizespor
Caykur Rizespor is a sports club in Rize, Turkey.

Tenzing Norgay
Tenzing Norgay  was a Sherpa climber.

Sherpa
The Sherpa are an ethnic group in Nepal, who live in highers Himalayas.

Charlotte Eagles
The Charlotte Eagles are a soccer club that plays in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Charlotte, North Carolina
Charlotte is city in state North Carolina is cities in United States.

Carolina Panthers
The Carolina Panthers are an Football team in Charlotte, North Carolina that play in National Football League.

Selgovae
The Selgovaere a Brythonic tribe ind, who lived in is now Borders.

Harrison Ford
Harrison Ford,  is an actor.

Pre-history
The word pre-history comes from Ancient Greek words προ = before ιστορία = history.

Early Middle Ages
The Empire ruled much Europe in ancient history.

KGB
KGB  is-language abbreviation for State Security Committee, .

FSB (Russia)
The FSB  is a state securityganisation in Russia.

Nicolausicus
Nicolausicus  was an astronomer.

Projection (mathematics)
A projection in geometry isthing a shadow, that an object casts onto another object.

Drizzle
Drizzle is given to light rain.

Lightning
Lightning is a electrical discharge produced during a thunderstorm.

Roseau
Roseau is capital city island Dominica.

Event
An event isthing that takes place.

Paint
Paint is general term for stuff that is colour to surface an object by covering it with a pigmented  coating.

Mark Antony
Marcus Antonius  (ca.

Digg
Digg.com is a social news, sharing, discovering, bookmarking rating informationbsite.

Crossword
A crossword is a popular type word puzzle.

Bob Geldof
Robert Frederick Xenon "Bob" Geldof, KBE  is an singer, songwriter, political activist.

Bullseye (UK game show)
Bullseye is a game show hosted by Jim Bowen in United Kingdom.

Coronation Street
Coronation Street is longest-running soap opera in United Kingdom.

European plaice
European plaice  is for a fish.

Taboo
In a group, a taboo isthing that group looks down on upon.

Flatfish
Flatfish are a type fish.

Monopoly
In economics, a monopoly  is when a product service can only be bought from supplier.

Pluto (Disney)
Pluto is an fictional dog that belongs to Mickey Mouse.He is a golden-yellow mutt with a green collar.

Even number
An even number is an integer which is a multiple two.

Mardi Gras
Mardi Gras  is a festival held two days before Ash Wednesday, signifying end Carnival season start Lent.

Røldalsvatnet
Røldalsvatnet is a lake in Odda,d, Norway.

Technorati
Technorati is a search engine forblogs.

Stuart, Florida
Stuart is a city in U.S.

Astoria, Oregon
Astoria is a city in state Oregon.

The Goonies
"The Goonies" is a 1985 movie about a group children living in a Astoria, Oregon, USA called The "Goon Docks", who go on a search for a pirate's treasure, to saveir neighborhood from being bought destroyed.

Press Your Luck
"Press Your Luck" was an game show that aired from 1983 to 1986 later in reruns, was hosted by Peter Tomarken.

Nepal Bhasa
Nepal Bhasa is a language.

Narcolepsy
Narcolepsy is a neurological condition.

Dannytom
"Dannytom" is an animated television series on Nickelodeon cable network.

Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
, also written Ahmadinezhad, , is President Islamic Republic.

Cane
A cane is stick from a piece wood,times metal.

Amazon.com
Amazon.com is an online store that sells books, movies, games, DVDs, music CDs, computer software other items.

Summer Olympic Games
The Summer Olympic Games Games Olympiad are an international sporting event which are held every four years byational Olympic Committee.

Alpha Centauri
Alpha Centauri is brightest star system in southern Centaurus constellation.

Last call bell
The last call bell is a bell found in bars.

TGV
The TGV , is a category high speed trains.

Slur
Slur is to talk very fast mix words together in doing so.

Caregiver
A caregiver, carer, isone who has job looking after people.

Binoculars
Binoculars are a tool that lets people see far-away things more clearly, using a technology called optics.

Odd number
An odd number is an integer which is not a multiple two.

Tent
The tent is a movable, lightweight shelter which uses thinfabric to protect people from wind rain.

Cottage
A house isten called a cottage.

Bullseye
The bullseye is centre a target , given to any shot that hits bullseye.

Alaska plaice
Alaska plaice  are salt water fish that live in north Pacific.

Sleep paralysis
Sleep paralysis is a condition.

American plaice
American plaice  are salt water fish that live in northwesttic.

Spiderb
A spiderb is a sticky net that spiders make from silk to trapir prey.

World Series
The World Series in Major League Baseball, is when team from League team from National League keep playing games baseball until two teams wins four games total.

Janet Jackson
Janet Damita Jo Jackson  is an pop singer, dancer, actress, songwriter.

Melissa Hart
Melissa Catherine Hart  is an actress.

Colleen Fitzpatrick
Colleen Ann Fitzpatrick  is an singer actor.

Jamie Lynn Spears
Jamie Lynn Marie Spears  is an actress singer.

Opel
Opel, full Adam Opel AG, is a automobile maker iny, founded in 1862.

JAG
"JAG"  is an adventure, crime, drama television show.

Burn
Burning is process combustion, a reaction between a substance  a gas .

Adobeop
Photoshop is a popular image editing software package.

Finger
A finger is a body that sticks from hand.

Bronze
Bronze is a metal alloy that is usually created by combining Tin Copper.

Flight
Flight, flying, is to stayf ground for a period time, able to move through air with wings.

Reindeer
The reindeer  is an even-toed ungulate mammal deer family.

Deer
Deer are a group even-toed ungulate mammals.

Atomic mass unit
An atomic mass unit is a unit measurement that is mass atoms.

Cation
Cations are atoms that have lost electrons.

Anion
Anions are atoms that have gained electrons.

David (Michelangelo)
David is a statue that was made between 1501 1504 bygelo.

Moses (Michelangelo)
Moses is a statue that was made bygelo.

The Birth Venus (Botticelli)
"The Birth Venus" is a painting by Sandro Botticelli.

Primavera (Botticelli)
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli, which was painted in about 1482.

Cupid
Cupid, also called Amor , is god love in mythology.

The Creation Adam
"The Creation Adam" is a painting bygelo in ceiling Sistine Chapel.

Newbury,ire
Newbury is a historical market town inire,d, with many buildings from century, world famous Newbury racecourse, Lambourn horse training stables.

Dvorak keyboard
The Dvorak keyboard is an alternative way putting letters on an keyboard.

Microsoft FrontPage
Microsoft FrontPage is a program made by Microsoft to help people makebpages fullbsites.

Staff (stick)
A staff is a long wooden pole,ten used in martial arts.

Martial art
A martial art is any fighting that has a set way practise.

Gonad
Gonads are ovaries testicles.

Felix Mendelssohn
Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy  was a composer.

Watercolour
Watercolours are paintings whose colours are water-based pigments.

Expert system
An expert system is a program running on a computer.

Hermann Hesse
Hermann Hesse  was a-Swiss poet, novelist, painter.

Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is a protocol networks.

Communication protocol
A Protocol Communication Protocol is a language to talk to each other.

ALDI
Aldi is a supermarket that can be found iny ins Union.

Channel Tunnel
Thenel Tunnel   is a tunnel betweendce undernel.

Katowice
Katowice  is a city ind.

Mobile phone
A mobile phone  is a little portable radio telephone.

Giorgioo
Giorgioo  is President Republic.

Robert Byrd
Robert Carlyle Byrd  is a current dean United States Senate.

Artemis
Artemis is a goddess in Greek mythology, Twelves.

Apollo
Apollon Apollo is a god in Greek mythology, Twelves.

Nike (mythology)
Nike is goddess victory in Greek mythology.

Cratos
Cratos is god strength in Greek mythology.

Montagud
Montagud is island South Sandwichds.

Styx
Styx is goddess river Styx in Greek mythology, which was only female river.

Groucho Marx
Julius Henry Marx Groucho Marx , was a famous comedian.

Greek mythology
Greek mythology is ae collection stories, started in Ancient Greece, about beginning world, lives adventures lots gods, goddesses, heroes, heroines.

List Greek gods goddesses
This is a list gods goddesses Greek mythology.

Nyx
Nyx was goddess night in Greek mythology.

Hemera
Hemera was goddess daylight in Greek mythology.

Aether
Aether was god light in Greek mythology.

Keres
The Keres are female death spirits in Greek mythology,re daughters Erebus Nyx.

Eris
Eris  is goddess strife discord in Greek mythology.

Geras
Geras is god age in Greek mythology.

Hypnos
Hypnos is god sleep in Greek mythology.

Momus
Momus is god blame in Greek mythology.

Moros
Moros is god fate in Greek mythology.

Metis
Metis is goddess wisdom in Greek mythology.

Eos
Eos is goddess dawn a in Greek mythology.

Selene
You can help Wikipedia by making this page section simpler.

Leto
Leto is a goddess in Greek mythology.

Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Sioux Falls  is city in U.S.

Christopher Eccleston
Christopher Eccleston  is an actor.

Deliverance
"Deliverance" is a 1972 drama movie made by Warner Bros..

The Adventures Robin Hood
"The Adventures Robin Hood" is a 1938 movie.

Speed (movie)
Speed is a 1994 movie.

Ares
Ares is god savage war bloodlust in Greek mythology.

Anna
Anna  was an writer.

Voodoo
The word Voodoo, which has many differents spellings  is a West religion.

Mercury (mythology)
Mercury is a god in mythology.God flight,ives, commerce travelers.

Medusa
Medusa is a monster from Greek mythology.

Olga Bondarenko
Olga Bondarenko  (b.

Hephaestus
Hephaestus is god fire in Greek mythology, Twelves.

Vulcan (mythology)
Vulcan is god fire in mythology.

Tyche
Tyche is goddess luck in Greek mythology.

Fortuna (mythology)
Fortuna is goddess luck in mythology.

Demeter
Demeter is goddess farming in Greek mythology.

Ceres
"This article is about goddess for dwarf planet see "Ceres' Ceres is goddess farming in mythology.

Roman mythology
Roman mythology is ae collection stories, started in Ancient Rome, about beginning world, lives adventures lots gods, goddesses, heroes, heroines.

List gods goddesses
This is a list gods goddesses that are in mythology.

Lists mythological gods
This is a list god versions in other mythologies.

Ancient history
Ancient history is history from when human history began until early Middle Ages end Empire in about 476 AD.

Reset
To resetthing is to bring it back to its'iginal position, starting point.

Andrzej Sapkowski
Andrzej Sapkowski  is all-known fantasy writer.

Statend
Statend is a borough New York City.

Borough
A borough is an administrative division in many countries.

Echo (mythology)
Echo was a nymph in Mythology, an Oread .

Helios
Helios is god sun a in Greek mythology.

Bia
Bia is goddess force in Greek mythology.

Zelus
Zelus is god dedication emulation in Greek mythology.

Mnemosyne
Mnemosyne is memory in Greek mythology.

Harmonia
Harmonia is goddess harmony in Greek mythology.

President pro tempore United States Senate
President "pro tempore" United States Senate is longest serving Senator from a major politicaly in United States Senate.

Davidt
Davidt (b.

American Broadcastingy
ABC  is an United States television network.

Fox Broadcastingy
Fox is an United States television network.

ABC
ABC are three letters in Latin Alphabet ABC could also mean: easy as 123 .

Papua New Guinea
Papua New Guinea is a country near Indonesia Australia.

Strom Thurmond
James Strom Thurmond  was an politician.

Roman Forum
The Forum is an area city Rome which ancient city developed around.

Playwright
A playwright is a person who writes plays for stage.

Iambe
Iambe was goddess rhyme merriment in Greek mythology.

Triangle (instrument)
The triangle is a musical instrument with three sides curved corners.

Bernie Little
Bernie Little  was owner in Unlimitede racing history.

Perseus
Perseus is a hero in Greek mythology.

Niccolòini
Niccolòini was a composer violin player.

Samer Kamal
Samer Kamal is a athlete.

Violet (plant)
The violet is a genus flowering plants.

Winnie Pooh
Winnie Pooh is a fictional bear created by A.

960s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s Years: 930 931 932 933 934 935 936 937 938 939 .

Aleksander Kwasniewski
Aleksander Kwaśniewski  is a politician.

Viola sororia
"Viola sororia", also known as "Viola papilionacea", common blue violet, common meadow violet, purple violet is a species violets.

NAND gate
The NAND gate is a logic gate digital logic circuits.

Under Rainbow
"Under Rainbow" is a 1981 comedy movie starring Chevy Chase, Carrieer, Eve Arden, Billy Barty, Mako.

Gilli-danda
Gilli "िगल्ली" -danda "डन्डा" is a game played by children in India.

Hick
A hick is a term for an stereotype.

Greenhouse gas
Greenhouse gases reflect radiation from Earth stop it from being lost into space.

Omaha hold'em
Omaha hold'em is a poker game, similar to Texas hold' em.

Leverkusen
Leverkusen is a city near Cologne at river Rhine iny.

Tocotronic
Tocotronic is a alternative rock band.

Bolesław Prus
Bolesław Prus  was a writer.

2040
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1990s 2000s 2010s 2020s 2030s - 2040s - 2050s 2060s 2070s 2080s 2090s Years: 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 - 2040 - 2041 2042 2043 2044 2045 The year 2040  in calendar corresponds to 5800 5801 in Hebrew calendar.

Wayne Mixson
 Wayne Mixson  is a retired politician.

Neustadt an der Weinstrasse
Neustadt an der Weinstraße is a city located ind-Palatinate,y.

Reubin Askew
Reubin O'Donovan Askew  is a retired politician.

Trabant
Thet  was a series cars built in Democratic Republic.

Lindsay
Lindsay Dee  is an actress singer.

Postum
Postum is a drink made by C.

Brok
Brok nad Bugiem  is a town located in Mazowszeip,d.

Herb Alpert
Herb Alpert  is an musician.

Teddy bear
A Teddy bear is a popularll-known toy.

Hangul
Hangul is alphabet used with language.

Lincoln Chafee
Lincoln Davenport Chafee  was a junior U.S.

Sascha Fischer
Sascha Fischer  is a rugby player.

Bob Graham
Daniel Robert "Bob" Graham  is a retired politician.

Ohio University
Ohio University is a private university in Delaware, Ohio a member Five Colleges Ohio.

Lakshmi
Lakshmi is goddess money luck in Hinduism.

Ancient Australia
In Ancient Australia , people to live in Australia arrived between 42,000 48,000 years ago.

Dreamtime
In Aborigine religion, Dreamtime, also called The Dreaming, had fours: The beginning everything; life power ancestors; way life death; power in life.

Loch Ness Monster
The Loch Ness Monster,times called Nessie, is a mysterious unidentified animal, that is said to inhabit loch Loch Ness, lake in country.

Southern rock
Southern rock is a rock music from United States.

Ostrów Mazowiecka
Ostrów Mazowiecka is a main town Ostrów County,ip,d.

100
100  is a common year calendar.

Niue
Niue is an island country in south Pacific.

Master race
The Master Race was an idea used by Adolf Hitler others.

The Last Supper (da Vinci)
"The Last Supper" is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci.

Thomas Apostle
Saint Thomas is twelve apostles Jesus.

Bartholomew Apostle
Bartholomew Apostle is twelve apostles Jesus.

Matthewgelist
Saint Matthew is twelve apostles Jesus.

John Apostle
Saint John was twelve apostles Jesus who is written four gospels New Testament Bible that isd after him.

Saint Peter
Peter  also called Simon  Peter is twelve apostles Jesus.

Sistine Chapel
The Sistine Chapel is ae chapel in Palace, place in Italy where Pope lives.

Pope Paul III
Pope Paul III ,iginally "Alessandro", was lastce popes.

Pope Sixtus IV
Pope Sixtus IV ,iginally "Francesco Della Rovere", was pope from 1471 to 1484.

Pope Julius II
Pope Julius II ,iginally "Giuliano Della Rovere", was pope from 1503 to 1513.

Donatote
Donatote (c.

Alexandre Dumas, père
Alexandre Dumas  is a French writer.

Beastie Boys
The Beastie Boys are an rap group.

Public Enemy
Public Enemy is an rap group.

Macbeth
"Macbeth" is a tragedy play by William Shakespeare.

Love's Labour's Lost
"Love's Labour's Lost" is a comedy play by William Shakespeare which was written between 1588 1597.

Titus Andronicus
"Titus Andronicus" (c.

The Comedy Errors
"The Comedy Errors" (c.

Pieta (Michelangelo)
The Pieta is a statue bygelo.

Raphael
Raffaello Sanzio, usually known as Raphael  was ace painter architect.

Non-governmentalganization
A non-governmentalganization  is a group people from different countries acting together, but not connected with government any country.

Wikipedia
Wikipedia  is a free,open content encyclopedia project in many languages owned byganization Wikimedia Foundation, headquartered in Sancisco, California.

Conservation law
A conservation law is a statement used in Physics that says that amountthing does not change in time.

Animal rights
Animal rights is a term belief that non-human animals have certain natural rights.

Aaron Sorkin
Aaron Benjamin Sorkin is an screenwriter.

1060s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s - 1090s - 1100s - 1110s 1059 1060 1061 1062 1063 1064 1065 1066 1067 1068 1069 1070 .

Aristophanes
Aristophanes  was a Greek writer who wrote 40 plays.

California Institute Technology
The California Institute Technology  is a major research university in city Pasadena in state California.

Secret
A secret is a piece information that person a group people know, do not want others  to know.

Oceanographer
An oceanographer isone who studies ocean, its properties, its characteristics.

Chicago Cubs
The Chicago Cubs are a Major League Baseball team that plays in Chicago, Illinois.

Herpes simplex
The herpes simplex virus   is a virus.

Władysław Reymont
Władysławisław Reymont, born asisław Władysław Rejment , was all-known writer, who won Nobel Prize in 1924 for his four-volume epic novel "Chłopi" .

Introversion Extroversion
Introversion Extroversion, made up by Carl Jung in 1920s, isory that describes how a person gets energy from world.

Sartell, Minnesota
Sartell is a city in U.S.

Sunset
A sunset, which in dialects is called a sundown, is time where Sun goes below horizon to West.

Pop punk
Pop-Punk Punk-Pop, is a popular music that blends punk rock with pop music rock music.

Sheryl Crow
Sheryl Crow  is an singer songwriter.

Chubby Checker
Ernests  Chubby Checker is a pop singer from United States.

Irish people
The are an ethnic group who come from came from islandd.Their are two countries ond called Republicdd.

Claude Debussy
Achille-Claude Debussy  was a French composer.

P.O.D.
P.O.D.

Differential
Differentials are main focus differential calculus.

Blackbird
A blackbird  is a type bird.

Geta (footwear)
Geta are traditional sandals.

Tabi
Tabi are traditional socks.

Bydgoszcz
Bydgoszcz is a city in northd, capital Kujaviaia voivodship, located on Brda Wisła rivers.

The Mystery Edwin Drood
The Mystery Edwin Drood is last novel Charles Dickens.

Vientiane
Vientiane is capital city Laos.

Dome
A dome is a feature architecture that usually looks upper half a sphere on top a building.

Address
An address  is wherebody lives.

Wadaiko
'Wa' meaning 'Japanese' 'Taiko' meaning 'drum', 'Wadaiko' is given to both act drumming in a tradional style  to drumsmselves.

T cell
A T cell is a type white blood cell known as lymphocytes.

Biscuit
A biscuit is a type food.

Electromagnet
Electromagnets are magnets that are only magnetic whenre is a coil wire with electricity running through it.

Palau
Palau,ficially Republic Palau, is an island nation.

Borderless country
A borderless country  is a country that is made up only islands.

Cloth
Cloth, alsotimes called fabric is an artificial material.

Llivia
Llívia is exclave.

Monkeyd
Monkeyd is all-known adventure game series made published by LucasArts.

Port Arthur massacre
The Port Arthur massacre was a mass killing that took place at Port Arthur,ia, Australia.

Backpacker murders
The backpacker murders is when lots peoplere killed in Australia from 1990-1996, allir bodiesre found ingalo State Forest, which is close to Sydney.

Azaria Chamberlain
Azaria Chamberlain is a baby whont missing in 1980 near Ayers Rock in Australia.

Peter Falconio
Peter Falconio was an tourist whont missing in Australia in 2002.

John Howard
John Winston Howard  was Prime Minister Australia.

Swedish language
Swedish  is a languagely spoken in Sweden insd, especially along coast on Åland islands.

Walter Mikac
Walter Mikac is an writer motivational speaker.

Martint
Martint  is an criminal who killed 35 people inia in 1996, in Port Arthur massacre.

Rugby league
Rugby League is a ball sport.

Dustin
Dustin  is a actor.

Chopper Read
Markdon "Chopper" Read  was an mobster who during his career in Melbourne mafia scene, was convicted many crimes, for example; armed robbery, assault kidnapping.

Elle McFeast
Elle McFeast is a stage used by comedian Libbi Gorr, who startedf on a show with Andrew Denton about sport in Australia called "Live Sweaty".

Elle Macpherson
Elle Macpherson  is an supermodel actress.

Andrew Denton
Andrew Christopher Denton  is an comedian television presenter whos to make fun politics.

Rene Rivkin
Rene Rivkin  was an man who made much money by buying stocks shares on stockmarket.

Eric Bana
Eric Bana  is an actor from Australia.

African Vernacular
African Vernacular  is a for way black persons talk.

Joe Vialls
Joe Vialls  was anet journalist conspiracyorist.

Tatts Group Limited
Tatts Group Limited,ly known as Tattersalls, is a company in Australia that helps people to bet money.

Tsukuba
Tsukuba is a new town in Ibaraki Prefecture,.

Naritaational Airport
Narita is international airport in Chiba,near Tokyo,.

Monitor
The word monitor is a Latin word for "warner" "suggester".

Chest
The chest is front torso between neck abdomen.

Axiology
Axiology is field study under broad scope philosophy that studies ethical aesthetic values.

Blackburn
Blackburn is a town inire,d.

National Security Agency
The National Security Agency  is a United States government.

Robert Wadlow
Roberting Wadlow  was tallest people who ever lived.

Code
Computers use codes, by changing letters into 1's 0's.

Goaltender
The goaltender  in ice hockey is player who defends his team's goal net by stopping shots puck from entering his team's net, thus stopping other team from scoring.

Wikispecies
Wikispecies is a sister project Wikipedia, so it is a wiki supported by Wikimedia Foundation.

Lopp Lagoon
Lopp Lagoon is a tidal lake on Cape Prince Wales  in U.S.

Welsh people
The are people from Wales, a country in United Kingdom.

League Nations
The League Nations was predecessor to United Nations it was post world war league but after failing to retain peace during world war it was abandoned re-created as is known to day as United Nations.

Audiolingual method
The Audiolingual Method is a method for teaching foreign languages.

Montenegro
Montenegro is a country in Europe.

Solar eclipse
A solar eclipse happens when Moon passes between Earth Sun.

Kate Fischer
Kate Fischer  is an model actress.

Alton, Illinois
Alton is a city in Madison County, Illinois, in United States.

Minneapolis, Minnesota
Minneapolis is a city in Minnesota.

St. Louis, Missouri
Saint Louis is ae important city in state Missouri.

Albert Coady Wedemeyer
See also.

William H. Tunner
Lt.

Sarasota, Florida
Sarasota is a city on West coast Florida, in United States.

Paul Reubens
Paul Reubens  is an actor comedian.

Peekskill, New York
Peekskill is a city in U.S.

Małkinia Górna
Małkinia Górna is a village in Małkinia Dolna Community, County , Mazowszeip,d.

John C. Calhoun
John Caldwell Calhoun  was vice-president for Andrew Jackson, an President.

Pelvis
The pelvis  is a set bones.

Cyprus Mail
Cyprus Mail is an language newspaper based in Cyprus.

Collision
A collision occurs when two objects come in contact with each other.

Belgrade
Belgrade is capital city country Serbia.

Puncknowle
Puncknowle is a village in Southwest Dorset,d, United Kingdom.

Hydrogen economy
A hydrogen economy is a hypothetical future economy in which primary energy other vehicles asll as creating electricity comes from hydrogen.

Brachiosaurus
Brachiosaurus  was a herbivorous dinosaur genus that lived in Late Jurassic period.

Barnacle
A barnacle is an animal.

Internationalganization
An internationalganization is anganization .

Port Arthur,ia
Port Arthur is a town on Peninsula, inia, Australia.

Odysseus
Odysseus was a person in Greek mythology.

Cast iron
Cast iron is an alloy iron.

Incest
Incest is a term that refers to sex between people who are closely related.

The Canterbury Tales
The Canterbury Tales is a book stories written by Geoffrey Chaucer in century.

Sweat
Sweat is a liquid,ly water , that comes from body when it is hot.

Adult Swim
"Adult Swim"  is a group television shows for adults older than 17 that is shown on Cartoon Network.

WESC
WESC is a company.

Ozámiz
Ozámiz is a city in Philippines, in province Misamis Occidental.

Tillage
Tillage is process in which soil is loosened softened by tillers harrows pulled by a tractor by a plough pulled by an animal human.

Yarmouth
Yarmouth could mean following places.

Yarmouth, Nova Scotia
Yarmouth is a town in province Nova Scotia in country Canada.

Spleen
The spleen is a gland that works closely with circulatory system.

Placenta
The placenta is a temporarygan found in female mammals whiley are pregnant.

Glorious Revolution
The Glorious Revolution was an event in historyd in 1688.

Electromagnetism
Electromagnetism is study electromagnetic field.

Acton, Massachusetts
Acton is a town in U.S.

Urbana, Illinois
Urbana is a city in U.S.

Bill Oddie
William Edgar  Oddie  is a comedian television personality, he is famous for his birdwatching conservation work.

Montgomery Ward
Montgomery Ward was an department store chain.

Toe
Toes are "digits" foot an animal.

AFC Champions League
The AFC Champions League is a football competition between club teams in Asia.

Newton's laws motion
Isaac Newton , father dynamics, – study motion – developed three sets laws that are true because results agree with laws he produced.

Fencing
"This is about sport.

Administrator
Administrators are people whoganize things businesses.

Geneva Conventions
The Geneva Conventions are a set four treaties international law.

International law
International law is law that is use when countries deal with each other.

Hague Convention
The Hague Conventions is a set treaties signed in Den Haag in 1899 1907.

The Hague
The Hague  is-largest city inds, after Amsterdam Rotterdam.

Special Air Service
The S.A.S.

Kookaburra Sport
Kookaburra Sport is an companyd after an bird, which eats snakes is,refore, very valuable tos.

Lancashire
Lancashire is a county in North Westd.

Churchd
The Churchd is a protestant church ind, with its head being monarch .

Grammatical tense
Some languages have all three tenses, have only two, have no tenses at all.

Blackpool Tower
Blackpool Tower is a monument in Blackpool, a Northd seaside town.

Theme park
Ame park an amusement park is a place with attractions made up rides such as roller coasters water rides.

Kookaburra
Kookaburras are birds genus "Dacelo".

Poll tax
Polltax is a system taxing.

Canadian dollar
The dollar is national currency Canada.

Bonn
Bonn is a city near Cologne.

CAF Champions League
The CAF Champions League is a football competition between club teams in Africa.

Copa Libertadores
Copa Libertadores de America  is a football competition between club teams in South America Mexico.

Longbow
A longbow is a type bow.

African Union
The Union  is an internationalganization consisting fifty-three member countries.

Bastille
The Bastille was a prison in Paris,ce.

The Freecycle Network
The Freecycle Network  is a global network people who share regive items.

Slashdot
Slashdot is absite, a place where people can read things with a computer.

Hooke's Law
The spring equation is common type Hooke's Law.

Railfan
A railfan is a person whos railways trains.

Time (magazine)
Time is a news magazine.

Cable television
Cable television is a way letting people watch television without having to get signals from an antenna.

Antenna
An antenna aerial is an electronic device receive signals that have specific frequency.

Jack London
Jack London was a writer who wrote many books.

Spacetime
Spacetime is a model in physics that joins three dimensional space dimensional time into idea space-time continuum.

Jerk
Jerk is change in acceleration an object.

Electric current
The SI unit electric current is ampere .

Cambridge
Cambridge is a university city ind.

Adventures Huckleberry Finn
"Adventures Huckleberry Finn" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1884.

Simple Wiktionary
Simple Wiktionary is a wiki-based free content dictionary run by Wikimedia Foundation.

Snooker
Snooker is a billiards sport for two players.

Aaliyah
Aaliyah Dana Haughton   was an rhythm blues singer actor.

Simple
Simple is a pop punk rock band from Montréal, Canada that was founded in 1999.

Serj
Serj  is an musician who lives in Los Angeles.

Axl Rose
Axl Rose  is an hard rock singer songwriter.

Gravitational energy
Gravitational energy is energy held by an object because its high position lower position.

Equal
In mathematics, two things are equal, wheny are same.

Shining Rockess
The Shining Rockess is a protected area in U.S.

Radioactive decay
Radioactive decay is process where nucleus an atom changes into another type nucleus produces aicle at same time.

Nicotine
Nicotine is a drug found in tobacco cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco, chewing tobacco.

Addiction
Addiction is when body mind badly wants needsthing inder to work right.

Secession
Secession usually means when country breaks away, leaves that country to start a new country.

Newd
Newd is a in north United States.

Rockville, Virginia
Rockville is a town in U.S.

Intelligence quotient
IQ intelligence quotient is a measurement how smartone is.

Dead Calm
Dead Calm is a novel that was written in 1963.

Event Horizon
Event Horizon is a scary movie from 1997 that starred Sam Neill as main bad guy.

Melting point
The melting point a substance is temperature at which this substance goes from solid state to liquid, at a normal pressure.

Michael Hayden
Michael Hayden  became head CIA in America in 2006.

Lutherstadt Wittenberg
Wittenberg is a town iny.

Cyber stalking
Cyber stalking  is whenone is usinget to stalk harassone.

Voltage
Voltage is change in electric potential  between two positions.

Hourglass
An hourglass, also known as a sandglass sand timer, is a tool for measurement time.

Stopwatch
A stopwatch is a tool amount timething takes.

Departmentsce
The départements  are administrativesce many French colonies, similar to counties.

Macrosociology
Macro-sociology is a way looking at world people in a broad way.

Banja Luka Region
Banja Luka is a seven regions in Republika Srpska.

Doboj Region
"Doboj Region" is a seven regions in Republika Srpska.

Bijeljina Region
Bijeljina Region is a region in Republika Srpska in Bosnia Herzegovina.

Flagd
The flagd is rectangular, stripes: white above red.

Quantum computation
Quantum Computation is a way computation that is very different from classical computation.

Elastic energy
Elastic potential energy is stored in objects that are stretched, compressed, bent, twisted.

Transrapid
Thesrapid is a high speed train developed iny.

Torque
Definition.

Warm
Warm is temperature between hot cold.

University Leeds
University Leeds  is a university in Leeds, UK.

Leeds
Leeds is a city in county Westire in centred.

Strong interaction
The strong interaction, four fundamental forces, is a force that acts betweenicles in nucleus an atom.

Neuwied
Neuwied is a town ind-Palatinate.

Brittany
Brittany is a region in Northwestce.

Standard Model
Thedard Model physics is idea to say how fundamental forces elementaryicles work.

Moldovan language
Moldovan  isficial language Republic Moldova.

List unrecognized countries
This is a list unrecognized countries.

List dependent territories
Dependent areas are territories overseas territories that do not possess full independence sovereignty as states/countries.

Electrical resistance
Electrical resistance is repulsion a current within a circuit.

Electromagnetic induction
Electromagnetic induction is where a current is produced in a conductor through a changing magnetic flux.

BBC Proms
The Proms are concerts which are a music festival.

Mount Merapi
Mount Merapi  is a volcano in Indonesia.

Conductor
A conductor is a material which electricity can flow through.

Michelson interferometer
The Michelson interferometer is tool interferometry.

The Gods Must Be Crazy
"The Gods Must Be Crazy" is a movie from 1980, directed by Jamie Uys, released in United States by Century Fox.

Janus
In mythology, Janus was god doors gates.

The Care Bears Adventure ind
"The Care Bears Adventure ind" is an animated movie from 1987, released by Cineplex Odeon Films.

Conducting
Conducting in musical sense means: beating time to help a group musicians to playll together.

Norwegian language
The language isficial language Norway.

French Polynesia
French Polynesia  is a French "overseas collectivity"  withicular designation "overseas country"  in southern Pacific.

Osnabrück
Osnabrück is a city iny in state Lower Saxony, is around 1,200 years old, castle dates back to century.

Neighbour
A Neighbour is a person who lives nearby, normally in a house apartment that is next door, in case houses, across street.

Flip-flop (electronics)
A flip-flop is a special electronic switch.

Satoshi Tajiri
Satoshi Tajiri  is person that created Pokémon fictional world.

Ilkley
Ilkley is a tourist town near Leeds.

Econometrics
Econometrics is a branch economics.

Franconia
Franconia  is northern federal state Bavaria.

King Arms
A King arms is a governmentficer in countriesd,d, Wales.

Psychokinesis
Psychokinesis telekinesis is ability to change matter, energy, space time by using your mind.

Cartoon Network
Cartoon Network is a cable television network, owned by Turner Broadcasting.

Autobiography
An autobiography is a book in which author writes about his her own life.

Penjing
Penjing  is ancient art growing trees plants.

Brian Eno
Brian Eno  is a musician fromd.

Kirby
Kirby is a fictional character in a series video games published by Nintendo.

Capacitor
A capacitor  is an electronic device that stores electric energy.

Strategy
Strategy is a word which was used by military.

Design pattern
In Computer science, a "Design pattern" is an abstract solution to a certain problem.

Amarillo, Texas
Amarillo is a city in U.S.

Lansdowne,ia
Lansdowne is a suburb Philadelphia,ia in US.

Gillingham F.C.
Gillingham Football Club is an football club.

Round (music)
A round in music is a song which can be sung by two more groups people.

Gallbladder
The gallbladder is a pear-shapedgan in your abdomen that stores about 50 ml acidic liquid  until body needs it for digestion.

Addenbrooke's Hospital
Addenbrooke's Hospital is ae hospital in Cambridge,d.

Koala
Koalas  are herbivore marsupials that live in East Australia.

John Adams (composer)
John Coolidge Adams is an composer.

Handcuffs
Handcuffs are a type restraint, mainly used by police, to prevent suspects from escaping, hurting anyone.

Flashlight
A flashlight  torch  is a, portable spotlight.

Cluster
A cluster is anything that is more than item put together.

Discrimination
Discrimination is literally whenthingone is distinguished fromonething.

Ernest Rutherford
Ernest Rutherford, Baron Rutherford Nelson, OM, PC, FRS  was a Newd physicist, who won a Nobel Prize for his work on nuclear physics, forory structure atom.

Serialism
Serialism is a way composing music using a series notes in aicularder using this to build up a whole piece music.

Frédéric Chopin
Frédéric Chopin  was a virtuoso pianist who composed greatest piano music ever performed.

Mikhail Glinka
Mikhailovich Glinka  was a composer, regarded as to become very famous.

Ellipsoid
An Ellipsoid is a shape a sphere, but it is longer in at least direction, an egg, a rugby ball .

Liancourt Rocks
Liancourt Rocks are a group islands in East Sea.

Pentagram
A Pentacle is a five pointed star, with all lines same length all angles same.

Benzene
Benzene, also known as benzol, is anganic chemical compound withula C6H6.

Tasmanian Devil
A Devil  is a meat eating mammal.

Joseph Haydn
Joseph Haydn was an composer.

Scale (music)
When make tunes use notes different pitches: high low.

Orthology (language)
Orthology is study right use words in language.

Toeiy
Toei is a company that makes cartoons movies .

Naoko Takeuchi
Naoko Takeuchi , born March 15, 1967, is a manga artist from.

Kimi Ga Yo
Kimi Ga Yo is national anthem.

April Fool's Day
April Fool's Day is on 1 April every year in many countries.

Baroque music
Baroque music is an era a set styles classical music whichre in use between about 1600 1750.

Canyon
A canyon is a crack in ground.

Pattern language
Pattern language is a system patterns that have a certain meaning other than just pattern.

National Maritime Day
In United States, National Maritime Day is held every May 22 to honor people who have served in United Statest Marine service.

Classical music period
The Classical music period is time from about 1750 to 1820 when Haydn, Mozart, Beethovenre famous living composers.

Spotlight
Spotlight is a magazine in.

Nuclear fusion
Fusion is process making a single heavy nucleus  from two lighter nuclei .

Concertmaster
The Concertmaster  leader  is important violinist in anchestra.

Mutual assured destruction
Mutual assured destruction  is a military strategy.

Stairway to Heaven
Stairway to Heaven was a 1971 song by Led Zeppelin.

Thin Lizzy
Thin Lizzy are a hard rock band fromded in late 1960s are still active.

Abu Hafiza
Abu Hafiza  is a psychiatrist a master planner for Al Qaeda.

Aziz al-Abub
Aziz al-Abub (a.k.a.

Hobbit
Hobbits are a fictional race in Middle-earth world invented by J.

Middle-earth
Middle-earth is a fictional fantasy world invented by J.

Arnold Rosé
Arnold Josef Rosé  was a famous violinist.

Pontiac Silverdome
The Pontiac Silverdome is a domed stadium in town Pontiac,, near Detroit.

Estonian language
The language is a Finno-Ugric language.

Chromosome
Chromosomes ares a cell that have genetic information.

Giovanni Gabrieli
Giovanni Gabrieli (born Venice,1557?; d.

Arcangelo Corelli
Arcangelo Corelli  was an violinist composer.

Henry Purcell
Henry Purcell  was an composer.

François Couperin
François Couperin  was a French composer who lived in Baroque period.

Christoph Willibald von Gluck
Christoph Willibald Ritter von Gluck (b.Erasbach nr.

Jan Ladislav Dussek
Jan Ladislav Dussek (b.

Johannes Brahms
Johannes Brahms (b.Hamburg, 7 May 1833; d.

Frederick Delius
Frederick Delius  was an composer.

Béla Bartók
Béla Bartók (b.

Benjamin Britten
Benjamin Britten  was probably greatest composer his time.

Claudio Monteverdi
Claudio Monteverdi  was important composer early Baroque period.

Charlie
Charlie is an screenwriter.

Oxbow lake
An oxbow lake is a lake, area water, in a curved shape.

Sequel
A sequel is a story, book, movie that comes takes place after another.

Major League Soccer
Major League Soccer is an football  league started in 1996.

Chicago Fire S.C.
The Chicago Fire are a soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Bridgeview, Illinois.

Columbus Crew
The Columbus Crew are an soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Columbus, Ohio.

Kansas City Wizards
The Kansas City Wizards are an football  team that plays in Major League Soccer in Kansas City, Missouri.

Newd Revolution
The Newd Revolution are a United States football  team that plays in Major League Soccer in Foxborough, Massachusetts.

Red Bull New York
Red Bull New York, also known as New York Red Bulls are an soccer team.

Colorado Rapids
The Colorado Rapids are an soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Denver, Colorado.

F.C. Dallas
FC Dallas is an soccer team.

Houston Dynamo
The Houston Dynamo are an soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Houston, Texas.

San Jose Earthquakes
The San Jose Earthquakes are an soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in San Jose, California.

Los Angeles Galaxy
The Los Angeles Galaxy are an soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Carson, California.

Real Salt Lake
Real Salt Lake is an soccer team.

Toronto F.C.
Toronto FC was introduced as a new team for Major League Soccer in May 2006.

Presidenty
The Presidenty  is head state Federal Republicy.

Miami Fusion
The Miami Fusionre an soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1998 to 2001.

Tampa Bay Mutiny
The Tampa Bay Mutinyre an soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1996 to 2001.

The Gillettey
Global Gillette  is an company famous for making shaving products.

Abkhazia
Abkhazia is a republic 8,600 km²  in Caucasus.

Heinrich Schütz
Heinrich Schütz  was greatest composer his time.

Domenico Scarlatti
Domenico Scarlatti  was an composer harpsichordist.

Wilhelmn Bach
Wilhelmn Bach  was a famous composerganist.

Indiana Jones
Dr.

Lord Protector
A Lord Protector is a title for heads state.

Fantasy
Fantasy is a genre fiction  that shows magic, supernatural force.

Materialist
A materialist isone who believes that world around us is made material, thatre are no gods other supernatural things.

Turkish Republic Cyprus
The Republic Cyprus   Cypriot State  is a break-away "de facto" state in northern island Cyprus.

New Caledonia
New Caledonia  is a "sui generis" collectivity" ce, made up a main island  several islands.

Dam
A dam is ae wall barrier that obstructs stop flow water,ing a reservoir a lake.

David Beckham
David Beckham is an football player.

Sonata
A sonata is a piece music for instrument instrument with another instrument accompanying.

Sonata
Sonata is a special wayganizing a piece music.

Aria
An Aria means a song, usually a song in opera.

Elijah Wood
Elijah Wood  is an actor.

Ian McKellen
Sir Ian Murray McKellen CBE CH  is a highly acclaimed actor for bothatre films.

Viggo Mortensen
Viggo Peter Mortensen, Jr.

Sean Astin
Sean Astin  is a movie actor, director, Oscar nominated producer.

Ian Holm
Sir Ian Holm CBE , is an actor.

Luigi Boccherini
Luigi Boccherini  is an cellist composer.

George Frideric Handel
George Frideric Handel  (b.

Richard Wagner
Richard Wagner  was a opera composer.

A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
"A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1889.

Juno (mythology)
Juno is version Greek goddess Hera.

Excalibur
Excalibur is a legendary sword in mythology Great Britain.

Georg Philippn
Georg Philippn  was a baroque composer.

Giovanni da Palestrina
Giovanni da Palestrina  was a very important composer church music his time.

The Prince Pauper
"The Prince Pauper" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1882.

The Adventures Tom Sawyer
"The Adventures Tom Sawyer" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1876.

Billy Boyd
Billy Boyd  is a actor.

Turing machine
Turing machine is a term from computer science.

Canadian football
Canadian football is football generally played in Canada.

John Rhys-Davies
John Rhys-Davies  is a actor.

Sean
Sean  is an actor.

Tripoli, Greece
Tripoli  is a city in Greece.

2006 FIFA World Cup
The 2006 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held iny from June 9 to July 9, 2006.

Polynesia
Polynesia is a group over 1,000 islands in Pacific.

Cocaine
Cocaine is a type drug that comes from leaves a plant called coca,times Coke.

Viola
A viola  is a musical instrument which is similar to violin cello.

String
Generally, string is a thin piece rope twine which is, bind, hang other objects.

Windsor,ire
Windsor is a town inire,d.

Windsor Castle
Windsor Castle is inhabited castle in world, is located in Windsor,ire,d.

Renault Clio
The Renault Clio is a car made by Renault since 1991.

Trojan Horse
The Horse is a wooden horse from War in Greek mythology.

Tesco
Tesco is a supermarket chain.

Fiat Panda
The Fiat Panda is a car made by Fiat.

Fiat Croma
Fiat Croma is two differente cars made by Fiat.

Fiat Ulysse
The Fiat Ulysse is ae car with seven seats made by Fiat.

Fiat Punto
The Fiat Punto is a family car made by Fiat since 1993.

Volkswagen Polo
The Volkswagen Polo is a car made by company Volkswagen.

Volkswagen Fox
The Volkswagen Fox is a car made by company Volkswagen.

Proton Savvy
The Proton Savvy is a car made by company Proton.

Airbus A380
The Airbus A380  is a 4 engined, double-deck aeroplane built by Airbus.

Paris (mythology)
Paris, also calleddros, is a person in Greek mythology.

Venusaur
Venusaur is a fictional animal in Pokémon video game anime series.

Helen
Helen is a person in Greek mythology.

RSA
RSA is a method to encrypt sign information.

Hector
Hector is a person in Greek mythology.

Hecuba
Hecuba  was a person in Greek mythology.

Priam
Priamos  is a person in Greek mythology.

Mix
To mix is action putting things together.

Achilles
Achilles  was a hero in Greek mythology.

Romantic music
Romantic music is music written in century.

Nereid
The Nereids are fifty daughters god Nereusid Doris in Greek mythology.

Romance
The wordsce romantic have several different meanings.

Romanticism
Romanticism is a style art, literature music in late early century in Europe.

Seveso disaster
The Seveso disaster was a chemical accident.

Junichiro Koizumi
Junichiro Koizumi is Prime Minister.

Majulah Singapura
"Majulah Singapura"  is national anthem Singapore.

Abruzzo
Abruzzo is 20 regions Italy.

Teramo
Teramo  is a province in Abruzzo, Italy.

Aegean Sea
The Sea is Sea.

William de Wiveleslie Abney
William de Wiveleslie Abney  was an astronomer, chemist, photographer.

Giacomoova
Giacomo Girolamoova  was a famous adventurer writer.

Colima, Colima
Colima is capital city state Colima.

Given
A given is a which is single person, to separate it from a group people, especially ifse all have same family.

Family
A family is a shared by people in same family.

John Baptist
John Baptist  is regarded as a prophet by at least three religions:ity, Islam,ism.

John
John is a,iginating from Hebrew.

List monarchs
This is a list Kings Queens Kingdomd from 871 untildd joined together in 1707.

Scottish monarchs
This is a list Kings Queensd.

Dandelion
A dandelion is a flower.

Motet
The word Motet is: a piece music for a church service sung by a choir without instrumental accompaniment.

John Carmack
John D.

Anthem
An anthem is a piece music written for a choir to sing at an church service.

Chinese character
Chinese characters are symbols used in writing.

Improvisation
Improvisation in music is art playing an instrument  in which musician musicians make up music asy play.

Reichstag
The Reichstag building was designed as a home to parliament Empire.

Siren
A siren is a creature in Greek mythology.

Sirens (movie)
Sirens is a 1994 movie that had many famous models in it.

Lavender
Lavender is a type plant found in almost all continents.

St. Gallen
St.

Hollyoaks
"Hollyoaks" is a television soap opera.

Muse (band)
Muse are anative rock band.

Astrology
Astrology is watching movement constellations stars planets, trying to tell future, a person's life will be.

Theatre Ancient Greece
Theatre Ancient Greece was an important in culture Ancient Greece.

Sophocles
Sophocles  was an Ancient Greek writer who wrote 123 plays.

Black pepper
Black pepper is a plant that grows in tropics, especially in India.

Chili pepper
Chile pepper  is fruit a series plants called Capsicum .

Aeschylus
Aeschylus  was an Ancient Greek writer who wrote about 76 plays.

Euripides
Euripides (c.

Chard
Chard  is a plant.

Half-life (element)
The half-life a substance is time it takes for half substance to decay.

Cyclops
A Kyklops, Cyclops is a giant in Greek mythology, which has only eye on its forehead.

Magnetic field
A physical field is a spatial distribution a scalar vector quantity.

Forehead
The forehead humans is flat space skin above eyes, between eyebrows where your hair starts to grow.

James Prescott Joule
James Prescott Joule  was an physicist, born in Salford, near Manchester.

Andromache
Andromache is a person in Greek mythology.

Astyanax
Astyanax is a person in Greek mythology.

Neoptolemus
Neoptolemos  is a person in Greek mythology.

Earth'sbit
All planets in our solar system follow an elliptical path.

Penelope
Penelope is a person in Greek mythology.

Anemia
Anemia (U.S.

Memphis, Tennessee
Memphis is city in state Tennessee.

Dari
Dari is a dialect language.

Counterpoint
Counterpoint is art composing music by combining differents  in a way that sounds nice.

Guided by Voices
Guided by Voices  was an indie band.

Eugenics
Eugenics is a philosophy.

Sterilisation
Sterilisation  is a process that makes animals humans that are able to bearfspring unable to do so.

Cerberus
Kerberos  is a creature in Greek mythology, a hound  with three heads.

Yerevan
Yerevan  is city Armenia.

Smallpox
Smallpox is a very bad disease.

Ancient China
Ancient China is a very old civilization.

Shaka Zulu
Shaka (sometimes spelled Tshaka, Tchaka Chaka; ca.

Halo
A halo is a ring light that surrounds an object.

Greek underworld
The Greek underworld is place in Greek mythology where people go wheny die.

Mughal Empire
The Mughal Empire,  was an empire in Asia which existed from 1526 to 1857.

British Raj
The Raj is a term history.

Lever
A lever is scientific term forthing generally used in physics.

Pulley
A pulley isthing that is used in it is heavyights science mechanics.

Jozef Pilsudski
Józef Klemens Piłsudski  was an important leaderd.

Isaiah Berlin
Isaiah Berlin was born on June 6 1909 in Riga, Latvia.

Guruth Sahib
The Guruth Sahib is a book religion Sikhs.

Zeno Elea
Zeno Elea was a Greek philosopher.

Zeno Citium
Zeno Citium   was a philosopher.

Iron Curtain
The Iron Curtain is a word War.

Indus Valley Civilization
The Indus Valley Civilization  was an ancient civilization located in modern.

Sumer
Sumer was an ancient civilization in southern Mesopotamia  that came into being around 3500 BC.

Cingular Wireless
Cingular Wireless is a mobile phone company from United States.

Mystery Science Theater 3000
"Mystery Science Theater 3000"  was a comedy television series.

Blaze Starr
Blaze Starr  was an stripper burlesque star.

Zip drive
The Zip drive is a data storage device.

Cosmetics
Cosmetics  are products human body look different.

Napoleonic Wars
The Napoleonic Wars are wars that people fought during rule Napoleon Bonaparte overce.

Etruscan mythology
Thesre people in North Italy who became Rome.

Cantata
A cantata is a piece music which is sung.

Clavichord
A Clavichord is a keyboard instrument which was very popular for many years, especially in, centuries.

Harmony
Harmony means playing several notes together to make “chords”.

Bow (weapon)
A bow is aapon arrows.

Nuclear physics
Nuclear physics is physics that studies nucleus atom.

Seljuk Empire
The Seljuk Empire was an empire Seljuk Turks, a Muslim dynasty, that ruleds Central Asia Middle East from to centuries.

Central Asia
Central Asia is a region in Asia.

Turkestan
Turkestan  means "Land Turks", is a region in Central Asia.

Mesoamerica
Mesoamerica is a geographical region.

Cathode ray tube
The cathode ray tube CRT was invented by Karld Braun.

Recitative
Recitative  is music which is telling a story quite quickly, as if itre being spoken.

Ancient India
Ancient India had a long-lived civilization culture.

Partition India
The Partition India was done in August 1947.

World Heritage Site
World Heritage Sites are places in world which are very important from cultural natural point.

Tail
A tail is section at rear end an animal's body.

Ganesha
Ganesha  is elephant-headed god in Hinduism.

Indie (music)
Indie is a word that is for independent.

C.D. Chivas USA
C.D.

Cycle
A Cycle isthing that is round.

Abu Musab al-Zarqawi
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi  was a leader Al-Qaeda, a terrorist group in Middle East.

Salta Province
Salta is a province in north Argentina.

Fermat's primality test
Fermat's primality test is an algorithm.

Hash function
The function is a function.

Trinity
In religion Trinity is given to God who is seen as three persons: God Father, God Son God Holy Spirit .

Mošovce
"Mošovce" is villages in Turiec Region Slovakia.

South Ossetia
South Ossetia  is a place in Georgia.

Soprano
A soprano is a female singer with a high voice.

Alto
The word alto can mean:one who sings lower than a soprano.

Tenor
A tenor is a man with a high singing voice.

Bass (music)
Bass is a low deep tone  in music.

Baritone
A baritone is a man with a voice range between that a tenor  bass .

Sappho
Sappho was an Ancient Greek lyrical poet.

Harry Potter Order Phoenix
Harry Potter Order Phoenix is book in Harry Potter series by J.K.

List U.S. state songs
48 states United States  have a state song, chosen by state legislature as a symbol state.

Pleiades (star cluster)
The Pleiades  are a cluster  stars in night sky.

Nicomachus Gerasa
Nicomachus (c.

Deimos (moon)
Deimos  comes from Greek word for terror.

Phobos (moon)
Phobos  is Mars' moons.

Charon (moon)
Charon is moon dwarf planet Pluto.

Charon (mythology)
In mythology, Charon was ferryman Hades.

Eros (mythology)
Eros is god love, lust, sex in Greek mythology.

Wheelwright
A wheelwright isone who builds repairs wheels.

Rotterdam
Rotterdam is city inds.

Throne
A throne isficial chair seat upon which a monarch  is seated on state ceremonial occasions.

Altar
Altar is a place,ten a table, where a religious event happens.

Donald
Don   was an man who played cricket.

Ian Botham
Sir Iance Botham  is an athlete who played cricket.

Daphne (mythology)
Daphne  was a dryad in Greek mythology, daughter river god Peneus.

Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game
A Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game  is a MMOG in role-playing game  genre.

Middle
Middle is an older type language that was spoken after invasion in 1066 until middle/late 1400s.

Patroclus
Patroclus  was a person in Greek mythology.

James Id
James VI I  was Kingd as James VI, Kingd Kingd as James I.

Hesiod
Hesiod , was an Ancient Greek poet rhapsode.

Fucai
Fucai is a farmer civil rights activist.

Phoebus
Phoebus  wasiginally a Greek god Helios.

Overture
An overture is a piece music forchestra to play at beginning an opera ballet.

Luthier
The luthier is a person who repairs guitars, violins, cellos, double basses, other wooden stringed instruments.

Moss, Norway
Moss is a coastal town located in county Østfold.

Dorset
Dorset is a county in southd which is by sea.

Poole
Poole is a town in Dorset,d.

Gorilla
A Gorilla is an ape genus "Gorilla".

Matthew Bellamy
Matthew Bellamy  is an singer.

Chris Wolstenholme
Christopher Tony Wolstenholme  is an musician.

Dominic Howard
Dominic Howard  is an musician.

Penlight
A penlight is a flashlight in shape a pen.

Rama
Rama is Seventh Avataranu in Hinduism.

Bournemouth
Bournemouth is a town in Dorset, in countryd.

Christchurch
Christchurch is a town in Dorset,England.

Symphony
A symphony is a piece music written for anchestra to play.

Upperconiament Region
Upperconia  is a "regierungsbezirk"  state Bavaria.

Weimar Republic
The Weimar Republic  is now use for republic that governedy from 1919 to 1933.

Lemma (mathematics)
In mathematics, a lemma is a "mini-proof"; a hypothesis which is provedn provides a a more importantorem.

Avatara
Avatara is a word Hinduism.

Constantine I
Constantine I  was a ruler  who reigned over Empire until his death.

Cleopatra VII Egypt
Cleopatra VII Philopator  was a queen Egypt.

Cleopatra
Cleopatra was a several ancient women.

CSS
CSS is an abbreviation It can stand for following .

Kelly Clarkson
Kellyne Clarkson  is an singer whotimes acts has recorded three albums.

Maurice Ravel
Maurice Ravel  was a French composer.

Jean-Philippe Rameau
Jean-Philippe Rameau  was a French composer.

Bedřicha
Bedřicha  was a Czech composer.

Light-emitting diode
A light-emitting diode  is a semiconductor device.

Antonín Dvořák
Antonín Dvořák (b.Nelahozeves, nr Kralupy, September 8 1841; d.

Leoš Janáček
Leoš Janáček  was a Czech composer who lived at endtic period beginning century.

Arthur
Sir Arthur  was an composer.

Psychosis
Psychosis is a medical for a state mind that can happen with several types mental illness.

Ramen
Ramen is a noodle soup.

Peter Paul Rubens
Pieter Pauwel  Rubens  was a painter.

Adolf Frederick Sweden
Adolf Frederick, , was King Sweden between 1751 1771.

Gothenburg
Gothenburg is-biggest town, after Stockholm.

BBC One
BBC One is a television channel in United Kingdom.

Bad Aibling
Bad Aibling is a town in Bavaria .

Gaya
Gaya is a town in state Bihar.

Patna
Patna is capital city state Bihar.

Samuel Johnson
Samuel Johnson  was a famous writer.

Nozomi (Shinkansen)
Nozomi trains are fastestsen "bullet" trains in.

Moravia
Moravia  is a historical region in east Czech Republic.

Advanced Photo System
Theced Photo System was a technology for photographic film cameras.

Coral reef
A coral reef is ae underwater wall made dead living corals.

Laurel wreath
A laurel wreath is a horseshoe circle-shaped wreath made from laurel that can be worn on head.

Ranchi
Ranchi is capital cityd state India.

Ujjain
Ujjain is a town in state Madhya, India.

Dravida
Dravida is people nons.

Ayodhya
Ayodhya is a town in Uttar state India.

Tulsidas
Tulasidas  was an writer.

Mathura
Mathura is a town in state Uttar, India.

Pulitzer Prize
The Pulitzer Prize is a prize.

Titan (mythology)
Thes are older "gods" in Greek mythology.

Turkish language
Turkish  is a language is spoken natively in Republic Turkey, Cyprus, Bulgaria, Greece, other countries Empire, asll as by several million emigrants in Europe.

Phoebe (Titan)
Phoebe is moon in Greek mythology.

Rhea (mythology)
Rhea is a in Greek mythology.

Magnus Henriksen
Magnus Henriksen was King Sweden between 1160-1161.

Karl Sverkersson
Karl Sverkersson was King Sweden between 1160 1167.

Knut Eriksson
Knut Eriksson was King Sweden between 1167, when he killed Karl Sverkersson, 1195.

Sverker II Sweden
Sverker II Sweden was King Sweden between 1196 to 1208.

Erik Knutsson
Erik Knutsson (c.

Johan Sverkersson
Johan Sverkersson was King Sweden between 1216 1222.

Erik Eriksson
Erik Eriksson was King Sweden between 1222 1250, with stop 1229 to 1234.

Westboro Baptist Church
Westboro Baptist Church is a church in Topeka, Kansas.

University Chicago
The University Chicago is a university in Chicago, Illinois.

Shanghai Fugu Agreement
Theghai Fugu Agreement was a political prank which was landed on Social Democrats in state Hesse in 1985.

Siren (noisemaker)
A siren is a device that is able to produce a loud noise.

Interval
An interval is comes between two things.

Washington Capitals
Theington Capitals are an ice hockey team inington, DC.

Rhea Silvia
Rhea Silvia is mother twin brothers Romulus Remus in mythology.

Virginity
Virginity means a state purity inexperience.

Tethys
Tethys is a in Greek mythology.

Sarajevo
Sarajevo is capital city Bosnia Herzegovina.

Iapetos
Iapetos, also known as Iaepetus Japetus, is a in Greek mythology.

Kronos
Kronos  is a in Greek mythology.

Okeanos
Okeanos is a in Greek mythology.

Okeanid
Theids are daughterssos Tethys in Greek mythology.

Kreios
Kreios Crius is a in Greek mythology.

Koios
Koios Coeus is intelligence in Greek mythology.

Uranos
Uranos is god sky in Greek mythology.

Gaia (mythology)
Gaia was goddess earth in Greek mythology.

Erebos
Erebos is god darkness in Greek mythology.

Kallisto
Kallisto Callisto was a nymph in Greek mythology, a companion Artemis.

Semele
Semele is a person in Greek mythology.

Robbie Williams
Robbie Williams  is an singer from group Take That.

Hyperion (Titan)
Hyperion is a sun in Greek mythology.

Durga
Durga is goddesses in Hinduism is a Devi, supreme goddess.

Theia
Theia is a in Greek mythology.

Themis
Theia is a in Greek mythology.

Adikara
Adikara   was an religious philosopher.

Lake Garda
Lake Garda is lake in Italy.

Award
An award isthing given to a person group people ify dothing very.

Thetis
Thetis  is a nereid  in Greek mythology.

Tirunelveli
Tirunelveli is a city located in southern Tamil Nadu, India.

Servant
A servant domestic worker isone who works forbody to helpm to runir home.

Kassandra
Kassandradra  was a person in Greek mythology.

Leda
Leda is a person in Greek mythology.

Tyndareus
Tyndareos  is a person in Greek mythology.

Telemachus
Telemachos  is a person in Greek mythology.

Antonio Vivaldi
Antonio Vivaldi  was an composer.

Agamemnon
Agamemnon was a person in Greek mythology.

Menelaus
Menelaos  was a person in Greek mythology.

Clytemnestra
Klytaimnestra  was a person in Greek mythology.

Percussion instrument
Percussion instruments are instruments which are played by shaking hitting.

Hurrians
Thes Khurritesre people who lived in around northern Mesopotamia from about 2500 BC.

Oneiroi
The Oneroi re sons Hypnos, god sleep in Greek mythology.

Malcolm X
Malcolm X was an nationalist civil rights activist.

Nereus
Nereus is a sea god in Greek mythology.

James
James  is important composer today.

Polyphemos
Polyphemos  is a Kyklops in Greek mythology.

Federated States Micronesia
Micronesia,ficially Federated States Micronesia, is an island nation located in Pacific, northeast Papua New Guinea.

Pär Lagerkvist
Pär Lagerkvist  was a man from Sweden who wrote many books.

Thanatos
Thanatos is god death in Greek mythology.

Medication
A medication means use licenced drug.

Ahimsa
Ahimsa  is a word used in Hinduism.

Kabir
Kabir  was important saints Hinduism.

Indus River
The Indus River is seven sacred rivers Hindus.

Jagannath
Jagannath is a godna.

Patanjali
Patanjali lived in century.

Calypso
Kalypso Calypso is a nymph in Greek mythology, who lives on island Ogygia.

Dialects
American U.S.

Musicory
Musicory is all about trying to understand how music works.

Ravana
Ravana was king Lanka.

Devaki
Devaki was a woman mentioned in Mahabharata.

Ayurveda
Ayurveda is an ancient medical science.

Sita
In religion Hinduism,Sita was daughter Janaka wife Rama, an avatar godnu.

Halima Sadia
Halima Sadia  was an Arab woman.

Khadijah bint Khuwaylid
Khadijah  was wife Muhammad, an Islamic prophet.

Saraswati River
Sarasvati River was major rivers Ancient India.

Ming Dynasty
The Míng Dynasty ruled China from 1368 to 1644.

Saraswati
Sarasvati is goddesses Hindus.

Holi
Holi is major festivals Hindus.

Beaminster
Beaminster is a town in Dorset,d.

Electronic music
Electronic music is music which is made with electronic equipment such as synthesizers computers.

Reggae
Reggae is a music from Jamaica.

Bebop
Bebop bop is a jazz.

Magnetic resonance imaging
A magnetic resonance imaging machine is a machine that doctors use.

Refugee camp
Whenre is a war other armed comflict in a country, many people will try to flee  from that country.

Rubber
Rubber  is common a chemical substance with ability to shrink stretch.

Argument
An argument is a reason that is side is right.

2003 invasion Iraq
The 2003 invasion Iraq  means war waged by United States, Great Britain, Australia, other countries against Iraq, to end rule Saddam Hussein.

Helmet
A helmet is a hard cushioned hat which is worn to protect a person's head.

Coonskin cap
A coonskin cap is a hat made from fur a raccoon.

Crazy Horse Memorial
The Crazy Horse Memorial is world's mountain sculpture in progress.

Dwarka
Dwarka  was a city Ancient India.

Ramayana
Thea, that is, career story Rama, is two important ancient epics India, other being Mahabharata.

Mahabharata
The Mahabharata, that is, great Bharata, is two important ancient epics India, other beinga.

Hajj
The Hajj is pilgrimage to Mecca, where Kaaba is located.The Kaaba is ae, black cube situated in "The great mosque" in Mecca.

English Civil War
A civil war is a war where two sides involved in fighting are both from same country kingdom.

Urdu
Urdu is languages spoken in subcontinent.

Franz Schubert
Franz  Schubert (b.

Cowpox
Cowpox is a disease.

Margaret Atwood
Margaretor Atwood, OC  is a writer.

Rainbow Brite
Rainbow Brite was an animated television show in United States based on a series Hallmark cards.

Chickenpox
Chickenpox  is a disease.

Tonality
Music has tonality if it uses notes a major minor scale.

Toucan
Toucan are familiy Ramphastidae, is a South bird with a huge beak, This social bird lives in flocks in lowland rainforests.

Narita
Narita  is a city in.

Elbow
The elbow is a hinge-joint between bones upper lower arm.

Wrist
The wrist is joint that links together lower arm hand.

Knee
The knee is joint that links upper lower bones leg, which are called femur tibia.

Atomicory
In chemistry physics an atomicory explains basic structure matter is.

Particle physics
Particle physics is area physics that studies makes up matter radiation.

X
X was a rock band, created in 1982 byiki.

Hymn Soviet Union
The Hymn Soviet Union is its national anthem, national song was made in 1944.

Minimalism
Minimalism is a way making Art music that uses simple ideas, sounds shapes.

Igor Stravinsky
Igor Stravinsky , June 17 1882; d.

Emilio de Villota
Emilio de Villota is a spanish driver.

TAE connector
TAE  is standard for telephone plugs sockets.

Technological singularity
The technological singularity is idea that time people will take to make breakthroughs in different areas is getting that day it will become so that no-one knows will happen.

Mew (Pokémon)
Mew  is a fictional character from Pokémon franchise.

Avignon
Avignon is a city in southce.

Marseille
Marseille is a city in southce.

Halo 2
Halo 2 is an award winning-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios published by Microsoft for its own Xbox console.

Actuary
Actuaries are people who are experts in mathematics, probability, economics, finance who figure how much money businesses should charge for making promises to pay forthing that may may not happen.

Thesaurus
Asaurus is a book synonyms .

Rumble
to tell drivers thaty must slow down stop ahead.

Bass (fish)
Bass is species  fish that areten caught for fun.

Roxette
Roxette is a pop music grouped in 1986.

Hindu scripture
Two epics ,a Mahabharata are also important Hindu scriptures.

Aum
Aum , is sacred symbol in Hinduism.

Norfolkd
Norfolkd  is a territory Australia.

Atlas (mythology)
Atlas is a in Greek mythology.

El Paso, Texas
El Paso is a city in U.S.

Ecosystem
The word ecosystem is combination animals plants, living things , non-living things , environment climate, in an area.

House Stuart
The Stuart dynasty was a series kings queens ind.

Parasitism
Parasitism is a symbiosis.

Moment silence
A moment silence is a time when people think pray without making noise.

List Hindu goddesses
Hindus believe in lots female gods.

Jawaharlal Nehru
Jawaharlal Nehru  was prime minister India.

Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Muhammad Ali Jinnah, also spelled Mohammad Mahomed Ali Jinnah)  was an Muslim.

Gregor Mendel
Gregorn Mendel  was an biologist priest.

Marschall der DDR
Marschall der DDR , was highest rank in NVA, army DDR.

Farscape
"Farscape" is a science fiction television show.

Interplanetaryet
An interplanetary internet does not exist yet.

History China
Hunting to farming.

Briefs
Briefs are a type underwear for boys men.

Kayastha
Kayastha is social groups India.

Rainbow Brite Star Stealer
"Rainbow Brite Star Stealer" is an animated movie from 1985.

Abdul Kalam
Dr.

Swarm
A swarm is a group animals.

Queen's University
Queen's University is a public university located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.

String quartet
A string quartet is a piece music for four string instruments.

Opus
Opusened op.

Amino acid
In biology biochemistry, Amino acids are seen as building blocks proteins.

Yuan Dynasty
The Dynasty ruled China from 1271 to 1368.

History India
The Paleolithic era.

The Life Times Michael K
"Life Times Michael K" is a novel written by J.

Tort
Tort law is law for harms that are not either criminal based on a contract.

Lawsuit
A lawsuit occurs when two peopleganizations ask a court judge to solve a disagreement argument.

Chamber music
Chamber music means music written for groups instruments.

Stefano Mei
Stefano Mei  was an long distance runner in several international athletics  events.

Museum in Bielsko-Biała
The Bielsko-Biała Museum has its main location in historical Bielsko Castle,d.

Circumcision
Circumcision is a medical process.

Moirae
The Moiraere three goddesses destiny in Greek mythology.

Wikisource
Wikisource – "The Free Library" – is a project by Wikimedia.

Whaling
Whaling is practice hunting whales on ocean.

Opinion
An opinion isthing a person a group people think.

School year
A school year is time year when students go to school.

Audience
An audience is a group people that go to see same thing .

Group
A group is a collection set things.

Side-scroller
A side-scrolling video game side-scroller is a video game where player goes toward side screen, either to left right, although this is different for each video game.

Eating
Eating is when a person, animal, other living thing takes in food, inder to get energy nutrients.

Bathroom
A bathroom is where people can use toilet, washir hands, take a bath, take a shower.

Shower
A shower is where a person cleans himself by using water.

Gangtok
Gangtok is capital state Sikkim, It has a population 50,000.

Transposing instrument
A transposing instrument is an instrument given number semitones above below 'concert pitch'.

Transposition (music)
Transposition transposing in music means playing writing music in a different key.

Erinyes
The Erinyes re goddesses revenge in Greek mythology.

Indian subcontinent
The subcontinent is a term mainly geographic region surrounded by: mainly Republic India,,,mir,, Tibet , Nepal, Sikkim, , Sri Lanka ,mar  etc.

Horae
The Horaere three goddesses in Greek mythology.

List people in Greek mythology
This is a list  people that are in Greek mythology.

Alkmene
Alkmene is a person in Greek mythology.

Danaë
Danaë is a person in Greek mythology.

Akrisios
Akrisios  is a person in Greek mythology.

Andromeda
Andromeda is a person in Greek mythology.

Centaur
A Centaur is a creature in Greek mythology.

Bruntál
Bruntál is a city in Czech Republic.

Concerto
A concerto is a piece music made for a solo instrument anchestra.

Concerto grosso
The Concerto Grosso is a piece music from century in whichre is a group instruments ae group instruments.

Hyundaideur
The Hyundaideur was sold in 1986.

Ape
Ape is a term that commonly refers to nonhuman hominoids, though biologists use word to include humans.

Hattingen
Hattingen an der Ruhr is a city about 60.000 people in state North Rhine-Westphalia iny.

Shart
Shart is several Bollywood Tollywood movies.

Accompaniment (music)
An accompaniment in music is music that accompanies thing else.

Basso continuo
Basso continuo is a musical accompaniment used in Baroque period.

Tropical
Tropical is a word that means "near equator".

Diwali
Diwali, also called Deepavali Dipavali, is major festivals Hindus.

Arthashastra
Arthashastra is an ancient book India.

Hanuman
Hanuman is popular gods Hindus.

Indra
Indra is important among Indo gods.

Badrinath
Badrinatha is an important pilgrimage place for Hindus.

Kanchipuram
Kanchipuram is seven holy cities Hindus.

History
The history is in written is available century.

Tropical rainforest
Tropical rainforests are rainforests with tropical animals plants.

History Saudi Arabia
History Saudi Arabia covers many thousand years with lots people from different cultures livingre.

Linga
A linga a lingam is a very complex symbol Hinduism.

United States National Guard
The US National Guard is a branchganization United States Army United States Air Force.

Bishop's Stortford
Bishop's Stortford is a town inire in south-eastd, with about 35,000 people livingre.

Raven
A raven is a, black bird.

Malnutrition
Malnutrition is when a person does not get nutritiony have to have to survive.

Carolina Parakeet
The Carolina Parakeet is an extinct species parrot.

Match Game
Match Game was a game show that ran from 1962-1999.

Fleet (ships)
A fleet is ae group ships boats.

Melanesia
Melanesia is a region islands inia.

Diaphragm
The diaphragm is a muscle that is at bottom ribcage mammals.

Germory disease
The Germory disease is aory in biology.

Labor Day
Labor Day is a US federal holiday on Monday September.

Christian cross
The cross is main symbol religion.

Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Martin Luther King, Jr.

Presidents' Day
Presidents Day is people choose to callington's Birthday - a US Federal Holiday to celebrate birth Georgeington.

Memorial Day
Memorial Day is a national holiday in United States.

Columbus Day
Columbus Day is US Federal Holiday celebrating day Columbus landed on San Salvador.

Veterans Day
Veterans Day is holiday when people who had served in military during war-time are honored.

Ralph Williams
Ralph Williams (b.

Recycling
Recycling means turning materials from trash intothing new.

Transnistria
Transnistria,ficially Pridnestrovskaia Moldavskaia Respublica, PMR  is an unrecognised country in Europe.

Mercalli intensity scale
The Mercalli intensity scale  is a scale to measure intensity earthquakes.

Dili
Dili is capital country East Timor.

Holly
Holly is a type bush with recognisable leaves.

Dysentery
Dysentery is a disease that involves severe diarrhea.

Classs
"Classs" is an animated Television show from animation company,a.

F.C. Barcelona
F.C.

NHK
NHK, Broadcasting Corporation, is's public broadcaster, PBS in United States.

Fargo, North Dakota
Fargo is ae city in state North Dakota.

Blur
Blur is a band.

Daft Punk
Daft Punk is a band fromce.

Paralympic Games
The Paralympic Games are an elite multi-sport event for athletes with a disability.

National Basketball Association
The National Basketball Association  is world's top men's professional basketball league major professional sports leagues North America.

FIFA Women's World Cup
The FIFA Women's World Cup is important competition in sport Women's football.

Nathula
Nathula is a mountain pass between Indo-occupied Kingdom Sikkim Tibet in  in Himalaya.

Klondike Gold
The Klondike Gold happened in 1890's when many peoplent to a river in Canada called Klondike who goldre become rich.

Clone High
"Clone High" is an animated comedy television show about a high school full clones famous dead people.

Chinese Civil War
The Civil War was fought from 1927 to 1949.

Nagorno-Karabakh
Nagorno-Karabakh  is an autonomous region.

Newcastle upon Tyne
Newcastle upon Tyne is a city in north-eastd.

James Read
James Christopher Read  is an actor.

English Premier League
The Premier League  is a league competition for Football clubs located at top football league system , making itd's primary football competition.

Giro d'Italia
The Giro d'Italia, Tour Italy, is a famous bicycle race held in Italy, every spring.

Rosalynn Carter
Eleanor Rosalynn Smith Carter  is wife President Jimmy Carter.

Hitopadesha
"Hitopadesa" is a collection stories.

Tiberius
Tiberius Caesar Augustus, born Tiberius Claudius Nero , was Emperor.

14
14 is a year in century.

Ray Bradbury
Ray Douglas Bradbury  is an writer.

Porpoise
Porpoises are mammals inder "Cetacea".

Cetology
Cetology is a type science.

Primatology
Primatology is a type science that is zoology, that studies primates .

Orangutan
Orangutans  are great apes that have fur with a color between red brown.

Sunlight
Sunlight is light that comes from sun.

Theism
Theism is religious belief in at least god.

Plesiosaur
Plesiosaursree, meat-eating reptiles that lived in water.

Midland, Texas
Midland is a city in state Texas.

Lists
This is a list famous people from Republic Armenia, ethnics, both.

Sardinia
Sardinia is a region in Italy.

Nuclear reactor
In nuclear reactors, fission is heat, which is water into steam.

Samobor
Samobor is a city in Zagreb county, Croatia, population 36,206 .

Frankfurt an der Oder
Frankfurt an der Oder is a city iny.

Cookds
The Cookds are a group islands in southern Pacific.

Punishment
Punishment is whenthing is done to a person  thaty do not, becausey broke a rule.

Blue Whale
The Blue Whale  is a baleen whale, biologicalder Cetacea.

Cetacea
Theder Cetacea are marine mammals that live in oceans, seas, even a few rivers around world.

Scottish Gaelic language
The language   is a sister language Manx; all three are Goidelic languages Celtic language family.

Germanic languages
Theic languages are a language family in Indo languages.

Orca
Orcas  are cetaceans.

Pac-Man
"Pac-Man" is an arcade video game that was made by Namco.

Shooting star
A shooting star is common for visible path a meteoroid as it enters atmosphere.

Pot Noodle
Pot Noodle is a type cup noodle sold in United Kingdom.

Superman (1978 movie)
"Superman" is a 1978 movie based on popular superhero comic book.

Domestic violence
Domestic violence is a word used by many people.

Emersons Green
Emersons Green is an area with lots houses, just to north Bristol, ind.

Archaeopteryx
The Archaeopteryx is a prehistoric animal from Late Jurassic.

Mosel-Saar-Ruwer
Mosel-Saar-Ruwer is a wine-growing-region in valleys rivers Moselle, Saar Ruwer near Koblenz Trier,d-Palatinate.

Snail
A snail is an animal.

Ruwer River
The Ruwer is a river iny with a length, an tributary Moselle River.

Ruwer (municipality)
Ruwer is a municipality  on River Ruwer.

Gunpowder
Gunpowder  is a mix chemical substances .

Mayor
The mayor is a person who is in charge administration a city.

Churning
The Hindu scriptures Hindu mythology tell that all above things came ocean for humanbeings.

Marthaington
Martha Dandridge Custisington  was wife Georgeington.

Abigail Adams
Abigail Smith Adams  was wife John Adams, President United States.

Martha Jefferson Randolph
Marthaington Jefferson Randolph  was daughter Thomas Jefferson his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson.

Aracaju
Aracaju is modern capital city state Sergipe in northeastern region Brazil.

A Midsummer Night's Dream
"A Midsummer Night's Dream" is a comedy, written by William Shakespeare.

Vodka
Vodka is an alcoholic drink that is usually about 40% alcohol.

Sexual reproduction
Sexual reproduction is a way reproduction animals plants.

Leprosy
Leprosy is an infectious disease.

Dolley Madison
Dolley Payne Todd Madison  was wife US President James Madison.

Elizabeth Monroe
Elizabeth Kortright Monroe  was wife James Monroe.

Celestia
Celestia is a free 3D astronomy program for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux.

Bill Cullen
Bill Cullen was an television game show host.

Rudi Carrell
Rudi Carrell  was a very showmaster.

Lung cancer
Lung cancer is malignant change growth lung tissue, is deadly cancer worldwide.

Whitchurch,ire
Whitchurch is a town in northire,d.

Panthera
"Panthera" is a genus family Felidae.

Superpower
A superpower is a country that is countries in world.

Snow Leopard
The Snow Leopard  is a feline, living in central Asia.

Yonkers, New York
Yonkers, New York is city in state New York.

Louisa Adams
Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams  was wife US President John Quincy Adams.

Angelica Van Buren
Angelica Singleton Van Buren  acted as First Lady United States.

Jane Irwin Harrison
Jane Irwin Harrison  was First Lady United States for a very brief period.

Mary Todd Lincoln
Mary Ann Todd Lincoln  was wife Abraham Lincoln, sixteenth President United States.

Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
Jacqueline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis , was wife President John F.

Missile
A missile is a projectile that can be propelled by rocket fuel at a target.

Salford
Salford is a city ind.

The Nightmare Before Christmas
"The Nightmare Before Christmas" is a 1993 stop-motion movie from director Tim Burton.

Crumple zone
Crumple zones in a car helps to reduce impact force when car crashes into a solid barrier.

Harriet Lane
Harriet Rebecca Lane , was niece James, president United States, whom never married.

Afelia
Afelia is a Greek food.

Presidentd
The Presidentd  is head state Republicd.

Normandy
Normandy is a region in northernce.

Sarah Childress Polk
Sarah Childress Polk  was wife US President James K.

Anna Harrison
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison  was wife President William Henry Harrison.

Sarah Yorke Jackson
Sarah Yorke Jackson  was daughter in law US President Andrew Jackson.

Carnivora
Theder Carnivora is a group mammals.

Fowl
Fowl are birds that are to be hunted.

Receipt
A receipt is usually a piece paper, but ins worldy can also be hard tokens.

Error
The word "error" can mean different things.

UEFA
The Union Football Associationsly called UEFA, isganization that controls football  .

Asian Football Confederation
The Football Confederationten just AFC, isganization that controls football.

Micronesia
Micronesia is an area inia.

2002 FIFA World Cup
The 2002 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in South Korea from May 31 to June 30, 2002.

CONMEBOL
CONMEBOL CSF  is governing body football in South America.

Monotreme
Monotremes are a group mammals thatder Monotremata.

FIFA Club World Cup
The FIFA Club Worldip is important competition in sport Club football.

Spermatic cord
The spermatic cord is a cord-like structure in human body that run from abdomen down to each testicle.

Mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts  is a sport where two people fight to see which is dominant.

Urarina
Urarina are Indigenous Peoples who live in Amazon Rainforest.

Sergipe
Sergipe is state in Brazil.

Soviet war in
The Soviet war in was a war fought between forces Soviet Union, Islamic tribes whore against Communist government set up by Soviets.

Emily Donelson
Emily Tennessee Donelson  was niece President United States Andrew Jackson.

Letitia Tyler
Letitia Tyler  was wife John Tyler, President United States.

Julia Gardiner Tyler
Julia Gardiner Tyler  was wife John Tyler, President United States.

Newsround
"Newsround" is a television programme for children.

Lancelot
Sir Lancelot was a character in legend King Arthur, was a Knight Round Table.

Pitcairn
The Pitcairnds are a group islands in southern Pacific.

Sun Bear
The Sun Bear  is a bear living in Southeast Asia.

Priscilla Cooper Tyler
Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper Tyler  was daughter in law John Tyler.

Eliza McCardle Johnson
Eliza McCardle Johnson  was wife Andrew Johnson, President United States.

Rosed
Rose Elizabethd  was sister Groverd, President United States.

Project Gutenberg
Project Gutenberg  was founded in 1971.

F. Scott Fitzgerald
Fitzgerald was an alcoholic, died a heart attack in 1940.

Cupertino, California
Cupertino is a town in Silicon Valley in U.S.

The A-Team
"The A-Team" was an action television series that started in 1983 ended in 1987.

Philadelphia (movie)
"Philadelphia" is a 1993 movie starring Tom Hanks Denzelington.

Forrest Gump
"Forrest Gump" is a 1994 drama movie.

Ted Kennedy
Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy  has been a Senator for U.S.

Flag Singapore
The Flag Singapore consists two horizontal halves, red above white.

Bess
Elizabeth Virginia Wallace  was wife Harry S.

Margaret Taylor
Margaret Mackall Smith Taylor , wife Zachary Taylor, President United States.

Persian Gulf
The Gulf is a geographical place.

Khalistan
Sikh Republic is a non-independent country in occupied territories Punjab ,a Himachal.

World Tradeization
The World Tradeization  is an international group many countries.

Międzyrzec Podlaski
Międzyrzec Podlaski is a city in eastd, located on Krzna rivers.

Qing Dynasty
The Qing Dynasty  was a dynasty rulers China from 1644 AD to 1912 AD.

Hypnosis
Hypnosis means puttingone  into a trance sending messages through toir brain whiley are in this semi-conscious  state.

Krusty Krab
The Krusty Krab is a fictional fast food restaurant in television series, "SpongeBobts".

M6 motorway
The M6 motorway is longest motorway in United Kingdom.

Sloth bear
The Sloth Bear  is a bear that lives in South Asia.

Inclined plane
An inclined plane is a simple machine.

Jamestown, New York
Jamestown is a city located in southwestern New York State, United States.

Lego
Lego, also called LEGO, is a type toy created made by Lego Group, a company in Denmark.

Giant Panda
The giant panda  is a type bear.

Game Boy Color
The Game Boy Color is a video game console from Nintendo company, introduced in October 1998.

Hula
Hula is a type dancing from Hawaii.

Herakles
Herakles  is a person in Greek mythology.

Steam engine
A Steam engine is an engine which uses steam power to operate.

Computer programming
Computer programming is process making a program to run on a computer console-based system.

BASIC (programming language)
"BASIC" is programming languages ever to be created.

Mayono
Mount Mayon is an active volcano located in province Albay, Philippines.

Visual Basic.NET
"Visual Basic.NET" is series Microsoft's Visual Basic series.

Temperature record past 1000 years
Many scientists others are interested in temperature record Earth.

Camping
Camping is a leisure activity where people leaveir homes spend more nightsdoors, usually to enjoy nature a different environment.

New Guinea
New Guinea is a island north Australia.

Honda
Honda is ae company from.

Camelid
Camelids are a group even-toed ungulate mammals.

Wallis Futuna
Wallis Futuna,ficially called Territory Wallis Futunads , is a group three volcanic tropical islands , Futuna, Alofi with fringing reefs, which are located in South Pacific between Fiji Samoa.

Western New Guinea
Western New Guinea isstern half island New Guinea.

Malukuds
The Malukuds  are an archipelago in Indonesia, Malay Archipelago.

Domestication
Domestication is a change that happens in wild animals plants, wheny are kept by humans for a long time.

Night Living Dead
"Night Living Dead" is a 1968 horror movie from director George A.

Russian Civil War
The Civil War was a civil war fought from 1918 to c.1921 between several groups in Russia.

Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
"Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends" is a children's cartoon that is shown on Cartoon Network.

Interpol
History.

El Niño Oscillation
El Niño Oscillation  is a term describing a natural event that occurs in Pacific.

Pressure cooker
A pressure cooker is a type pot with a very tight lid.

1710
Year 1710  was a year starting on Wednesday calendar.

Pescozada
Pescozada is a hip-hop group from El Salvador.

Rhyme
Rhyme means words that sound same similar inir endings.

Lock
A lock is a thing that keeps people from openingthing, such as a door a box.

Knob
A knob is a round handle that can be turned pulled.

The Sims 2
"The Sims 2" is a 2004 video game sequel to "The Sims".

RollerCoaster Tycoon
"RollerCoaster Tycoon"  is a series computer games where user can makeir ownme park.

Fuhua Secondary School
Fuhua Secondary School is a school in Jurong West, Singapore.

Eintrachtkfurt
Eintrachtkfurt is a sports club, known for football section.

Commonwealth Nations
The Commonwealth is a for countries whichre Empire beforey became independent.

Nuclear meltdown
A nuclear meltdown describes a special type situation, which may happen at a nuclear reactor.

Zoroaster
Zarathushtra was an ancient prophet.

Russian Empire
The Empire, also called Imperial Russia, was a country.

International Red Cross Red Crescent Movement
Theational Red Cross Red Crescent Movement is a movement to save human life health.

Cello
The cello is an instrument music.

European colonization Americas
European colonization Americas is a term which many historians use to describe colonization settlement bys in North America South America.

Doha
Doha  is capital city Qatar.

Bandar Seri
Bandar Seri is capital city Brunei.

Thimphu
Thimphu  is capital city.

Colombo
Colombo  is city Sri Lanka.

Malé
Malé  is capital city Maldives.

Islamabad
Islamabad  is Federal capital city, is located in Pothohar Plateau in northwest country.

Wall Voodoo
Wall Voodoo is a rock band from United States.

Khyber Pass
The Khyber Pass   is important pass between with; National "border" Pass .

Ground zero
Ground zero is for exact place where an explosion occurs.

Anne Rice
Anne Rice  is an author horror/fantasy books.

Motley's Crew
Motley's Crew is a comic strip that had few but very devoted followers.

Homemaker
A homemaker is a person whose main job is to take careir own family home children.

Necktie
A necktie  is an article clothing worn by men.

Joke
A joke isthing told to make people laugh.

Brother-in-law
A brother-in-law is brotherone's wife husband.

Sister-in-law
Someone's sister-in-law is wife his her brother.

Tuxedo
A tuxedo is an ensemble  clothing which includes a dress shirt, a bow tie, dress pants, a tuxedo suit jacket, dress socks, leather dress shoes,times a vest.

Experience points
Experience points are numbers used in role-playing games to determine whether to make character more enhance magic power character that player is pretending to be.

Hide
Hideto Matsumoto  was a musician.

Measure
To measurething is to give a number to property thing.

Alligator clip
Alligator clips are toothed clips on ends electric wires.

Gordon Brown
James Gordon Brown,  is Prime Minister United Kingdom is in leader Labour Party.

Chancellor Exchequer
Thecellor Exchequer is a politicalfice in United Kingdom.

Dallas Cowboys
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional Football team from Dallas, Texas area.

Duncanville, Texas
Duncanville is a city in Texas that is right next to Dallas, Texas, USA.

Koror
Koror is capital city Palau.

Palikir
Palikir is capital city Federated States Micronesia.

Atari XL
The Atari XL was a 8 bit Home Computer was introduced 1979.

Port Moresby
Port Moresby  is capital city main city Papua New Guinea.

Astana
Astana  is capital city.

National emblem
A national emblem is anficial symbol for a country.

Cessna 172
The Cessna 172 is-selling single engine airplanes in world.

United States Marine Corps
The United States Marine Corps  is 5 branches military United States in United States Department Defense.

San Antonio, Texas
San Antonio is ae city in southern Texas, USA.

The Alamo
The Alamo is an old Mission  that is located in is now San Antonio, Texas, USA.

Odessa
Odessa  is a city in southwestern Ukraine.

Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon
Lady Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon .

United States Department Defense
The United States Department Defense, also known as DoD, is a department in United States government that is in charge military United States.

United States Department Navy
The United States Department Navy was created by United States Congress on April 30, 1798.

Queen Elizabeth
There are many people called Queen Elizabeth.

Weather station
Aather station has machines that measure wind speed, wind direction, temperature, barometric pressure, humidity air aroundm.

Full cut panties
Full cut panties are underwear for women.

Atmospheric pressure
The earth is covered in a layer air.

Franz Berwald
Franz Adolf Berwald was a composer Century.

Chemnitz
Chemnitz is a city iny.

List football teams
This is a list football teams.

Small intestine
The intestine is an intestine, a many living beings.

Songwriter
A songwriter is a writer who creates songs.

Hezbollah
Hezbollah  is an Islamic politicaly paramilitaryganization.

Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, usually called Palmeiras, is a football team.

Agastya
According to Hindu mythology, Agastya was a famous sage .

International Criminal Court
Theational Criminal Court  was created on 1 July 2002.

Brahma
According to Hinduism Hindu mythology, Brahma is three major gods Hindus.

Asexual reproduction
Asexual reproduction is also known as "agamogenesis".

Brahman
Brahman is concept God in Hinduism.

International Monetary Fund
Theational Monetary Fund  is an internationalganization.

São Paulo Futebol Clube
São Paulo Futebol Clube, usually called São Paulo FC just São Paulo, is a very traditional football team from São Paulo.

World Bank Group
The World Bank Group is a group five internationalganizations.

International Court Justice
Theational Court Justice is an internationalganization.

Indian independence movement
The independence movement was a movement from 1857  until August 15, 1947, when India got independence from Raj.

Declarationment State Israel
The Declarationment State Israel is a document world history.

Parvati
According to Hinduism Hindu mythology, Parvati is wife Shiva.

Estádio Palestra Itália
Estádio Palestra Itália, also known as Parque Antártica, is football stadium Palmeiras.

1963 Pan Games
The Pan Gamesre held in 1963 in São Paulo, Brazil.

Pan Games
The Pan Games are a multi-sport event, held every four years between competitors from all nations Americas.

Campinas
Campinas  is a city in state São Paulo.

Multilingualism
Multilingualism is when a person can speak more than language.

Fall/Liberation Saigon
The Fall/Liberation Sàigòn happened on April 30, 1975.

Between Friends
Between Friends is a comic strip from Canada created by Sandra Bell-Lundy.

Patrice Lumumba
Patrice Émery Lumumba  was only elected leader Democratic Republic Congo .

Ho Chi Minh
Hồ Chí Minh  was leader  Democratic Republic Vietnam .

Vietnamese Declaration Independence
The Declaration Independence Democratic Republic Vietnam was a speech read by Ho Chi Minh on September 2, 1945, in Ba Dinh Square, Hanoi, Vietnam, which proclaims independence Democractic Republic Vietnam fromce Empire after Second World War.

Khmer Rouge
The Khmer Rouge  in romanized Khmer, French language for Red Khmer,re a Stalinist, Maoist-extremist group which took over capital Kampuchea, Phnom Penh, on April 17, 1975.

Juche
Juche is group ideas professed by North leaders Kim Il-Sung Kim Jung-Il.

Kigali
Kigali  is capital cityda.

Louis XVIce
Louis XVI  was Kingce Kingdom Navarre.

Paul Kagame
Paul Kagame  is Presidentda.

Juche Tower
The Juche Tower is a monument ing, North Korea.

Space exploration
Space exploration is a term, which describes searching space.

Vietnamese language
Vietnamese  isficial language Vietnam.

Valmiki
According to Hinduism Hindu mythology, Valmiki is a famous rishi ..

Kali
Kali is goddesses in Hinduism.

Petr Čech
Petr Čech  is a Czech football player.

Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was President Republic Turkey anti-imperialist leader Turkey until his death in 1938.

Morumbi Stadium
Morumbi Stadium Estádio do Morumbi is stadium in São Paulo, Brazil.

Bail
Bail is money given to court to guarantee thatone will go toir trial.

Soufflé
A Soufflé is a light fluffy food, made from egg whites.

Blossom
A blossom is a flower that grows on stone fruit trees other plants includinganges, cherries, plums, apples almonds .

Marmalade
Marmalade is a topping, a jam jelly, that is usually made withanges.

Thomas Hardy
Thomas Masterson Hardy  was an novelist poet.

Manhole
A manhole is a hole in a road a walkway for a person to go into, usually to fixthing underground, sewers telephone lines.

Sewer
Sewers are underground pipes to take away dirty water human waste from homes,fices many other places.

Pajamas
Pajamas  are loose clothes that peoplear whiley are sleeping.

Goodnight
Goodnight isthing people say insteadbye ify are leaving each other in evening night.

Grocery store
A grocery store  is a retail store that sells fresh fruit, vegetables, meat, packaged foods, household cleaning laundry supplies, a hygiene items .

Barter
Barter is trading thing for another without using money.

Carlisle United F.C.
Carlsile United F.C.

Baroque Pop
Baroque Pop is a style music that came in 1960s.

Leica Camera
Leica is a camera company located in Wetzlar,y.

2011
2011 is a year in century.

Tien Ca
Tiến Quân Ca, meaning "Army March" is national anthem  Vietnam.

North blizzard 2003
The Blizzard 2003, also called Presidents' Day Storm 2003, Presidents' Day Storm II, was a very snowstorm on East Coast United States Canada, which started on February 15 ended on February 18, 2003.

Import
To import means to brings into your country from another country.

Organization States
Theization States  is an internationalganization based inington, D.C.

Gustav Holst
Gustav Holst (b.

Nelson's Column
Nelson's Column is a national monument United Kingdom based in Trafalgar Square, London,d.

Cousin
In genealogy, a cousin is a relative, other than an ancestor descendant, who shares a common ancestor.

Livestock
Livestock are domestic animals that are kept by people for food, milk, leather, wool.

Breed
A breed is a domesticated subspecies an animal.

Storm
A storm means strongather, usually strong rain wind.

Hemisphere
Hemisphere means half  Earth .

Pressure
Pressure means how muchthing is pushing onthing else expressed as force per unit area.

Alligator
An Alligator is a group animals inder "Crocodilia".

Curitiba
Curitiba (pron.

Crocodilia
Theder "Crocodilia" is a group reptiles.

Biometrics
Biometrics is a field study.

Bandwidth
Bandwidth is a measure how much frequency space a spectrum is used.

Hertz
The hertz  is a unit to measure frequency.

Batman Returns
"Batman Returns" was major film produced,  film directed by Tim Burton.

Ulster Scots
Ulster Scots,times calleds, is a dialectd Scots that is spoken in northernsd.

Sara Cox
Sara Cox  is an broadcaster.

Winx Club
The Winx Club is an animated series starring six girls  who can use magic.

Jack o'lantern mushroom
The jack o'lantern mushroom is anange-red gilled mushroom that looks chanterelle emits light.

Norfolk County, Ontario
The current mayor is Dennis Travale who was elected on November 13, 2006.

Simcoe, Ontario
Simcoe is a town in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada.

Simcoe Composite School
Simcoe Composite School is a high school in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.

Liberal Party (Australia)
The Liberal Party Australia , in coalition with National Party Australia , is two main political groups in politics .

Paul Keating
Paul John Keating  was Prime Minister Australia.- Paul Keating grew up in city Sydney suburb Blacktown.

Commonwealth Independent States
The Commonwealth Independent States  is internationalganization, alliance.

Association Southeast Nations
The Association Southeast Nations  is an internationalganization.

Electric motor
An electric motor changes electrical energy into mechanical movement.

Explosive material
Explosives are two types: low explosives high explosives.

UNICEF
The United Nations Children's Fund UNICEF is an internationalganization.

German reunification
German reunification  is a term history.

Partitionsd
Prelude.

Polish Commonwealth
The Commonwealth was a federation two countries century.

Unificationy
The Unificationy is a term in history.

Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries
Theization Petroleum Exporting Countries  is an internationalganization.

Organisation for Economic Co-operation Development
Theization for Economic Co-operation Development  is an internationalganization thirty countries.

1973 oil crisis
The 1973 oil crisis started on October 17, 1973.

Organization for Security Co-operation in Europe
Organization for Security Co-operation in Europe  is an internationalganization.

Franco War
Theco War was a war betweence Prussia.

Kaohsiung City
Kaohsiung  is city main city in.

Fernando Alonso
Fernando Alonso  is a racing driver in Formula One.

Peter Crouch
Peter James Crouch is an football player.

Delhi, Ontario
Delhi is a tobacco town in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that has fewer than 5000 people.

Taipei County
Taipei County is located in northern it circles Taipei City.

Bishkek
Bishkek  is capital city.

Dushanbe
Dushanbe  is capital city, population 562,000 people .

Taiwan Strait
The Strait Formosa Strait is a 180km-wide strait between mainland China island.

Tashkent
Tashkent  is capital city.

Aşgabat
Aşgabat  is capital city.

Wedge
Adge is a piece having shape a triangle.

Crew
A crew usually is a group people that work within a commonganisation, that have activities in common.

Cargo
Cargo is people give tos whichy transport, using a ship, airplane, lorry , train spacecraft.

Ransom
If people talk about thaty money to state police, to get free, correct legal term used is usually bail.

Paraphilia
Paraphilia is a word used in sociology medicine.

Belo Horizonte
Belo Horizonte is a city, capital state Minas Gerais.

Bohemia
Bohemia is regions Czech Republic.

Rhododendron
Rhododendron is ae genus flowering plants.

Jasmine
Jasmine is a genus plants.

Yaren
Yaren is settlement on island country Nauru.

Nupedia
Nupedia was absite with encyclopedia pages.

Article (grammar)
An article is a little word that comes before a noun.

Waterfront
Waterfront is land by side a body water (E.g.

East Asia
East Asia Asia is a subregion Asia that covers about 6,640,000 km², 15% continent.

List counties Republic China
"Note":The cities Taipei Kaohsiung are managed directly by central government are not province, though counties same all aroundse cities are province.

Tbilisi
Tbilisi  is capital city Georgia, lying on banks Kura  river, at 41°43′N 44°47′E.

Robot
A robot is a machine a computer program which seems to have a life its own.

Habemus Papam
Habemus Papam refers to announcement given in Latin by Senior Cardinal Deacon when a new Pope has been chosen.

Xabi Alonso
Xabi Alonso  is a football player, plays for Liverpool F.C..

Porto Alegre
Porto Alegre is a city, capital state Riode do Sul.

Salvador
Salvador is a city, capital state Bahia.

Goiânia
Goiânia is a city, capital state Goiás.

Campode
Campode is a city.

Cuiabá
Cuiabá is a city.

Vitória (Brazil)
Vitória is a city, capital state Espírito Santo.

Fortaleza (Brazil)
Fortaleza is a city in Brazil.

São Luís (Brazil)
São Luiz is a city, capital statehão.

João Pessoa
João Pessoa is a city, capital state Paraíba.

Teresina
Teresina is a city, capital state Piauí.

Natal, Riode do Norte
Natal is a city, capital state Riode do Norte.

Rioco (Brazil)
Rioco is a city capital state Acre.

Council Europe
The Council Europe  is an internationalganization 47 member states in region.

Palmas (city)
Palmas is a city, capital statetins.

Macapá
Macapá is a city, capital state Amapá.

Belém (Brazil)
Belém is a city, capital state Pará.

Florianópolis
Florianópolis is a city, capital state Santa Catarina.

Porto Velho
Porto Velho is a city, capital state Rondônia.

Boa Vista
Boa Vista is a city, capital state Roraima.

Recife
Recife is a city, capital state Pernambuco.

Recognition
Recognition, recognize, is when humans animals familiarize surrounding objects beings as an enemy, friend, dangerous, harmless.

Cystic fibrosis
Cystic fibrosis  is a common heriditary disease that affects whole body, causing gradually worsening disability early death.

FireWire
FireWire is a way to connect things together to transfer information.

De facto
De facto is a phrase from Latin language that means "in fact" "in practice".

Househusband
A househusband is a husband that chooses to stay at home instead working at a career.

Port Dover, Ontario
Port Dover is a fishing town in Ontario, Canada.

Julius Nyerere
Julius Kambarage Nyerere , also known as Mwalimu , was Presidentia from 1964 to 1985, though he was still influential in politics until his death in 1999 because his popularity.

Interahamwe
The Interahamwe  was main militia responsible for 1994 Genocide in which about million abahutu against genocide abatutsire massacred.

Quốc Ngữ
Quốc Ngữ  isficial writing system language.

Democratic Kampuchea
Democratic Kampuchea wasficial Kampuchea from 1976 to January 1979, during Khmer Rouge Years, though international community recognized it for ten more years.

Lindsborg, Kansas
Lindsborg, Kansas is an city in state Kansas.

Pie
A pie is a type food.

Customer service
Customer service is giving labor other resources to satisfy a customer's needs.

Busan
Busan  is a major port city in South Korea is-largest city in country.

Sarcasm
Sarcasm is whenone saysthing, but meansthing else.

Lie
A lie isthing thatone says that is not true.

Germ-X
Germ-X is a brand washless hand sanitizer.

Brand
A brand is a trademark: a, symbol, logo, other item a product maker from other companiesir items.

Scratch sniff
Scratch sniff refers to paper that produces an odor when it is scratched.

Rose
A rose is a genus flowers.

Mud pie
A mud pie is a pie made mud.

Pumpkin
A pumpkin is a gourd,y are usuallyange, buty can also be white.

Ribeirão Preto
Ribeirão Preto is a city in state São Paulo.

Guarulhos
Guarulhos is a city in state São Paulo.

Santos (São Paulo)
Santos is a city in state São Paulo.

São José dos Campos
São José dos Campos is a city in state São Paulo.

São Bernardo do Campo
São Bernardo do Campo is a city in ABC Region, state São Paulo.

Santo André
Santo André is a city in ABC Region, state São Paulo.

Osasco
Osasco is a city in state São Paulo.

Sorocaba
Sorocaba is a city in state São Paulo.

Google Earth
Google Earth is a virtual globe program that wasiginally called Earth Viewer was created by Keyhole, Inc.

Google Maps
Google Maps  is a freeb mapping service application technology provided by Google that powers many map-based services including Google Mapsbsite, Google Ride Finder embedded maps on-partybsites via Google Maps API.

Google Video
Google Video is a free video sharing video search engine service from Google that allows anyone to upload video clips to Google'sb servers asll as makeir own media available free charge; videos are through Google Video Store.

Zane Lowe
Alexander Zane Reid Lowe  is a disc jockey  from Newd.

Islamic Revolution
The Islamic Revolution occurred in 1979, in Muslim country.

Tentacle
A tentacle is a body an animal that can move freely.

Javelin throw
The javelin throw is a sport.

Sea anemone
Sea anemones are animals that live in sea.

Polyp
Polyps are twos animal species.

Dravidian languages
The languages are a language family.

Medusa (animal)
A Medusa  is twos certain animals that live in water.

Hatred
Hatred is a emotion that people feel wheny do notonething very much.

East
East  was a province that existed between 1955 1971.

East-West Schism
The term East-West Schism is a term.

William IIId
William IIId  was Kingd Kingd from 13 February 1689, King Scots from 11 April 1689.

Abigail Fillmore
Abigail Powers Fillmore , was wife Millard Fillmore, President United States.

Myocardial infarction
An acute myocardial infarction, also known as a heart attack, is a heart condition where blood cannot get to heart.

Keith Richards
Keith Richards is an guitarist songwriter.

Edward Elgar
Sir Edward William Elgar (b.

Printing press
The Printing press is a machine.

Mezzo-soprano
A mezzo-soprano is a female singer whose voice is a little lower than that a soprano but not low enough to be called a contralto.

Georges Bizet
Georges Bizet was a famous French composertic period.

Old age
Old age is when a person is old near time when he she dies.

The Crystal Maze
"The Crystal Maze" was a gameshow in United Kingdom.

Decolonization
In very simple words, when a colony any country becomes independent, it is Decolonization.

History Soviet Union (1985-1991)
Dissolution Soviet Union is a term history.

Meiji Restoration
The Meiji Restoration is a term history.

European Convention on Rights
Countries, which are members Council Europe agreed on certain points written in a document.

European Court Rights
The Court Rights  hears decidesicular type complaints.

Ted Turner
Ted Turner is an businessman.

Taco Bell
Taco Bell is a chain fast-food restaurants in United States that started in 1958, certains Canada, Asia, Europe Australia.

Zagan
Żagań is a town instd.

Palatine Hill
Etymology.

Chupacabra
The chupacabra  is a cryptid said to live ins Americas.

Hydra (animal)
Hydras are simple invertebrates.

Clownfish
A clownfish is a fish.

Bruce Lee
Bruce Jun Fan Lee  was a martial artist actor.

George Martin
Sir George Martin  is a  record producer, composer musical arranger.

Brian Epstein
Brian Samuel Epstein  was an businessman from a family.

Jurong
Jurong  is a town instern side Singapore.

Plastic Ono Band
The Plastic Ono Band was a rock roll banded by Yoko Ono with husband  John Lennon.

Olsztyn
Olsztyn is a city in northeastd, on Łyna river.

Lee Iacocca
Lido Anthony "Lee" Iacocca  created Fordg in 1964.

Standard
A standard is a basis for comparison.

Ginkgo
The ginkgo is a plant.

Mean (statistics)
The is a measure from mathematics from statistics.

Detergent
A detergent is a chemical that helps people clean things.

Klausn
Klausn  is a-born artist musician, who was a friend The Beatles.

Alan White (Yes drummer)
Alan White  is a musician, known as drummer from band Yes.

Stock market
A stock market is market that people use to trade shares, which are pieces company that a person can own.

Allen Ginsberg
Irwin Allen Ginsberg  was an poet author, who was Beat Generation movement poets in 1950s.

Northwestern University
Northwestern University is a university inston, Illinois, Chicago, Illinois.

Door god
A door god is a painting pasted on a door.

Jack Kerouac
Jean-Louis Lebris de Kerouac , better known as Jack Kerouac, was an author poet.

Himno Istmeño
Himno Istmeño is anthem Panama.

Jack Neo
Jack Neo is a film director at MediaCorp, a Singapore media company.

Fyodor Dostoevsky
Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky   – February 9,1881  was a writer.

Juliat
Juliat , was wife Ulysses S.

Jane Pierce
Janes Appleton Pierce  was wifeklin Pierce, President United States.

Lucy Webb Hayes
Lucy Ware Webb Hayes  was wife Rutherford B.

Caroline Harrison
Caroline Lavinia Scott Harrison  was wife Benjamin Harrison.

Helen Herron Taft
Helen Herron "Nellie" Taft  was wife William Howard Taft, President United States.

Mary McElroy
Mary Arthur McElroy  was sister President United States, Chester A.

Frances Folsomd
Frances Clara Folsomd Preston , was wife Groverd, President United States.

Betty Ford
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford  is wife Gerald R.

Edith Roosevelt
Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt , was wife Theodore Roosevelt, President United States.

Lucretia Garfield
Lucretia Rudolph Garfield , was wife James A.

Biotechnology
Biotechnology is a technology science based on biology, especially when this is used in agriculture, food science, medicine.

Ida Saxton McKinley
Ida Saxton McKinley , was wife William McKinley, President United States.

Ellen Louise Wilson
Ellen Louise Axson Wilson  was wife Woodrow Wilson.

Edith Bolling Wilson
Edith Bolling Galt Wilson  was wife Woodrow Wilson.

Florence Harding
Florence Harding  was wife Warren G.

Lou Henry Hoover
Louise "Lou" Henry Hoover  was wife Herbert Hoover, President United States.

Eleanor Roosevelt
Annaor Roosevelt  was wifeklin D.

Mamie Eisenhower
Mamie Geneva Doud Eisenhower  was wife General Dwight D.

Lady Bird Johnson
Lady Bird Johnson, , was widow Lyndon B.

Pat Nixon
Patricia Nixon  was wife Richard Nixon, President United States.

Nancy
Nancy Davis  is widow Ronald, President United States.

Furniture
Furniture is word that means all things chairs, tables cupboards.

Rhythm
Rhythm is a word that refers to length each note in a piece music.

Necessary
Ifthing is necessary, it is very important, otherwisething will be impossible, it will not work as it should do.

Inheritance
Inheritance is practice passing on property, titles, debts, obligations whenone dies.

Consonant
All letters in alphabet are either consonants vowels.

Vowel
All letters in alphabet are either vowels consonants.

FC United
FC United are an football team.

Metronome
A metronome is a object that can be used by people who are practising instruments to helpm to play in time.

Lübeck
Lübeck is a city in Northy, in state Schleswig-Holstein.

Weimar
Weimar is a city in middley, in state Thuringa.

Augsburg
Augsburg is a city in Southy, in state Bavaria.

Münster
Münster is historical capital Westphalia belongs to now to state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Nuremberg
Nuremberg  is a city in "land" Bavaria, in Middleconia.

Military-industrial complex
The Military-Industrial Complex is relationship between military government businesses in country that make things for military.

Organization
Organization  is idea putting things together in a logicalder.

Heidelberg
Heidelberg is a city by Neckar river in south-westy in state Baden-Württemberg.

Göttingen
Göttingen is a city in northy, in state Lower Saxony.

Trevor Hemmings
Trevor Hemmings is a millionaire businessman who lives in Isle Man.

Karlsruhe
Karlsruhe is a city in south-westy, in state Baden-Württemberg.

Wuppertal
Wuppertal is a city insty, in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bielefeld
Bielefeld is a city in north-westy, in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Maastricht
Maastricht  is a city in southds.

Utrecht (city)
Utrecht is a city inds.

Groningen (city)
Groningen is a city in Northds.

Eindhoven
Eindhoven is a city in southds.

Nijmegen
Nijmegen is a city in eastds.

Leiden
Leiden is a city instds.

Apeldoorn
Apeldoorn is a city inds.

Tilburg
Tilburg is a city in southds.

Zwolle
Zwolle  is a city in eastds.

Haiphong
Haiphong  is a city in north Vietnam.

Oldenburg
Oldenburg is a city in northy, in state Lower Saxony.

Braunschweig
Braunschweig is a city in northy, in state Lower Saxony.

Kos
Kos is a Greek island, belonging toes island group in Sea.

Crete
Crete is greatest Greek islands.

Rhodes
Rhodes is a Greek island, belonging toes island group.

Tenerife
Tenerife is seven Canaryds.

Mallorca
Mallorca is greatest Balearicds.

Huế
Huế is a city a district in Central Vietnam.

Nhag
Nhag  is a city with about 350,000 inhabitants in middle south Vietnam.

Da Nang
Da Nang  is a city in central Vietnam.

Rostock
Rostock is a city in north-easty, in state Mecklenburg.

Ingolstadt
Ingolstadt is a city in state Bavaria near Munich.

Jena
Jena is a city in middley, in state Thuringia.

Paderborn
Paderborn is a city in middlesty, in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Darmstadt
Darmstadt is a city iny, in state Hesse.

Kassel
Kassel is a city iny, in state Hesse.

His Holiness
His Holiness "" isficial title to address  a leader a religion.

Cottbus
Cottbus is a city in easty, in statedenburg.

Mönchengladbach
Mönchengladbach is a city in verysty, in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Regensburg
Regensburg  is a city in southy, in east state Bavaria.

Mannheim
Mannheim is a city in south-westy, in north-west state Baden-Württemberg.

Kaiserslautern
is a city in south-westy, in stated-Palatinate.

Dordrecht
Dordrecht is a city inds, in province Southd.

's-Hertogenbosch
's-Hertogenbosch  is a municipality inds, also capital province Northt.

Razorlight
Razorlight are an Anglo indie rock band.

Gran Canaria
Gran Canaria is Canaryds intic.

Bremerhaven
Bremerhaven is a city in northy, in state Bremen.

Jamie Oliver
Jamie Oliver  is an celebrity chef.

Neuss
Neuss is a city insty, in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Oberhausen
Oberhausen is a city iny, in state North Rhine-Westphalia, in Ruhr Area.

Gießen
Gießen Giessen is a city in state Hesse.

Ludwigshafen am Rhein
Ludwigshafen on Rhine is to Mannheim city Metropolregion Rhein-Neckar.

Krefeld
Krefeld is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia, near Düsseldorf.

Zwickau
Zwickau is a city in state Saxony.

Anton Praetorius
Anton Praetorius was a religious person writer.

Hagen
Hagen is a city in Arnsbergment Region in Ruhr area in state North Rhine-Westphalia iny.

Hamm
Hamm is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Herne,y
Herne is a city, in state North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to Ruhr area.

Mülheim
Mülheim an der Ruhr is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to Ruhr area.

Solingen
Solingen is a city iny, in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Europa (moon)
Europa is ae moon planet Jupiter.

Keane
Keane are a modern rock band.

Tim Rice-Oxley
Timothy James Rice-Oxley  is pianist rock bande.

Tom Chaplin
Thomas "Tom" Oliver Chaplin  is singer rock bande.

Somewhere Only We Know
"Somewhere Only We Know" is a song by bande.

Under The Iron Sea
"Under The Iron Sea" is  album by rock bande.

List songs bye
This is a list songse.

Everybody'sging
"Everybody'sging" is single by rock bande.

Dominic Scott
Dominic "Dom" Scott {May 15, 1979) is an guitarist.

Langeoog
Langeoog  is in North Sea.

Shirt
A shirt is a cloth which is made to cover chest.

T-shirt
A T-shirt tee shirt is a shirt which has sleeves.

Sleeve
A sleeve is a piece material which covers an arm.

Taxi
A taxi  is a public transport.

Eastbourne
Eastbourne is a town in southd.

Sunburn
A sunburn is a burn that happens when skin touches sunlight for too long.

Antwerp
Antwerpen is a city in north Belgium.

Trieste
Trieste is a city in north-east Italy in region Friuli-Venezia Giulia.

Offenbach
Offenbach is a city in state Hesse.

Heilbronn
Heibronn is a city in state Baden-Württemberg.

Hildesheim
is a city in state Lower Saxony.

Pforzheim
Pforzheim is a city in state Baden-Württemberg.

Recklinghausen
Recklinghausen is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to Ruhr area.

Wolfsburg
Wolfsburg is a city in state Lower Saxony.

Bergisch Gladbach
is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Erlangen
Erlangen is a city in state Bavaria.

Gera
Gera is a city in easty, in state Thuringia.

Remscheid
Remscheid is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

TinyIRC
TinyIRC is a console basedet Relay Chat client for GNU based systems.

Undernet
Undernet is anet Relay Chat network that was made in 1992.

Advanced Micro Devices
AMD  is ae company that makes computer hardware.

Illinois Institute Technology
The Illinois Institute Technology  is a private university in Chicago, Illinois, United States.

Hermann Minkowski
Hermann Minkowski  was a mathematician.

Certificate deposit
A certificate deposit  is a way to store money at a bank credit union.

Cousins Subs
Cousins Subs is a "sub" shop that makes submarine sandwiches.

Robert Walpole
Robert Walpole, Earl Orford was born in Houghton, Norfolk on August 26 1676.

Leeuwarden
Leeuwarden is a city in northds.

Middelburg
Middelburg is a town inds capitol provinced.

Haarlem
Haarlem is a city inds capital province Northd.

Lelystad
Lelystad is a town in middleds.

Assen
Assen is a town in north-eastds.

Breda
Breda is a city in southds.

Enschede
Enschede is a city in eastds.

Amersfoort
Amersfoort is a city in middleds.

Zoetermeer
Zoetermeer is a city in Southd inds.

Almere
Almere is a city inds.

Hilversum
Hilversum is a town in Northd inds.

Roermond
Roermond is a town in province Limburg in eastds.

Venlo
Venlo is a city in very eastds.

Delft
Delft is a city in province Southd inds.

Deventer
Deventer is a city in eastds.

Ede
Ede is a town inds with 65,000 inhabitants, communal district  Ede has 107,000 inhabitants.

Freud Museum
The Freud Museum is a museum in London.

Emu
The Emu is ae bird, rare birds that cannot fly.

Kiwi
Kiwis are birds from Newd.

Dodo
The Dodo is an extinct species bird.

Tolkāppiyam
Tolkaapiyam is a book on grammar Tamil language.

Great Auk
Great Auk was ae bird, that could not fly.

Abbey Road Studios
Abbey Road Studios, usually called just "Abbey Road", are recording studios located inside EMI's headquarters in St.

Ujamaa
Ujamaa, meaning 'familyhood' is group ideas President Julius Nyerere.

Prisoner
A prisoner is a person who is arrested, spending his time in a prison.

Polypore
A polypore is a hard, brittle mushroom with pores underneath its cap.

Fachhochschule Düsseldorf
The Fachhochschule Düsseldorf is a so called Fachhochschule , that means a special college, with technical, design business subjects in Düsseldorf.

Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalysis is major psychological paradigm, that seem people byir unconsciousness besidesir consciousness.

Zaandam
Zaandam is a town district  instds, in province Northd.

Windows 3.x
Windows 3.1x was a family Microsoft Windows operating systems released from 1992 to 1994.

Woodwind instrument
A woodwind instrument is an instrument belonging to woodwind family.

Bewitched
Bewitched was a comedy television show.

Dumbo
"Dumbo" is a 1941 animated movie produced by Walt Disney released on October 23, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.

Bertolt Brecht
(born;* 10.

Beresford, South Dakota
Beresford is a city in South Dakota, a state United States America.

Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (* 22.

Heinrich Böll
Heinrich Böll  was a writer.

Anna Seghers
Anna Seghers  was a writer.

Friedrich Schiller
Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller , usually known as Friedrich Schiller'", was a poet, philosopher, historian, dramatist.

Clement Attlee
Clement Richard Attlee, Earl Attlee, KG, OM, CH, PC was born on 3 January 1883 died on 8 October 1967 was a prime minister.

Bassoon
The bassoon is lowest four main instruments woodwind family.

Octave
An octave is distance between two musical notes that have same letter.

Tinder
Tinder is a material that is fires easily when lit with a match.

Stephen Harper
Stephen Joseph Harper, born April 30, 1959, is Prime Minister Canada.

Tadpole
A tadpole polliwog is young frog that breathes lives in water.

Zeulenroda-Triebes
Zeulenroda-Triebes is a town in rural district Greiz in Thuringia.

Harry Nilsson
Harry Edward Nilsson III  was an singer songwriter, whose hitsre during late 1960s, 1970s.

Acoustic guitar
An acoustic guitar is a type musical instrument.

Flipper
A flipper is a special limb that is shaped a paddle for moving through water that aquatic animals,  such as whales seals have.

Coral fungi
Coral fungi are mushrooms that are usually shaped coral from ocean but can also be shaped forks, worms clubs.

Stone fruit
A stone fruit is a fruit withe seed inside.

Humpback whale
A humpback whale  is ae baleen whale withe, knobby flippers.

Slovak language
Slovak is language spoken in Slovakia, a country in Europe.

Electronic Arts
"Electronic Arts"  is ae company which makes computer video games all over world.

Tap (valve)
A tap, faucet, spigot isthing that a liquid gas comes.

Hymn Soviet Union (other language versions)
The Hymn Soviet Union hadficial versions in many other languages besides.

Competition
A competition contest is an event where people get together to see who is atthing.

SimCity
"SimCity" is a computer game where player has to build a city.

Doorstop
A doorstop  is a tool.

Digital Rights Management
Digital Rights Management is a way to stop people from making copies.

Cement
Cement is a brown grey material that keeps together other materials.

Brown algae
Brown algae are ae group protists.

Bacillus
Bacillus is a bacteria.

Milk powder
Milk powder is a powder made by dehydrating milk.

Vaccinium vitis-idaea
Vaccinium vitis-idaea  is a evergreen shrub that produces edible fruits.

Dehydration
Dehydration  means water inthing.

Square Enix
Square Enix is a company that makes video games manga.

Game designer
A game designer isone who designs games.

Shigeru Miyamoto
Shigeru Miyamoto  is a game designer.

Individual
Individual can be an adjective a noun.

Truck
A truck  is a vehicle.

Crown-of-thorns starfish
The Crown-of-thorns  is a type sea star.

Sea urchin
Sea urchins are invertebrates that live in sea.

Brittle star
Brittle stars are much sea stars.

Bivalve
Bivalves is a huge class mollusks.

Card
The card is a, flat paper plastic object with text figures.

Bishop
Bishop is a title for a rank in clergy a Church.

Tray
A tray is a shallow container things.

Orkneyds
The Okneyds  is a group islands.

Methodism
Methodism, Methodist movement, is a groupt denominations.

Salivary gland
The salivary glands make saliva.

Vas deferens
The vas deferens is also called ductus deferens, .

Che Guevara
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna  was a follower Karl Marx a doctor who was born in Argentina.

Whisker
A whisker is a long, thick hair around mouth animals such as cats mice, that animal uses to feel its surroundings.

Magma
In volcanology, magma is melted rock that is under ground.

Glue
Glue is a sticky material  that can stick two more things together.

Angara
The Angara is a river in Siberia, Russia, close to Jenissei.

Yenisei
The Yenisei  is a river in Siberia.

Moonspell
Moonspell is a gothic metal band from Portugal.

Siberia
Siberia is Russia that is in Asia.

Opel Corsa
The Opel Corsa is a car produced by General Motors since 1983.

Iron Maiden
Iron Maiden is an heavy metal band.

Ljubljana
Ljubljana is capital city Slovenia.

Nuku'alofa
Nuku'alofa is capital city Tonga.

General Motors
General Motors is a very car company.

Bartolomeu Dias
Bartolomeu Dias, also known as "Bartholomew Dias", was a explorer who was to sail past Cape Good Hope.

Cape Agulhas
Cape Agulhas is point in Africa which is farthest south.

Holy Emperor
Holy Emperor was title that was given to ruler a loose group places in is now calledy called Holy Empire.

Fatu Hiva
Fatu Hiva is a tropical island in Pacific.

Tampere
Tampere  is city ind.

Asikkala
Asikkala is municipalitiesd.

Lordi
Lordi is a Heavy metal band, which won Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with song "Hard Rock Hallelujah".

CD-R
A CD-R  is a compact disc that can be recorded once.

The Show
"The Show" is a movie released in 1998.

Krill
Krill are shrimp-like crustaceans that can be found in all oceans world.

Subaru
Subaru is a car company that is a company called Fuji Heavy Industries, who also makes other things buses airplanes.

Giraffe
A giraffe  is an even-toed ungulate mammal from Africa.

Giant isopod
Giant isopods are crustaceans that live at bottom ocean.

Elementary algebra
These three are main strands elementary algebra.

Kesälahti
Kesalahti  is a municipality ind.

Eckerö
Eckerö is a municipality in Ålandds,d.

Utsjoki
Utsjoki is a municipality ind.

Savitaipale
Savitaipale is a municipality in South Karelia region.

Vantaa
Vantaa  is city ind after Helsinki, Espoo Tampere.

Karstula
Karstula is a municipality in Centrald.

Dimmu Borgir
Dimmu Borgir is a black metal band founded in 1993 in Norway.

Villain
A villain is a bad person.

Sonata Arctica
Sonata Arctica is a power metal band founded in 1996 in Kemi.

Carpet
A carpet is a rectangular piece woven textile.

Digon
A digon is a shape that has two sides two corners .

Great circle
A great circle possible circle that can be drawn on a sphere, that divides surface into equal halves, called hemispheres.

John Dalton
John Dalton  was a chemist physicist.

Kauniainen
Kauniainen  is a city ind.

Nummi-Pusula
Nummi-Pusula is a municipality ind.

Medicine man
A medicine man is a traditional Native healer.

Basement
The basement is lowest room in buildings, almost always below ground.

Landfill
A landfill is a place where waste is held.

Reproductive system
A reproductive system is anganism that makesm able to sexually reproduce.

Rectum
The rectum is a gastrointestinal system.

County seat
In United States, county seat is capital a county.

Pacificds
Pacificds are islands that are in Pacific.

Large intestine
Thee intestine is last digestive system.

Joensuu
Joensuu is a city ind.

Tuupovaara
Tuupovaara was a municipality in North Karelia regiond.

Urine
Urine is liquid created by body in kidneys.

Rudolf Vrba
Rudolf 'Rudi' Vrba , was a Professor in Department Pharmacology Therapeutics at University Columbia in Canada.

Joeld
Joeld  was a Jew from Hungary.

Auschwitz concentration camp
Auschwitz concentration camp was concentration camp Naziy.

Savukoski
Savukoski  is a municipality in Provinced.

Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Friedrich Dürrenmatt  was a writer philosopher fromd.

Kampala
Kampala is capitalda.

Genoa
Genoa  is a city capital Liguria region in Italy.

Liguria
Liguria is a region a Italy.

Royal Opera House
The Royal Opera House is a famous opera house in London.

Kalahasti
Kalahasti is a place in state Andhra.

Raidas
Ravidas, also spelt as Raidas, was an saint century.

Rishi
Rishi is a word used in many Hindu scriptures.

Tiruvannamalai
Tiruvannamalai is a place in state Tamilnadu.

Vishvamitra
Vishvamitra is a rishi  ancient India.

Rabindranath Tagore
Rabindranath Tagore  was a Bengali poet from Undivided India.

Tamil people
The Tamil people are an ethnic group from South Asia.

Down syndrome
Down syndrome  is a genetic disorder.

Umberto Eco
Umberto Eco  is an writer professor for middle age history in Bologna.

Balloon
A balloon is a bag that is usually filled with gas.

Einsteinium
Einsteinium is a chemical element with atomic number 99.

Vulva
The vulva is a body female mammals .

Congruence
Numbers are equal, geometrical objects are congruent.

Deism
Deism is belief that while a higher being  exists, people should rely on logic reason not traditionsir religion.

Clevelands
Theds are a Major League Baseball team.

Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Friuli Venezia-Giulia is a region in North-east Italy on Adriatic Sea.

Udine
Udine is a province regions Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.

Günter Grass
Günter Wilhelm Grass  is a writer winner Nobel Prize in Literature.

Occitan language
The language  is ace language spoken ins southernce, Spain, Italy.

Bass (singer)
A singer who is a bass is a man with a low singing voice.

Plankton
Plankton are important in ocean's food chain.

Wake Forest University
Wake Forest University is a university located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad  , a religious figure belonging to India, was founder Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.

Pharmacology
Pharmacology is study how things have an effect on livingganisms change howy function.

Indo languages
The Indo languages are ae language family.

Gulf Mexico
The Gulf Mexico is a round sea, called a gulf.

Zaire
Zaire  Democratic Republic Congo.

Pneumonia
Pneumonia is a disease lungs respiratory system.

Encino, Los Angeles
Encino, California is a district Los Angeles.

Winter Olympic Games
Winter Olympic Games .

Woodside, California
Woodside is a town in California with a population about 5,000 people over 5,000 horses.

Pathogen
A pathogen  is a "biological agent"  that causes a disease in its Pathogenic bacteria:se are bacteria that cause disease in humans, animals even plants.

Pesticide
A pesticide is a chemical that is prevent animals  which are unwanted.

Inhalation
Inhalation is occurs when people breathe.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome
Severe acute respiratory syndrome   was an atypical pneumonia.

Ballet
Ballet is a type dance.

Lazio
Lazio Latium is a region in center Italy.

Rudolfl
Rudolf Karll  was a engineer inventor.

Niklaus Otto
Nikolaus August Otto  was a engineer.

Quito
Quito is capital city Ecuador.

Tubuai
Tubuai is islands French Polynesia.

Uralic languages
The Uralic languages are a language family.

Indo languages
The Indo languages make a subgroup Indo languages, which belong to Indo family languages.

Indo languages
The Indo languages are a language family inside Indo languages.

Slavic languages
The Slavic languages  are a language family inside Indo languages.

Siena
Siena is a city in regiony.

Padua
Padua  is an city near to Venice.

Mary
Mary Patricia is President Republicd.

Divorce
A divorce is legal end a marriage.

Writing system
A writing system is a system symbols that are language.

Cloudberry
A cloudberry is a species fruit that grows in very cold climates.

Migration
Migration is when animals leave a place which has no more food, usually because winter season.

Taking Back Sunday
Taking Back Sunday is a alternative rock band from Amityville, New York.

Scent marks
Scent marks are animals leave wheny are markingir territory.

Maputo
Maputo is capital Mozambique.

Original sin
The Original Sin refers to Adam Eve in religious book The Bible, who broke God'sder not to eat forbidden fruit becausey doubted Godre persuaded by snake to eat it.

American Airlines
American Airlines, Inc.

Romanization
Romanization Latinization refers to a system for showing letter in Latin letters.

Magical DoReMi
Magical DoReMi is a girl-oriented anime that follows adventures three elementary school girls asy help Patina turn back into a human being.

Friedrich Nietzsche
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche  was a author philosopher.

Movie screen
A movie screen isthing that a movie is played on to.

Metallica
Metallica is an thrash metal/heavy metal band.

Time bomb
A time bomb is bomb with a timer on it.

Zinedinee
Zinedine Yazide  is a football player fromce.

Babylon
Babylon was an old city in Mesopotamia .

Genetic engineering
Genetic engineering'", GE, is a branch biology.

Kim Il-Sung
Kim Il-Sung  was leader Democratic People's Republic Korea  from time it wased until his death  in 1994.

Nucleophilic substitution
A Nucleophilic substitution is a chemical reaction.

1270s
The 1270s is decade starting January 1, 1270, ending December 31, 1279.

Brasschaat
Brasschaat is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Okapi
The Okapi  is an even-toed ungulate mammal from central Africa.

Giraffidae
Giraffidae is a family mammals, inder even-toed ungulates.

Amman
Amman,times spelledn , is capital city.

Riyadh
Riyadh  is capital city Saudi Arabia.

Popular culture
Popular culture is culture enjoyed byized people.

Mental hospital
A mental hospital is a place where mentally sick people are kept until doctors are ready to placem into halfway houses, wherey are slowly.

Military camp
A military camp is a training area for soldiers who seek to join Army.

Private
A private is lowest rank Army Marines.

Spinster
A spinster is an older word for an unmarried woman.

Dick Clark
Dick Clark  is an television entertainer.

Perl
Perl is a programming language that was made to change text files.

Johannes Kepler
Johannes Kepler  was a astronomer.

Pascal
Pascal is a programming language.

Hymen
The hymen  is a membrane-like tissue that blocks vaginal opening.

Maidenhead
Maidenhead is a town ind inire.

Gräfenberg spot
The Gräfenberg spot  is an area found behind pubic bone a woman.

Skene's gland
Skene's glands  are glands in upper wall vagina.

Bartholin's gland
The Bartholin's glands are two glands found slightly below to left right opening vagina in women.

Gland
A gland is a specialgan.

Sevastopol
Sevastopol  is ae sea port city.

Aegukka
Aegukka , meaning The Patriotic Song is national anthem Democratic People's Republic Korea .

Aegukga
Aegukga , meaning The Patriotic Song is national anthem Republic Korea .

Sunni Islam
Sunni Muslims are denomination Islamic religion.

Hunting
Hunting is going to kill animals.

Tycho Brahe
, born as Tygen Brahe, , was an astronomer from Denmark who built a observatory callediborg on a place called Hven in Denmark.

Ellipse
An ellipse is a shape that looks an oval a flattened circle.

Babur
Zahiruddin Babur "Zahir-ud-din Mohammad Babur"  was an emperor froma who defeated Hindu kings many times using new technology started Mughal Empire in India.

Mantra
In Hinduism Hindu mythology, Mantra means a group words.

Fruit tree
A fruit tree is a tree that produces edible fruits to holdir seeds.

Detmold
Detmold is a town in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Arnsberg
Arnsberg is a town in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Siegen
Siegen is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Graz
Graz is city in Austria capital Styria.

Linz
Linz is a city in Austria with about 185,000 inhabitants.

Innsbruck
Innsbruck is a city in Austria with about 120,000 inhabitants.

Basel
Basel  is a city in Northd.

Lausanne
Lausanne is a city ind.

Porto
Porto is city Portugal.

Fürth
Fürth is a city in state Bavaria, next to Nuremberg .

Reutlingen
Reutlingen is a city in state Baden-Württemberg.

Salzgitter
Salzgitter is a city in state Lower Saxony, founded in 1942.

Witten
Witten is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia, in Ruhr Area has about 100,000 inhabitants.

Moers
Moers is a city in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Castrop-Rauxel
Castrop-Rauxel is a town in Ruhr area in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Ratingen
Ratingen is a town in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Gland (city)
Gland is a city ind, in canton Vaud.

All Quiet on Front
"All Quiet on Front"  is a famous book by author Erich Maria Remarque.

Can Tho
Can Tho  is a city in south Vietnam.

Vinh
Vinh  is a city in central Vietnam.

Dalat
Dalat  is a city in southern Vietnam.

Pleiku
Pleiku  is a city in Central Việt Nam.

Quảng Ngãi
Quảng Ngãi  is a city in Central Việt Nam.

Bordeaux
Bordeaux is a city in southstce neartic.

Nantes
Nantes is a city ince on coasttic.

Toulouse
Toulouse is a city in southce.

Nice
Nice is a city in southernce that can be found on coast.

Strasbourg
Strasbourg  is a city in eastce.

Montpellier
Montpellier is a city ince.

Lille
Lille is a city in northce.

Rennes
Rennes is capital cityy,ce.

Reims
Reims is a city in northce.

Orléans
Orléans is a city in middlece.

Le Havre
Le Havre is a city in northstce .

Straight edge
Straight Edge  is a lifestyle without drugs, tobacco, alcohol.

Rouen
Rouen is a city in northce.

Microprogram
A microprogram is a program that is usually put onto a computer chip.

Computational complexityory
Computational complexityory is a computer science.

Average
An average is a number that is typical a group numbers.

Fluminense Football Club
Fluminense FC is a soccer club in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Romanization
Romanization "Latinization" is process by which words languages that normally use alphabets other than Latin alphabet are letters so that people who do not knowiginal alphabet can still read sounds language.

Diaspora
Diaspora  is used  to refer to any people racial group forced made to leaveir traditional homelands, being scattered throughout others world,ir exiled community.

Limes
Limes  is a fortification at border empire.

Angers
Angers is a city instce.

Toulon
Toulon is a city in southce.

Grenoble
Grenoble is a city in south-eastce, in Alps.

Nimes
Nîmes is a city ince.

Sequence
A Sequence is when several things are put together.

Aix-en-Provence
Aix-en-Provence is a city in southce.

Amiens
Amiens is a city ince.

Le Mans
Le Mans is a commune.

Tours
Tours is a city in centrece.

Nancy
Nancy is a city in eastce in Lorraine.

Limoges
Limoges is a city ince.

Clermontd
Clermontd is a city ince.

Villeurbanne
Villeurbanne is a city ince.

Exile on Main St.
Exile On Main St.

OpenGL
"OpenGL" is a graphics API it helps a computer's 3D graphics perform better faster on a video card rather than CPU alone.

Māori
The Māori are indigenous people Newd.

Māori language
The Māori language  is language Māori anficial language Newd.

Movie criticism
Movie criticism is evaluation a movie.

McCarthyism
McCarthyism is term describing a period intense anti-Communist suspicion in United States that lasted roughly from late 1940s to mid to late 1950s.

Syphilis
Syphilis is a disease.

Gonorrhea
Gonorrhea is a disease.

Cichlid
Cichlids  are fishes from "Cichlidae" family, inder "Perciformes".

Battle Hastings
The Battle Hastings took place on October 14, 1066.

Asiatic peafowl
The Asiatic peafowl is a bird.

Reading,ire
Reading  is ae town inire in United Kingdom, home to about 145,000 people.

Dozen
A dozen is a unit measurement.

European sprat
The sprat is a fish.

The Little Mermaid
The Little Mermaid is a fairy tale written by Hans Andersen.

Hans Andersen
Hans Andersen simply HC Andersen,  was a author poet famous for his fairy tales.

Fenerbahce Sukru Saracoglu Stadium
Fenerbahce Sukru Saracoglu is a football stadium inbul in Turkey.

List airlines
__NOTOC__ Ivory Coast.

Atlantic Herring
Thetic Herring is a herring, a fish.

Pelagieds
The Pelagieds are three islands in.

Lampedusa
Lampedusa is Pelagieds.

Muscat
Muscat  is capital city Theate.

Ukrainian language
The language , transliteration: ukrajins'ka mova) is an Slavic language.

Native speaker
A native speaker isone who speaks a language as his her language mother tongue.

Guilty Gear
"Gulity Gear" is a series video games designed by artist Daisuke Ishiwatari Arc System Works, published by Sammy Studios.

Florence Nightingale
Florence Nightingale, OM , was a famous nurse.

Apocalypse Now
"Apocalypse Now" is a 1979 drama movie directed bycis Ford Coppola.

Vojvodina
The Autonomous Province Vojvodina  is two autonomous provinces in Serbia.

Penn Station
Penn Station is a train station in Philadelphia,ia.

Dan Quayle
James Danforth "Dan" Quayle  was Vice President United States, under George H.

Cincinnati, Ohio
Cincinnati, Ohio is a city in southwestern corner state Ohio near states Kentuckya.

Cable car
A cable car is a type car that runs on cables above car, cables are driven bything called a "winding house" wherere are two.

Tokusatsu
Tokusatsu is a word that means "special effects".

Snakes on ae
"Snakes on ae" ) is a 2006 movie starring Samuel L.

War in (2001–present)
The War in refers to a war waged by United States, Canada, Great Britain, Australia, other countries against Al-Qaeda.

Castrato
A castrato  was a type singer that was very popular in early days opera.

Falsetto
A falsetto voice is a special way speaking singing.

Countertenor
A countertenor is a male singer who uses a falsetto voice to sing high notes a female contralto mezzo-soprano.

Breeches role
A breeches role is a in an opera in which a woman plays role a man.

Treble (singer)
The word treble is used, especially in, to mean singing voice a boy girl.

Claque
A claque  is a group people in an opera house who deliberately either clapped loudly  shouted boo for aicular singer.

Leech
Leeches are annelids, a worm  that lives int places.

Glycoprotein
A glycoprotein is a molecule.

Cell culture
Cell culture is a way to grow cells in a laboratory.

Chemotherapy
Chemotherapy is use chemical substances to treat diseases.

Typhoid
Typhoid, also called typhoid fever, is an illness caued by bacteria Salmonella Typhi.

Cranbourne, Victoria
Cranbourne is a suburb Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

Transylvania
Transylvania is a region in countryia.

Southwest Airlines
Southwest Airlines is an airline company based in Dallas, Texas.

Cluj-Napoca
, until 1974 "Cluj", is city inia, is capital city Cluj County, in north-westernia.

Sibiu
Sibiu  is a city inia,ia.

Graphic design
Graphic design is a communication.

List modern genocides
"Genocide" means trying to destroy a group which is is similar to an ethnic group a religious group by killing its members.

Rwandan Genocide
The Genocide was killing in central nationda abatutsi asll as abahutu.

Vaquita
Vaquita  is a rare type porpoise.

Zygote
A zygote is fertilized cell that will grow into a baby animal.

Dave Jauss
Dave Jauss is current bench coach for Los Angeles Dodgers.

Cardiac arrest
A cardiac arrest  is abrupt stop normal circulation blood due to failure heart to contract effectively during systole.

Huguenot
From to century Huguenot was discribing a membert Reformed Churchce.

La Rochelle
La Rochelle is a city insternce near Bay Biscay.

Combustion
Combustion is process burning a fuel, being on fire.

Caterpillar
A caterpillar is a young butterfly moth that has just hatched its egg.

Hummingbird
Hummingbirds are birds.

Bielsko-Biała
Bielsko-Biała is a city in southd with 180,000 inhabitants on 125km2.

Idi Amin
Idi Amin Dada  was a repressive dictator countryda.

Phnom Penh
Phnom Penh  is, populous, capital city Cambodia.

Take Me Out to Ball Game
"Take Me Out to Ball Game" is a song about baseball.

Xia dynasty
Xia dynasty  is dynasty China.

South Park
South Park is an animated television comedy series about lives four boys in grade living in mountain town South Park, Colorado.

Colon
The colon is ae intestine.

Battle Ðiện Biên Phủ
The battle Ðiện Biên Phủ happened in 1954.

August Revolution
The August Revolution happened in Vietnam in August 1945.

Dictator
The word dictator despot in modern times is absolute ruler  a country, who uses force fear to keep himself his friends in authority, can effectively make laws all by himself.

Nigeria
Nigeria is a country inst Africa.

Laxoox
Laxoox is a type flatbread popular in Somalia even more so ind.

Khmer language
Khmer isficial language Cambodia.

Democratic Republic Congo
The Democratic Republic Congo is country that was known as Zaïre from 1971 to 1997.

Waterbury, Connecticut
Waterbury is a town in state Connecticut.

Blue cheese
Blue is a type cheese with a bacterium called "Penicillium" which maked patches veins it look blue.

Elektra
Elektra  is several persons in Greek mythology.

Insulin
Insulin is a hormone,made by pancreas, in body that controls glucose level in blood.

Nerve impulse
A Nerve impulse is a way two nerve cells to communicate with another.

Hare
Hares are mammalsder Lagomorpha, in same family as rabbit.

ESSEC
The ESSEC is an important school teaching business to adults ince.

National symbols
National symbols are patriotic symbols representing nations countries.

Diego Ramírezds
The Diego Ramírezds are a group islands.

Performing music from memory
Performing music from memory means knowing a piece musicll enough to be able to play sing it without written music.

Grave
A grave is wherebodything is buried aftery have died.

Polyrhythm
Polyrhythm happens when two different rhythms are played at same time in music.

Theme Hospital
"Theme Hospital" is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog EA Games.

Pontin's
Pontin's is a holiday company which was founded by Fred Pontin in 1946.

Twin Prime Conjecture
The twin prime conjecture is a mathematicalory.

Mud
Mud is a mixture soil, dirt water.

The Zutons
The Zutons are a rock band from Liverpool,d.

Dwarf planet
Dwarf planets is a group objects in space.

Nintendo Virtual Boy
The Nintendo Virtual Boy was aly-portable game console which had two screens that showed only red black graphics.

Duke University
Duke University is a private university in Durham, North Carolina, founded in 1838.

Existentialism
Existentialism is a philosophical way thinking.

King Hill
King Hill is a 30-minute animated cartoon that feature a husband, a wife, a son,ir live-in niece.

Hairdresser
A hairdresser's job is to cut, in a certain style, female hair to change its look.

Ann Landers
Esther "Eppie" Pauline Lederer, better known as Ann Landers , was an writer.

Northern bluefin tuna
The northern bluefin tuna is tunas.

Automaton
An Automaton  is a concept from mathematics.

Vending machine
A Vending machine is a automatic machine that sells food such as canned soups packaged sandwiches, snacks such as potato chips, chocolate bars, candy); hot drinks ; cold drinks ; other items such as newspapers cigarettes.

Bar
A Bar isiginally a long unbent  piece made metal.

Cape Horn
Cape Horn  is a cape.

Iceberg
An Iceberg is ae piece ice floating in water.

Circumnavigation
Circumnavigationiginally meant going aroundthing, by ship.

Thought experiment
A thought experiment is an experiment.

Breaking Benjamin
Breaking Benjamin is a hard rock band fromia.

Headlands bays
A headland is an area land, which is surrounded by water on three sides.

Drake Passage
The Drake passage is a body water.

Glacier
A glacier is ae body ice snow.

Sight-reading
Sight-reading  is ability to play music that has never seen before.

Child prodigy
A child prodigy is a child who is very smart at an early age.

Puerto
Puerto is a person from Puerto Rico aone who is desended fromone who wasiginally from Puerto Rico.

Toothbrush
The toothbrush is a tool to clean teeth.

Homeostasis
Homeostasis is when anganism allows its body to keep a stable condition.

Pulmonary embolism
A pulmonary embolism is a clot material that blocks blood from getting to lungs.

Toilet
A toilet is where people get rid bodily waste  into water where it willn be sewage system.

Stegosaurus
"Stegosaurus"  was a type plant-eating dinosaur which lived in is nowstern North America.

Psittacosis
Psittacosis is a bacterial disease that can be gotten from birds such as parrots, pigeons, parakeets.

Gregorian chant
Gregorian chant is an important religious song called "plainchant." The Catholic Church uses this music.

Executable
An executable is a computer program written by a programmer compiled by a compiler .

Windows NT
Windows NT is a series Microsoft's Windows operating systems thatre to useir new 'NT'  kernel.

File extension
A file extension is a way knowing type file it is, program it should be opened with.

Lagomorpha
Lagomorpha is a mammalder.

Lupus erythematosus
Lupus erythematosus, also called Lupus, is a disease.

Hiragana
Hiragana are writing system.

Kuomintang
Kuomintang  is a politicaly in.

Chiang Kai-shek
Chiang Kai-shek was a political leader born in Xikou on October 31, 1887.

Dark matter
We can use physics mathematics to understand how strongly gravity affectsthing if know enough about that thing, mainly how much mass it has.

Katakana
Katakana is way that words are written in.

Sanja Stijačić
Sanja Stijačić is flutist professor at Faculty Arts , University Priština in Kosovska Mitrovica, Serbia at University East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia Herzegovina.

Comb
A comb is a tool.

Perfume
Perfume is a liquid made with fragrant essential oils chemicals, that give people products a smell.

Journey (band)
Journey is an rock music band.

Bruno Brun
Bruno Brun  was clarinet player professor at Music Academy in Belgrade.

Rheinstetten
Rheinstetten is a city in south-westy, in state Baden-Württemberg.

Faculty Arts (Priština)
Faculty Arts Priština  is faculty arts University Priština in Kosovo, Serbia.

Jasmina Novokmet
Jasmina Novokmet is a conductor, professor conducting associate dean at Faculty Arts Priština.

Magna Carta
The Magna Carta was a document King Johnd was by nobles so that kings would not have as much power as before.

Catapult
A catapult is a type machine used as aapon to shoot rocks other things that would cause damage tothing else.

Minuet
A minuet is a dance which was popular in centuries ince.

Scherzo
A Scherzo is a piece music which is quite fast.

Griffin
The griffin gryphon  is a legendary creature, an animal belonging to world mythology, story telling fantasy.

Chordate
Chordata is a phylum  animals that includes vertebrates, with a notochord, with closely related invertebrates.

Sanlucar la Mayor
Sanlúcar la Mayor is a town in province Sevilla.

Pyrolysis
Pyrolysis is chemical breakdown compounds, which contain carbon, by heat.

Uri (canton)
Uri is twenty-six cantonsd.

Michael Ende
Michael Andreas Helmuth Ende  - writer.

Applet
An applet is a type program for computers.

Veneto
Veneto is a region in North-east Italy on Adriatic Sea.

Molise
Molise is a region in center Italy on Adriatic Sea.

Philippine Sea
The Philippine Sea is body water east Philippines.

Visayas
Visayas is island grouping in central Philippines.

Tuscany
Tuscany  is a region in center Italy.

Austronesian languages
The languages are a language family.

Fundamentalist Church Jesus Christ Latter Day Saints
The Fundamentalist Church Jesus Christ Latter Day Saints  is a religious group.

Scientific classification
Scientific classification biological classification is how biologists group categorise extinct living speciesganisms.

Kingdom (biology)
Kingdom is highest rank used in biological taxonomy allganisms.

Class (biology)
A class is a rank used in biological taxonomy allganisms.

Order (biology)
Ander is a rank used in biological taxonomy allganisms.

Family (biology)
A family is a rank used in biological taxonomy allganisms.

Digestion
Digestion is way that anganism changes a substance into nutrients.

Sight
Sight is senses.

Pharynx
The pharynx is a gastrointestinal system.

Jejunum
The jejunum is a section intestine between duodenum ileum.

Ileum
The ileum is last section intestine.

Cecum
The cecum is ae intestine.

Romano Prodi
Romano Prodi  is an politician leader a left-wing coalitiond "L'unione" .

2013
2013 is a year in century.

Basilicata
Basilicata is a region in south Italy.

Campania
Campania is a region south Italy.

Emilia-Romagna
Emilia-Romagna is a region in North-east Italy on Adriatic Sea.

Vasil Levsky
Vasil Levsky is a hero.

CP/M
CP/M was an Operating System for computers used in 1970s early 1980.

Sana'a
Sana'a Sanˤā' , has a population 1,747,627 , is capital city Yemen center Sana'aorate.

Astrid Lindgren
Astrid Anna Emilia Lindgren, born Astrid Ericsson,  was a famous writer.

Cantabria
Cantabria is a region in north Spain which has 563,000 people living in it.

Civil Aviation Authority
The Civil Aviation Authority , is publicly-ownedganisation in charge flying  in United Kingdom.

Apulia
Apulia is a region in south Italy on Adriatic Sea.

Belluno
Belluno  is an city.

Vicenza
Vicenza is an city.

Rovigo
Rovigo is an city.

L'Aquila
L'Aquila is an city.

Chieti
Chieti  is an city.

Pescara
Pescara is an city in Abruzzo 123,400 inhabitants.

Cryptozoology
Cryptozoology is study animals that people think might exist, but for which it cannot be completely proved.

Ankylosaurus
The Ankylosaurus  was a type dinosaur.

Matera
Matera  is an city in Basilicata 59.399 inhabitants.

Potenza
Potenza  is an city in Basilicata 70,000 inhabitants.

Kara Sea
The Kara Sea  is Arctic.

Prototheria
Prototheria is a subclass mammals.

Edvard Munch
Edvard Munch [IPA: ɛdvɒ:rt munk]  was a painter.

Sex education
Sex education is telling people about sexual intercourse.

Bedroom
The bedroom is a room in a home where people sleep.

Marche
Marche is a region in center Italy on Adriatic Sea.

Umbria
Umbria is a region in center Italy.

Valle d'Aosta
Valle d'Aosta is a region in North-west Italy.

Montc
Montc  is a mountain in Alps.

Shiite Crescent
Shiite Crescent is used as political geo-political term to descripe different countries who's majority is shia who had a strong shia minority in population.

Tibet
Tibet  is an autonomous region China in mountains in South Asia.

Air gun
An air gun is a gun which uses gas to fire a projectile instead burning gunpowder that andinary gun uses.

Carcass
A carcass is another word for a dead body.

Unit circle
In mathematics, a unit circle is a circle with a radius 1.

El Al
El Al  is airline for passenger airplanes in Israel.

Middle East Airlines
Middle East Airlines  is an airline based inon.

Blackmail
Blackmail means threatening to saything bad aboutone unless that person pays money.

Bribery
Bribery meansferingthing (e.g.

Rubella
Rubella  is a disease caused by "Rubella virus".

Psychiatry
Psychiatry is a medicine that studies, diagnoses treats mental illnesses abnormal behaviours conditions that cause problems make life difficult for people.

Stephen Colbert
Stephen Colbert is an actor comedian.

Hobsonville
Hobsonville is a suburbd, Newd.

Papatoetoe
Papatoetoe is a suburbd, Newd.

Bognor Regis Town F.C.
Bognor Regis Town F.C.

Humour
Humour  is anything that can make people laugh feel happy.

Anthony Kiedis
Anthony Kiedis  is an singer.

Treviso
Treviso is a city in Veneto, Italy with a population 81,763 people.

Charles Antony Richard Hoare
Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare (Tony Hoare C.A.R.

Johnte
Johnte is an musician.

Flea (musician)
Flea  is an bassist.

Andrey Kolmogorov
Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov   was a Soviet mathematician computer scientist.

Chad Smith
Chadwick Gaylord Smith  is a drummer in rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Hillel Slovak
Hillel Slovak  was an Israeli musician.

Jack Irons
Jack Irons  was drummer for rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Dave Navarro
Dave Navarro  is an guitarist.

Charles Babbage
Charles Babbage  was an mathematician, analytical philosopher, mechanical engineer computer scientist whoiginated idea a computer that could be programmed.

Ticket (admission)
The ticket is a piece printed paper this gives right chance to enterwhere.

Bergamo
Bergamo is a city in northern Italy.

Brescia
Brescia is a city in northern Italy.

Como
Como is a city in northern Italy.

Cremona
Cremona is a city in northern Italy.

Lecco
Lecco is a city in northern Italy.

Lodi
Lodi is a city in northern Italy.

Mantua
Mantova  is a city in northern Italy.

Pavia
Pavia is a city in northern Italy.

Sondrio
Sondrio is a city in northern Italy.

Varese
Varese is a city in northern Italy.

Perugia
Perugia is an capital city in Umbria with 157,489 inhabitants.

Terni
Terni is an city in Umbria 110.000 inhabitants.

Biologicalapon
A biologicalapon is aapon  that uses germs to hurt people.

Harper Lee
Harper Lee is a woman author.

Truman Capote
Truman Capote was an author.

Ubuntu
Ubuntu is a free operating system that uses Linux kernel.

The Second Coming (TV)
The Second Coming was a television drama shown by ITV, starring Christopher Eccleston.

Eid festival
The Eids are celebrated by Muslims all around world.

Alessandria
Alessandria  is an city in Piemonte 414.384 inhabitants.

Asti
Asti  is an city in Piemonte 74.392 people living in it.

Biella
Biella  is an city in Piemonte 45,822 inhabitants.

Cuneo
Cuneo  is an city in Piemonte 54.992 inhabitants.

Novara
Novara  is an city in Piemonte 102,630 inhabitants.

Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
Verbano-Cusio-Ossola  is an city in Piemonte 158,999 inhabitants.

Vercelli
Vercelli  is an city in Piemonte about 46,000 people livere.

Kate Moss
Katherine Moss , better known as Kate Moss, is a model.

Alesha Dixon
Aleshaette Dixon was born on 7 October 1978, in Welwyn Garden City,ire,d to an mother father.

Lake Tahoe
Lake Tahoe is a fresh water lake in Sierra Nevada.

Dull, Perth Kinross
Dull is a village located in county Perth & Kinross ind.

Thege Case Dr. Jekyll Mr. Hyde
"Thege Case Dr.

Hafez al-Assad
Hafez al-Assad   was president Syria for three decades.

Eroticism
Eroticism is quality sexual excitement.

Tarantella
Atella is a very fast dance in 6/8 time.

Flagy
The flagy  was adopted in its present in 1919.

Ancona
Ancona  is a city in province Ancona in Marche, Italy.

Fermo
Fermo  is an city in Marche.

Macerata
Macerata  is an city in Marche.

Ban
A ban is an action people from doingthing, either bad dangerous.

Neurology
Neurology is study nervous system in medicine.

Steve Irwin
Stephen Robert "Steve" Irwin  was an wildlife lover a television movie star.

Karlstad
Karlstad is a city in Värmland, Sweden.

Search seizure
Search Seizure is a thing government authorities can do.

Ruler
A ruler can also be an instrument measurement.

Mutation
In biology, a mutation is a change in genetic material .

Södermanland
Södermanland is a province Sweden.

Dalarna
Dalarna is a province in Sweden.

Hälsingland
Hälsingland is a province Sweden.

Stingray
Stingrays are a sea creature.

Sergeiinoff
Sergei Vasilievichinoff was a famous composer pianist.

Turbot
Turbot are ae type flatfish.

William Gallas
William Gallas  is a French football player .

Ruud van Nistelrooy
Ruud Van Nistelrooy  is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Dutch national football team.

Rosa Parks
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks  was an seamstress civil rights activist.

Euler's Identity
Euler's Identity,times called Euler's Equation, is a simple equation that links several important numbers in mathematics in an unexpected way.

Hideki Tojo
Hideki Tojo was a leader during World War 2.

SuSE
SUSE is a main version a Linux distribution, produced iny owned by Novell, Inc.

Laissez faire
"Laissez Faire" is a philosophy in politics.

Walter Moers
Walter Moers  is-known commercially comic book creators authors.

Dorothy M. Metcalf-Lindenburger
Dorothy M.

Worker
A worker is a person who works.

Actinium
Actinium is chemical element 89 on periodic table.

Alyson Michalka
Alyson Renae "Aly" Michalka  is an actress musician.

Phil Future
"Phil Future" is an comedy children's television series.

Brenda Song
Brenda Song  is an actress singer.

William E. Nelson
William E.

Racket
A racket  is a tool that is used in sport tennis.

Guide dog
Guide dogs are dogs blind people live onir own.

Keelung City
Keelung City  is a provincial city Province, Republic China.

Chocolate cake
A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate cocoa.

Ten Who Dared
"Ten Who Dared" is a movie made by Disney in 1960.

Imaginary unit
The imaginary unit,ula_1, is used in mathematics to pull together real number system complex number system.

Phycology
Phycology , a botany, is study algae.

Snorkeling
Snorkeling is swimming while using a tube to breathe under water.

Kelly Tarlton's Antarctic Encounter Underwater World
Kelly Tarlton's Antarctic Encounter Underwater World is an aquarium ind, Newd.

List cat breeds
This is a list cat breeds.

Grave (mass)
Grave was word that was mass before word "kilogram" was introduced.

The Smiths
The Smithsre a band from Manchester,d.

Countdown (game show)
"Countdown" is a long running game show onnel 4 currently presented by Des O'Connor Carol, buty are leaving in December 2008.

Allotheria
Allotheria is a sub class mammals that is a relative prototheriaria.

Taichung City
Taichung City  is a city located inst-central with a population over 1,000,000 people, making it city on island, after Taipei Cityiung City.

Majuro
Majuro is capital city countryallds.

South Tarawa
South Tarawa (in:o Council abr.

Bairiki
Bairiki is a village an island now South Tarawa, time is center government Kiribati.

Recording engineer
A recording engineer  is a person who operates, usually chooses sets up recording equipment.

Phil Spector
Harvey Phillip Spector  is an musician , songwriter record producer.

Fugue
A fugue is a piece music written for a certain numbers .

Jermain Defoe
Jermain Defoe is an football player.

Province Ascoli Piceno
Ascoli Piceno (It.

Ascoli Piceno
Ascoli Piceno is a town in Marche region, Italy It is capital Province Ascoli Piceno.

Recording artist
A recording artist is a singer musician who is known for making musical recordings.

Franz Beckenbauer
Franz Beckenbauer , called "The Kaiser", is a football player.

Groundhog
The Groundhog is a rodent.

Squirrel
Squirrels are a family rodents that includes marmots chipmunks.

Gestation
Gestation is carrying an embryo fetus inside a female viviparous animal, until its birth.

Shrew
A shrew is a mammal that resembles a mouse, at sight.

Marmot
Marmots are mammals, that genus "Marmota".

Human Be-In
The 'Human Be-In' was an event during afternoon evening January 14, 1967.

Suva
Suva is capital city Fiji.

Honiara
Honiara, population 49,107 , is capital city Solomondsal Province.

Port Vila
Port Vila  is capital city Vanuatu.

Tainan
Tainan City  is a city in is city after Taipei, Kaohsiung Taichung.

Chiayi City
Chiayi City  is a provincial city southwestern Province Republic China.

Example
An example (Latin "exemplum",hand "e.g".

Hsinchu City
Hsinchu City  is a provincial city Province Republic China.

Kangaroo rat
Kangaroo rats are rodents.

Hibernation
Hibernation is a time inactivity.

Pack rat
The Pack rat, which is also called Wood rat Trade rat, is a rodent several species in genus Neotoma.

Mohamed ElBaradei
Mohamed ElBaradei   is Director Generalational Atomic Energy Agency .

Bandicoot
Bandicoots are marsupials.

Lesser Bandicoot rat
The Lesser Bandicoot rat is a rodent.

Roquefort cheese
Roquefort cheese is a blue cheese which comes from southce.

Serial ATA
Serial ATA  is a way connecting a hard drive to a computer.

Legnica
Legnica is a city medium size.

Cruzeiro E.C.
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, usually called Cruzeiro EC Cruzeiro, is a football team from city Belo Horizonte, Brazil.

Flag Estonia
The flag Estonia has three colours is made three equal horizontal bands coloured blue , black, white .

Coat Arms Estonia
The coat arms Estonia is a golden shield which includes three slim, blue "leopard"s  in middle, with oak branches along side shield.

Ichthyology
Ichthyology is a science which studies fish.

Indre (Loiretique)
Indre is a city ince attic.

Apatosaurus
Apatosaurus  was a sauropod dinosaur that lived in Jurassic Period.

Hanseatic League
The Hanseatic League  was an alliance trading guilds.

Steve McClaren
Steven McClaren  is an football coach.

Condom-en-Armagnac
Condom  is a commune in southce.

Now You See It...
"Now You See It"...

Trojan horse (computing)
A trojan horse  is a special computer program.

Cognac
Cognac is an alcoholic drink.

Den Helder
Den Helder is a municipality a city inds.

Art Life
Art Life was album by band X.

Barbecue
Barbecue  is a special type grill.

Cow Belles
Cow Belles is an produced Disneynel Original Movie that was shown on March 26, 2006.

Taichung County
Taichung County  is a county in central, encompassing Taichung City.

Legacy
In historical terms, a legacy isthing that is handed down from period time to another period time.

Lulu (singer)
Marie McDonald McLaughlin Lawrie , known by her stage Lulu'", is a famous pop singer.

Catanzaro
Catanzaro  is an city in Calabria 95.099 inhabitants.

Vibo Valentia
Vibo Valentia  is an city in Calabria 33.957 inhabitants.

Reggio Calabria
Reggio Calabria  is an city in Calabria 190,127 inhabitants.

Crotone
Crotone  is an city in Calabria 60.517 inhabitants.

Cosenza
Cosenza  is an city in Calabria 72.998 inhabitants.

Common Era
Common Era is calendar system commonly adapted in world, by who wish to allow appeasement cowaring to who temporarily claim a non-belief in Christ, to number year a date.

Sheet music
The music that musicians have in frontm wheny play is printed music.

Score
The word score can have several meanings.

Radian
A radian is a unit measuring angles.

Taoyuan County
Taoyuan County  is a county, Republic China, located in northwestern island, next to Taipei County.

Tainan County
Tainan County  is a county in.

Hsinchu County
Hsinchu County  is a county in northwestern.

Sindian City
Sindian City:新店市; POJ: Sin-tiàm-chhī, historically spelled "Hsintien"  spelled "Xindian"  on signs in Taipei City, is a city in southern Taipei County, Province Republic China.

Apia
Apia, population 380,800 , is capital Samoa.

Funafuti
Funafuti is capital island nation Tuvalu.

Cantonese
Cantonese  Yue is an dialect spoken by peoplegdong, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysias Singapore, asll as places with a significant amount overseasiginating from-speakings China, such as Melbourne.

Skirt
A skirt is a piece clothing that hangs downwards from waist.

Kaohsiung County
Kaohsiung County  is a county in southern administered as Province Republic China.

Red blood cell
Red blood cells  are cells that make up blood.

Chişinău
Chişinău ,ly known asinev, is capital city industrial commercial center Moldova.

Jons Jacob Berzelius
Jöns Jakob Berzelius  was a chemist.

Antibody
Antibodies ) are special proteins.

Noel Edmonds
Noel Ernest Edmonds  is an television presenter.

Quizmania
Quizmania was a quiz television show on ITV Play.

Davina McCall
Davina Lucy Pascale McCall  is an television presenter.

Even-toed ungulate
The even-toed ungulates are mammalsder Artiodactyla.

Odd-toed ungulate
Odd-toed ungulates are mammalsder Perissodactyla.

Condor
Condors are a species bird.

Carrion
Carrion is carcass a dead animal.

Chongqing
Chongqing  is a city a district in Central China.

Bologna
Bologna is a city in Italy with about 375,000 inhabitants.

Oviedo
Oviedo is a city in North Spain.

Pieve Ligure
Pieve Ligure is an town in region Liguria in province Genoa in Italy.

Gamal Abdel Nasser
Gamal Abdel Nasser was leader revolution in 1952 The revolution turned Egypt into a republic instead a kingdom, it was reason why army got Egypt.

Stork
Storks are a family birds .

Wharf
A wharf is a permanent structure at a lake, a river, sea.

Public house
Public houses  are businesses that serve alcoholic drinks such as beer ale, to be consumed on-place.

Squaring circle
Squaring cicle is a problem geometry.

Tampa Bay Lightning
The Tampa Bay Lightning is an ice hockey team in National Hockey League .

Syd Barrett
Roger Keith "Syd" Barrett  was a famous musician.

Tapir
The Tapirs are a familiy odd-toed ungulate mammals.

Bovid
Bovids are a group even-toed ungulate mammals that hooves that split into two toes.

Cromwell current
The Cromwell current is a submarine river.

Subduction
Subduction is when two tectonic plates meet.

Icebreaker
An icebreaker is a special type ship.

Tattoo
A tattoo is a mark made by putting ink into skin.

Constructed language
An artificial constructed language  is a language that has been designed by a person group, rather than produced naturally as a culture.

Joel Engel
Joel Engel is an scientist.

Engineered languages
An Engineered language is a constructed language experiment in logic, philosophy, linguistics.

Pronghorn
The Pronghorn  is an even-toed ungulate mammal, only living member family "Antilocapridae".

Graphical User Interfaces Consoles
Computers can display information let user give commands to it using two methods: ad Line Interface  a Graphical User Interface .

Water Deer
The Water Deer  is an even-toed ungulate mammal deer family.

Orchestration
It can mean: study how to write music for anchestra.

Blockbusters
Blockbusters was a game show that aired from 1980 to 1987.

Theria
Theria is a subclass mammals that is classes: metatheria eutheria.

Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva was President Brazil.

Paraná (state)
Paraná is a state in Brazil, bordering Paraguay Argentina.

Dualce
The Dualce was an alliance made betweeny Austria-Hungary.

RCTV
Radio Caracas Television  is important television stations in Venezuela.

AIDS
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome acquired immune deficiency syndrome  is a syndrome caused by a virus called HIV.

Return to Castle Wolfenstein
"Return to Castle Wolfenstein" is a person shooter computer game made by id Software published by Activision for computers asll as PlayStation 2 Xbox game consoles.

Ssirum
Ssirûm, wrestling, has a very ancientigin.

Queensland
Queensland is a state in eastern Australia.

Babes ind (1961 movie)
Babes ind is an 1961 Disney musical movie.

Airship
Airships are vehicles in air.

New Amsterdam
New Amsterdam is Dutch gave to island after buying it from local Natives.

Universal suffrage
Universal suffrage means that every citizen is.

Bruce Dickinson
Bruce Dickinson  is a heavy metal singer.

Streaming Soundtracks
Streaming Soundtracks is a radio station that is found on internet.

Étude
Étude is French word for study.

Nocturne
A nocturne is a piece music, usually for piano, which suggests night .

Delta Air Lines
Delta Air Lines, Inc.

Vytorin
Vytorin is a clinical drug made up chemicals called ezetimibe  simvastatin  to help people with diseases that change amount fats in blood.

Blade Runner
"Blade Runner" is an important 1982 dark science fiction movie directed by Ridley Scott written by Hampton Fancher David Peoples.

Ridley Scott
He also directed an important expensive television commercial for Apple Computer called "1984".

Motörhead
Motörhead is a heavy metal band.

Celebrity
A celebrity is a person who isll known gets lots public attention, attention from other people.

Epinephrine
Epinephrine, also known as adrenaline, is a hormone in body.

February Revolution
The February Revolution  year 1917 was a revolution that ended Tsarist rule, replacing it with a Provisionalment.

Flag Russia
The flag Russia is Trikolore panslvian colors.

Russian Revolution 1917
The Revolution 1917 includes .

Neckar
The Neckar  is a 367 km long river in South-Westy, in state Baden-Württemberg.

Anaphylaxis
Anaphylaxis is a severe fast multi-system allergic reaction.

Radolfzell
Radolfzell at Bodensee is northwest a city onst bank Bodensee about 18 km fromz.

Nenzingen
Nenzingen is a city in districtz in Baden-Württemberg.

Hypertension
Hypertension, also called High blood pressure is a disease where your blood pressure is always above average.

Live Aid
Live Aid was a charity rock concert that took place in more than stadium.

Model
Model, models, modeling can mean: An abstract  approximation an object system for testing.

Script
Script could mean different types writing that isly put together.

Quantity demanded
Quantity demanded is total amounts which individuals want are able to buy.

Flag Soviet Union
Theficial flag Soviet Union was accepted in December 1922 on congress Soviets' USSR.

Coat arms Soviet Union
The coat arms Soviet Union is symbol Soviet Union.

Kornwestheim
Kornwestheim is a city in Baden-Württemberg.

Rubens Barrichelo
Rubens Gonçalves Barrichello  is a automobile sportsman Formula 1 driver.

Kimi Räikkönnen
Kimi Matias Räikkönen [ˈkimiˈræik: œnɛn]  is a automobile running driver.

Giancarlo Fisichella
Giancarlo Fisichella  is an driver drives at present in Formula One with Renault F1-Team.

Karate
Karate is an martial art which uses alls human body as aapon such as hand, fist, elbow, leg knee.Gichini, a school teacher from island Okinawa, introduced Karate to mainland in early 1900s.Unlike boxing, wrestling kick boxing, traditional karate places just as much importance on developing a persons mental strength manners as it does in developingir physical skill.

Kickboxing
Kickboxing is a descriptive term for martial arts that, while similar to boxing, use feet just hands to hit.

Robert Kubica
Robert Kubica  is a racing driver.

Bietigheim-Bissingen
Bietigheim Bissingen is a city in northern centre Baden-Württemberg iny, about north Stuttgart south Heilbronn.

Grady Sizemore
Grady Sizemore III  is an baseball player.

Joachim Sauer
Joachim Sauer  is a professor physicaloretical chemistry.

Everett,ington
Everett,ington, an All-America City, is a rich landscape choices.

Tempe, Arizona
Tempe, Arizona is an city in southwestern state Arizona.

Hoyerswerda
Hoyerswerda  is a city in north Oberlausitz, lying north east Cottbus from Dresden, .

Hamburger SV
The Hamburger Sport-Verein  is Sportsclub from Hamburg became knownicularly by its football crews.

Borussia Dortmund
Borussia Dortmund  is prominent Sportsclub Dortmund,y.

Palace Soviets
The Palace Soviets  was a building project planned by government Soviet Union.

Battle Somme
The Battle Somme happened in First World War.

Ravicherla
Ravicherla is a village in Nuzvid Mandal,na District, Andhra, India.

San Marino, California
San Marino, California is a,althy residential community in California near Los Angeles, California.

Ballade
A ballade is a medieval French verse song which tells a story.

Ballade (musical)
"This article is about instrumental ballade that was popular in century.

Signal Iduna Park
The signal Iduna park  in Dortmund is with 80.708 spectator places football stadium iny UEFA as five-star stadium was distinguished.

Allianz Arena
Thez Arena is a football stadium in north Munich,y, with plays champions League carries stadium fors Munich arena.

HSHk Arena
The HSHk Arena is a concert sports arena in Hamburg,y, which is owned used by Hamburger SV football team.

Veltins Arena
The Veltins arena  in Gelsenkirchen,y, is stadium member soccer federal league FC Schalke 04.

FC Schalke 04
The FC Gelsenkirchen Schalke 04  is a popular football club.

Michael Ballack
Michael Ballack  is a footballer is current captain national football team.

Coat Armsy
The coat armsy  is a symboly; coat arms feature an eagle.

Plauen
Plauen is cityd area in southwest Saxony.

Braunau am Inn
Braunau am Inn is a city in Innviertel region Upper Austria , north-western state Austria.

Berlin Hauptbahnhof
Berlin Hauptbahnhof is central railway station capital Berlin.

VfL Bochum
The Verein für Leibesübungen Bochum 1848  is a football Sports club in Bochum,y.

SV Werder Bremen
Werder Bremen is a football club playing in city Bremen.

Mazurka
The Mazurka is a country dance.

Bundesliga
Bundesliga is highest level play in many different sports.

Weserstadion
The Weserstadion is a stadium in Bremen,y.

Belt
A belt is a piece clothing worn around a person's waist.

Zugspitze
The Zugspitze in Bavaria,y is highest mountain iny.

British Airways
British Airways  is UK's airline.

G8
The Group Eight  is a group made up Canada,ce,y, Italy,, Russia United Kingdom United States.

Helmut Kohl
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl  is a CDU politician.

Organ (anatomy)
In biology, angan is a group tissues that work together.

Students for a Democratic Society
The Students for a Democratic Society  was a student activist movement in United States in 1960s .

Postulate
A postulate  is a statement that is agreed by everyone to be obvious correct.

Influence
Influence is a force  change that comes fromside person thing that is influenced by it.

Existence
Existence usually means "the state fact being", butre are many different views on meaning word existence, it means to exist.

Lidl
Lidl Stiftung & Co.

Asian Games
The Games are a multi-sport event, held every four years between competitors from all nations Asia.

Newton Mearns
Newton Mearns is a town near Glasgow ind.

NBA Finals
The NBA Finals is championship series National Basketball Association, played under a-of-seven playoffat.

The Openip
The Openip -ten known as Openside United Kingdomd - is oldest four major championships in men's golf.

Waltz
A Waltz  is a ballroom dance in 3/4 time.

Musk deer
Musk deer are a group even-toed ungulate mammals.

FIBA Worldip
The FIBA Worldip  is a world basketball tournament for national teams held once every four years byational Basketball Federation .

Ludwigsburg
Ludwigsburg is a about 12 km northern city in center Baden-Württemberg, Stuttgart city center.

Cooking oil
Cooking oil is clean fat from plants animals.

The Incredible Hulk
The Incredible Hulk is a popular superhero in Marvel Comics.

Pelican
Pelicans are a waterbird.

Sharpie
Sharpie is a line permanent marker pens in United States which are made by Sanford.

Francis Ford Coppola
Francis Ford Coppola  is a director producer movies.

Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair
Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair  from United Arab Emirates is chief executive publicly tradedk.

Billericay
Billericay is a town in United Kingdom.

Eastd
The Eastd is a region ind.

Regionsd
The region ind is alsodment Office Region.

Prelude
A prelude is a piece music for an instrument.

Polonaise
The polonaise is a dance.

Elector
An elector isone who can vote in an election.

Malcolm Arnold
Sir Malcolm Arnold  was an composer.

Bowser (Nintendo)
Bowser is evil Koopa that takes overroom Kingdom.

Lars Ulrich
Lars Ulrich  is drummer for heavy metal band Metallica.

Kim Possible
Kim Possible is a Disneyneliginal Emmy Award winner cartoon series about a teenage girl, same as cartoon, who has task dealing with worldwide, family, school problems every day.

Windows Live Messenger
Windows Live Messenger is an instant messenger that is-used in world.

Great Dane
The Great Dane is ae breed dog, around 2.5 ft taller at shoulder.

Linkin Park
Linkin Park is an rock band from Aguora Hills, California.

Bissau
Bissau is capital city Guinea-Bissau.

1130s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s - 1130s - 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s 1180s Years: 1130 1131 1132 1133 1134 1135 1136 1137 1138 1139 .

1120s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1070s 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s - 1120s - 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s Years: 1120 1121 1122 1123 1124 1125 1126 1127 1128 1129 .

1699
1699 is a year in century.

Bamberg
Bamberg is a town in region Upperconia, Bavaria seat district administration Bamberg.

Diving
Diving is a movement downwards, either from air to ground to water.

K.I.S.S.
K.I.S.S.

Celle
Celle is a town in Lower Saxony,y.

Aurich
Aurich is a city in Lower Saxony,y.

Cloppenburg
Cloppenburg is a town in Lower Saxony,y, capital Cloppenburg District.

Pulsar
Pulsars are neutron stars that turn quickly produce electromagnetic radiation that can be received in radio waves.

Julius Caesar (play)
"Julius Caesar" is a play written by William Shakespeare.

Twisted Sister
Twisted Sisterre an glam rock band.

1630
1630 is a year in century.

Paul Biya
Paul Biya is President Cameroon.

International Olympic Committee
Theational Olympic Committee is anganization based inne,d, created by Pierre de Coubertin Demetrios Vikelas on June 23 1894 to reinstate Ancient Olympic Games held in Greece between 776 BC to 396 AD.

Confederation Football
The Confederation Footballten just CAF, isganization that controls football.

Oceania Football Confederation
Theia Football Confederationten just OFC, isganization that controlsia football  .

Ludwigsburg Rural District
The district Ludwigsburg  is a district in Baden-Württemberg.

1260s
The 1260s is a decade.

Dessau
Dessau is a town in Saxony-Anhalt iny.

Weissenfels
Weißenfels was capital city old Weißenfels Rural District in Saxony-Anhalt,y, until district changes 2007.

United States Constitution
The United States Constitution is highest law United States America.

Space-time continuum
The space-time continuum is a mathematical model that combines space time into a single construct.

Scottish Socialist Party
The Socialist Party is a politicaly which wased in 1998.

Esztergom
Esztergom is a city in Hungary, 45 kilometers north Budapest.

Public transport
Public transport is a way for public  to travel around.

Edmund Barton
Sir Edmund Barton  was Prime Minister Australia.

Crofton, Columbia
Crofton is a town on Vancouverd, in Columbia, Canada.

Zabno
Zabno  is a town ind.

Western Australia
Western Australia is six states Australia.

South Australia
South Australia is six states Australia.

Richard Roeper
Richard Roeper is a television personality.

Alfred Deakin
Alfred William Deakin  was Prime Minister Australia.

Chris Watson
John Watson (c.

Archie Comics
Archie Comics is a comic book company in United States.

Zak Starkey
Zak Starkey  is son Beatles drummer Ringo Starr.

Heroin
Heroin  is a natural opioid.

Pittsburgh,ia
Pittsburgh is a city in stateia.

Nasal bone
The nasal bones are two oblong bones located in human skull.

Kapellmeister
Kapellmeister, , is a word which means a musician who is in charge music-making.

Kingdomd
The Kingdomd was a country in Europe.

Romansh language
Romansh  isd's four national languages.

Protractor
A protractor is a tool angles in degrees.

Rabbi
Rabbi  in Judaism signifies "professor, master" literally "grand".

Gentile
A Gentile is a person who is not.

Super Mario Galaxy
Super Mario Galaxy is a video game by Nintendo.

The Legend Zelda (series)
"The Legend Zelda" is a popular series  video games.

3rd century
The century is century from 201 to 300.

2nd century
The century is century from 101 to 200.

Wal-Mart
Wal-Mart  is a company created by Sam Walton in 1962.

Sam Walton
Samuel Moore Walton is an United States businessman.

New York Stockge
The New York Stockge , also called "Big Board," is a stock exchange in New York City.

Stock exchange
A stock exchange, share market bourse is a place where people meet to buy sell shares company stock.

Bombay Stockge
The Bombay Stockge is a stock exchange in Dalal Street, Mumbai, India.

Thomas Stamford Raffles
Sir Thomas Stamford Bingley Raffles  was founder city Singapore, is famous Britons who expanded Empire.

Euronext
Euronext is a stock exchange in Europe, located in places such as Belgium,ce,ds, Portugal United Kingdom.

Hippopotamidae
Hippopotamuses are a group even-toed ungulate mammals.

Hiroshi Yamauchi
Hiroshi Yamauchi  was president Nintendo from 1949 until he quit on May 31, 2002.

ExxonMobil
Exxon Mobil ExxonMobil  is world's oil gas company.

Paul Allen
Paul Gardner Allen  is an who created Microsoft with Bill Gates.

Hero
A hero  in Greek mythology was a half-god otherwise human.

Sonic Rivals
Sonic Rivals is a video game for PlayStation Portable that came on November 24, 2006.

Sega Mega Drive
The, called Sega Genesis in North America is a 16-bit video game console made by Sega.

Sega Dreamcast
Sega Dreamcast  is last machine made by Sega that can play video games.

Platte River
The Platte River  is a river in United States that flows into Missouri River.

Counting
Counting isthing people do to find how many thingsre are any.

Launch pad
The launch pad is where rockets spacecraft are placed untily is ready to blastf.

Space Shuttle
The Space Shuttle is a spacecraft used by United States' NASAganization.

Thor
Thor is red-haired bearded god thunder in Norse mythology.

Windsurfing
Windsurfing is a water sport.

Thoroughbred
Thoroughbred is a type horse.

Sound card
A sound card  is Computer hardware that controls inputput sound signals.

Charlie Chaplin
Charlie Chaplin  was a famous actor movie maker.

American Stockge
The Stockge  is a stock exchange in New York City.

Field hockey
Field Hockey is all-liked sport for both men women.

Sudoku
 is a puzzle that is very popular in.

Beatrixds
Queen Beatrix is Queends.

Qatar Airways
Qatar Airways  is in airline company.

George Reid
Sir George Houston Reid  was Prime Minister Australia.

VfB Stuttgart
VfB Stuttgart is a football club iny.

Spider Riders
Spider Riders is a anime television series.

Boudica
Boudica known bys as Boudicea  was queen Iceni people ind.

Choir
A choir is a group people who sing together.

Motherboard
The motherboard mainboard is main circuit board in a complex electronic system, a computer.

Space raiders
Space Raiders are a brand crisps .

High-definition television
High-definition television  is a new television broadcasting system which uses a higher resolution than a normal television.

Napoleon Dynamite
Napoleon Dynamite is a comedy movie made in 2004 by John Hess starring Jon Heder.

Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron is a South actress.

Running
Running is a sport known to be for health; it not only helps breathing heartbeat but it is also exercise because it burns any spare calories.

Monster (movie)
Monster is a dramatic thriller movie.

Guard dog
Certain types dogs are ownersir owners safe from danger.

Andrewer
Andrewer  was Prime Minister Australia.

David Schwimmer
David Schwimmer  is an actor who played Ross Geller, six main characters in television sitcom "Friends".

Plutonium
Plutonium is a chemical element.

Superman Returns (video game)
Superman Returns is a video game based on movie Returns.

Malay
Malay is a group humans that usually live in Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei Darussalam.

Al Jazeera
Al Jazeera , meaning "Thed" is an Arabic-language television channel based in Doha, Qatar.

Boron
Boron is a chemical element.

Fireplace
A fireplace is a brick metal structure a fire.

Dubnium
Dubnium is a chemical element.

Upland, California
Upland, California is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Neuchâtel
Neuchâtel is a city ind.

The Silence Lambs
"The Silence Lambs" is a movie directed by Demme starring Jodie Foster Anthony Hopkins.

Gifhorn (district)
Gifhorn is a Landkreis  iny in state Lower Saxony.

Georged
Georged was an actor.

Legion Net. Heroes
The Legion Net.

Othello
"The Tragedy Othello, Moor Venice" is a sad play, known as a tragedy, written by William Shakespeare around 1603.

Commonwealth Games
The Commonwealth Games is a multinational, multi-sport event.

Doncaster
Doncaster is a verye town in Northd.

Aly & AJ
Aly & AJ are an music group.

Middlesbrough
Middlesbrough is ae town inire in north eastd.

Argentine National Anthem
The lyrics Himno Nacional Argentino re written by Vicente López yes, music was composed by Blas Parera.

Emily Dickinson
Emily Dickinson,ten misspelled Emily Dickenson (b.

Indianapolis 500
The Indy 500 is an auto race held inapolis,a.

Mahout
A mahout is a person who drives an elephant.

John Wesley
John Wesley  was founders Methodist church.

Joseph Cook
Sir Joseph Cook  was Prime Minister Australia from June 1913 until September 1914.

Anti-hero
An Anti-hero is a person who is not a hero, but not a villain.

Hestia
Hestia is Greek goddess hearth.

Alison Balsom
Alison Balsom  is an trumpeter.

Continuity
Continuity is a word used when talking about art, especially "serial art".

Håkan Hardenberger
Håkan Hardenberger  is a trumpeter.

Skink
Skinks are a group lizard.

Geronimo Stilton (character)
Geronimo is a character in "Geronimo Stilton" series.

Dionysus
Dionysus Dionysos Dionysius is Greek god wine.

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a chronic, progressive, almost always fatal neurological disease.

Fields Medal
The Fields Medal is a prize given to two, three, four people who study math who are not over 40 years age at eachational Congressational Mathematical Union, a meeting that takes place every four years.

Laugh
A laugh is a way showing happiness.

UHF
UHF is a movie starring Weird Al Yankovic.

Hi-5
Hi-5 is an television show for children that started in 1999.

Beaver
A beaver is a rodent.

Bladder
The bladder is angan in human body.

Time travel
Time travel is a fictional  activity going back in time to past future.

Disciple
A disciple is a student a follower teacher, for example, it isten a disciple Jesus Christ, whoms believe to be son God.

Dock
A dock is a place above water on shore where boats can be tied.

They Might Bets
They Might Bets are an alternative rock band that live in Brooklyn, New York.

Solomon
Solomon was a King Israel, son King David Israel.

Proverb
A proverb is a wise saying.

Santiago, Chile
"Santiago, Chile"  is capital Chile city in country.

Psalms
Psalms is a book 150 Hebrew poems in Old Testament.

Television programme
A television programme  isthing that people watch on television.

Fatwa
A fatwa , is a legal pronouncement in Islam.

Reginald Fils-Aime
Reginald Fils-Aime  is president Nintendo America.

Billy Hughes
William Morris "Billy" Hughes  was Prime Minister Australia.

Maid
Maid was female companionlaw Robin Hood.

Graphite
Graphite, diamond, is an allotrope carbon.

Allotrope
An allotrope is another an element, element is very similar but structure atom affects chemical physical properties.

Covalent bond
Covalent bonds are chemical bonds between two non-metals, for example water .

Ionic bond
An ionic bond is bonding between a non-metal a metal that occurs when charged atoms  attract after loses more its electrons, for example sodium chloride.

Chloride
Chloride is a chemical element.

Bauhaus
Bauhaus is common term for Staatliches Bauhaus, an art architecture school iny that operated from 1919 to 1933 iny in United States from 1937-1938.

Intelligence
Intelligence is a property mind.

Nuevo Leon
Nuevo Leon is a state at Northeast Mexico South Texas.

Halle
Halle  is town ind Saxony-Anhalt.

Saale
Saale is two rivers iny: Saale in Thuringia Saxony-Anhalt  Saale in Bavaria .

Go
Go is a game with playing cards.

Chicago White Sox
The Chicago White Sox are a Major League Baseball team who play on South Side Chicago, Illinois.

Pollination
Pollination is process in which plants make fruit to reproduce.

Gull
Gulls, also called seagulls, are birds.

The Warriors (movie)
"The Warriors" is a 1979 movie directed by Walter Hill.

Coneyd
Coneyd is a famous area in Brooklyn, New York.

Ferris wheel
Ferris wheels  aree, round, revolving structures with gondolas where people sit.

Cave
A cave is a natural underground hollow space that is completely dark.

Four-horned Antelope
The four-horned antelope  is a bovine even-toed ungulate.

News Privateers
The News Privateers college sports teams for University News .

Stanley Bruce
Stanley Melbourne Bruce  was Prime Minister Australia from February 1923 until October 1929.

James Scullin
James Henry Scullin  was ninth Prime Minister Australia from October 1929 until January 1932.

World beat music
World beat music is a type music.

Caprinae
Caprinae is a subfamily even-toed ungulate family Bovidae.

Domestic goat
The domestic goat  is a domesticated mammal.

Domestic sheep
A domestic sheep  is a wooly four legged animal.

Capra (genus)
Capra is a genus subfamily Caprinae family Bovidae.

Richard Sharpe
Major Richard Sharpe is a fictional character.

Protest
A protest is when a lot people come together to show others thaty strongly are against an idea event.

Roskilde
Roskilde was capital Denmark until 1443.

Hong Kong Stockge
Hong Kong Stockge  is a stock exchange in Hong Kong.

Aarhus
Aarhus is city in Denmark.

Odense
Odense is city in Denmark with about 146,000 inhabitants capital island Funen .

Aalborg
Aalborg is a city in Denmark.

Esbjerg
Esbjerg is a city in Denmark, on peninsulad.

Dirham
Historically, word "dirham" is comes from 'dirhem' which comes from a Greek coin, Drachm;tine Empire controlledt traded with Arabia, circulating coinre in pre-Islamic times afterward.

Desperate Housewives
"Desperate Housewives" is a television series in United States.

Ballroom dance
Ballroom dance is a dance done inners, usually woman man.

Wormhole
A wormhole is acut through time space.

Free kick
A free kick is a kick team because a foul, which is committed by another player.

Corner kick
A corner kick is a kick team forir opportunity to shoot at goal in soccer.It happens when ball has comef a player at his her own goal.

Referee
A referee is anficial who watches a whole game sports makes all decisions, referee is always right if any player arguesy can get a yellow card even sentf with a red card.

Cataract
Cataracts appear in eyes,y cause-sightness , which means you cannot see things in distance but can see things up close.

Goal kick
A goal kick is awarded when attacking team puts ball over end line in football .

The Wiggles
The Wiggles is an-based children’s music group.

Throw-in
A throw-in in football  is when ball has comef opposite team, other team picks that ball up throws it in game continues.

Patch
A patch is a piece a flexible material an object that has a hole in it, to protect an object from damage even before it is damaged, to decorate clothing other fabric items.

Savanna
The word savanna comes from term for plains.

Peasant
A peasant is a for a person that never had much money.

Mary, Crown Princess Denmark
Mary Donaldson, Crown Princess Denmark was born on 5 February 1972 in Hobart,ia.

Secondary school
Secondary school is next step up from primary school.

Cushion
A cushion is a soft bag material, filled with wool, hair, feathers, even paper in pieces.

Choice
A choice is act making a decision.

Lutheranism
Lutheranism is a denomination within religion.

Joseph Lyons
Joseph Aloysius Lyons  was Prime Minister Australia.

Plow
A plow plough is a simple machine used in farming.

Maglev train
Maglev trains are a very fast type train.

Grandchildren
Someone's grandchildren are children his her children.

Lace
Lace is a fabric, patterned with open holes in work, made by machine by hand.

Career
A career is a job with opportunity for promotion within company corporation.

Madeline
"Madeline" is a popular children’s book series.

Professional
A professional isone who has a job for whichy need a college university education.

Apartment
An apartment  is urban housing for young people who close toir chosen professional career.

Blouse
A blouse is female version dress shirt.

Pocket
A pocket is a bag which is an item clothing, reached through an opening in clothing.

Dress shirt
A dress shirt is a shirt worn by men with a necktie inder to have a professional appeal to look dignified in a crowd.

Suit tie
A suit tie is an ensemble  clothing which includes a dress shirt, a necktie, dress pants, a suit jacket , dress socks, leather dress shoes,times a vest.

Gilmore Girls
The Gilmore Girls was an television series.

Nasal cavity
The Nasal cavity is inside your nose.

Daniel Radcliffe
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe is a actor.

Juice
Juice is a liquid that comes from plants, animals fruit.

Subtropical cyclone
A subtropical cyclone  is a cyclonicather storm.

Morning
Morning is time day from 12:00 AM to 12 PM.

Disinfectant
Disinfectant is a liquid kill unwanted germs parasites.

Strength
There are many types strength but main strengths are listed below.

Floor
A floor is a horizontal surface inside a building.

Okinawa
Okinawa is for islands in far south.

Only Fools Horses
Only Fools Horses was a comedy television programme.

Ateneo de Manila University
The Ateneo de Manila University  is a private university run by Society Jesus in Philippines.

Jerry Seinfeld
Jerry Seinfeld  is am comedian actor.

Subtropical Storm Nicole (2004)
Subtropical Storm Nicole was tropical subtropical cyclone,d storm, subtropical storm 2004tic hurricane season.

Cyanide
Cyanides are chemicals that contain "cyano-group".

Kindergarten
Kindergarten, literally meaning "children's garden", is stage in move from home toal schooling.

2006tic hurricane season
The 2006tic hurricane season was a annual event in yearly cycle tropical cyclones.

Crash Bandicoot (character)
Crash Bandicoot is a fictional character from videogame series with same, where he is hero.

Elblag
Elblag  is a city in northd.

500 Seriessen
The 500 Seriessen are currently fastest trains onsen network.

Balaton
Balaton is lake in Hungary.

Ceres (dwarf planet)
Ceres , also known as 1 Ceres, is dwarf planet in Solar System only in main asteroid belt.

Aquarium
An aquarium  is a place where fish other animals that live in water are kept by humans.

Earle Page
Sir Earle Christmas Grafton Page  was Prime Minister Australia.

Ronin
Ronin  is word a samurai without a master.

İsmet Özel
İsmet Özel is a poet.

Acarology
Acarology  is study mites ticks.

Fredrik Reinfeldt
John Fredrik Reinfeldt  is Prime Minister Sweden.

Coat Arms Russia
The coat arms Russia  was used since year 1993 as coat arms Russia.

Brother Bear
"Brother Bear" is a Disney animated movie from 2003.

Logical volume management
Logical volume management is a method allocating computer storage.

Metallica (album)
Metallica  is Metallica's album, selling over 14 million copies worldwide.

Rainbow Trout
A rainbow trout is a species  fish.

Fat-tailed Gerbil
The Fat-tailed Gerbil is a species gerbil.

Dragon Ball
"Dragon Ball" "" is a Manga Anime by Akira Toriyama.

Flowers foron
"Flowers foron" is a book written by Daniel Keyes in 1960.

Steatite
Steatite soapstone is a metamorphic rock.

Treaty Tordesillas
The Treaty Tordesillas was a treaty between Portugal Spain in 1494 wherey up all land on Earthside Europe between twom, no matter who was already livingre.

Mr. Magoo
Mr.

Jam
Jam is a condiment.

Neiße
The word Neisse Neiße  Nysa  is three rivers city.

Old
Old is opposite new.

Penalty kick
A Penalty kick  is a type free kick in soccer.

Vanilla
Vanilla is a flavoring.

Pepper
Peppers are plants, butre are many unrelated genera .

Glatzer Neisse
The Glatzer Neiße  is a river that flows into Oder river from left.

Oder River
The Oder River  is a 866 km-long river, which flows through Czech republic,dy, into Baltic Sea.

Robertn
Robertn (b.

Lecture
A lecture is whenone talks to a group people aboutthing interesting.

Moselle
Moselle is a "département" in eastced after Moselle River.

Claran
Claran , was wife composer Robertn.

Four Noble Truths
The Four Noble Truths are a Buddhist teaching.

Composition
The word "composition" is used in literature, drama poetry means way that words are put together.

Composition (music)
In music word composition can be used in two ways.

Theory relativity
The Theory Relativity was created by Galileo Galilei in 1600s.

Cyclone Steve
Tropical Cyclone Steve was a tropical cyclone that affected northern Australia from February 27, 2000 until March 11, 2000.

BIOS
BIOS, in computing, stands for Basic Input/Output System also incorrectly known as Basic Integrated Operating System.

Anna Politkovskaya
Annaovna Politkovskaya  was a journalist.

Bengali language
Bengali is a language from South Asia.

Peso
The peso is money used in many countries.

Robert Menzies
Sir Robert Gordon Menzies  was Prime Minister Australia.

Pauline Fowler
Pauline Fowler was a character in "EastEnders".

Will Young
Will Young  is an singer actor.

Concentration
In chemistry, concentration is how much a substance is mixed with another substance.

Nightshade
Theades  is a family plants.

Woodworking
Woodworking is a skill.

Anaesthesia
Anaestesia  is when a doctor can block pain, alter how people feel pain.

Chessmaster
Chessmaster aka  is a gaming program made by Ubisoft.

Francis Assisi
Saintcis Assisi  is a Saint.

Printing
Printing is putting words images on paper, time using ink.

Adelaide Cup
The Adelaide Cup is a horserace, held in Adelaide, South Australia.

David Lynch
David Lynch  is an independent film director.

The Dark Side Moon
"The Dark Side Of The Moon" is a famous album by band Pink Floyd.

Arthur Fadden
Sir Arthur William Fadden  was Prime Minister Australia.

John Curtin
John Joseph Curtin  was Prime Minister Australia.

Australian Capital Territory
The Capital Territory "ACT" is a territory in Australia.

Governor-General Australia
Theor-General Australia is representative in Australia Australia's head state, Queen Elizabeth II.

Michael Jeffery
Major-General Philip Michael Jeffery  wasor-General Australia from 11 August 2003 until 5 September 2008.

Nanny
A nanny isone care children in a family.

Frank Forde
Francis Michael Forde  was Prime Minister Australia.

Ben Chifley
Joseph Benedict Chifley  was Prime Minister Australia.

High Court Australia
The High Court Australia is court in Australia.

Harold Holt
Harold Edward Holt  was Prime Minister Australia.

Archie Macpherson
Archibald 'Archie' Macpherson  is a famous football commentator.

Biosphere
The biosphere includes everything living on Earth, including humans, animals, insects.

Drum bugle corps
A drum bugle corps is similar to a marching band but it only has brass instruments, percussion instruments, color guards.

Piccolo
The piccolo is a flute that plays octave higher than normal flute.

Double reed
Double reeds are a group musical instruments with two reeds.

Alto flute
The alto flute is a flute that plays a  lower than regular flute.

Stevenage
Stevenage is a town inire ind.

Yu-Gi-Oh!
"Yu-Gi-Oh!" is a manga series, two anime series, two editions trading card game editions based on two anime series.

Travelling Problem
The Travelling Problem  is a problem to solve.

Creditor
A creditor is a person who loans money to another person.

Anno Domini
"Anno Domini"  Lord"),ened as AD A.D., is to years after birth Jesus.

Haze
Haze is a problem with air quality in which smoke covers sky, making it hard for people to breathe.

Neighbours
"Neighbours" is an soap opera.

John McEwen
Sir John McEwen  was Prime Minister Australia.

John Gorton
Sir John Grey Gorton  was Prime Minister Australia.

William McMahon
Sir William McMahon  was Prime Minister Australia.

Chatroom bot
Chatroom Bots  are computer programs.

Shawn Lane
Shawn Lane was an musician.

Greg Scott
Greg 'Greggles' Scott  is an television presenter.

Twin Dragons (movie)
Twin Dragons  (also known as Brother vs.

Motorola
Motorola is a company that makes cell phones.

Extrasolar planet
An extrasolar planet (a.k.a.

Extratropical cyclone
An Extratropical cyclone  is a type cyclone.

Small solar system body
Some "small solar system bodies" may be reclassified in future as dwarf planets, pending further examination to determine whether noty are in hydrostatic equilibrium .

Frankenstein
"Frankenstein" is an 1818 novel by writer Mary Shelley.

ESPN
ESPN is an sports television network.

Advance Australia Fair
Advance Australia Fair isficial national anthem Australia.

2006 Winter Olympics
The 2006 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XX Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in Turin, Italy from February 10, 2006, through February 26, 2006.

1683
Year 1683 was a common year that started on Friday when using calendar.

Dracula
"Dracula" is a horror novel by writer Bram Stoker.

United States Air Force
The United States Air Force  is aerospace branch United States armed forces seven uniformed services.

European Broadcasting Union
The Broadcasting Union , known in French as L'Union Européenne de Radio-Télévision ,, wased on 12 February 1950 by 23 broadcastingganizations from Europe at a conference in coastal resort Torquay in Devon,d.

Annular hurricane
An annular hurricane is a term used in northtic northeastern Pacific eastational Dateline.

1320s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1270s 1280s 1290s 1300s 1310s - 1320s - 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s 1370s Years: 1320 1321 1322 1323 1324 1325 1326 1327 1328 1329 .

1340s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1290s 1300s 1310s 1320s 1330s - 1340s - 1350s 1360s 1370s 1380s 1390s Years: 1340 1341 1342 1343 1344 1345 1346 1347 1348 1349 .

1110s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1060s 1070s 1080s 1090s 1100s - 1110s - 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s Years: 1110 1111 1112 1113 1114 1115 1116 1117 1118 1119 .

1200
1200 is a year in century.

1300s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1250s 1260s 1270s 1280s 1290s - 1300s - 1310s 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s Years: 1300 1301 1302 1303 1304 1305 1306 1307 1308 1309 .

1100s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1050s 1060s 1070s 1080s 1090s - 1100s - 1110s 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s Years: 1100 1101 1102 1103 1104 1105 1106 1107 1108 1109 .

2004 Summer Olympics
The 2004 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXVIII Olympiad,re celebrated in Athens, Greece from August 13, 2004, until August 29, 2004.

1964 Summer Olympics
The 1964 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XVIII Olympiad,re celebrated in Tokyo, from October 10, 1964, through October 24, 1964.

1896 Summer Olympics
The 1896 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games I Olympiad,re celebrated in Athens, Greece from April 6, through April 15.

Olympic Stadium
Olympic Stadium is a Olympic Games Main Stadium.

1330s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1280s 1290s 1300s 1310s 1320s - 1330s - 1340s 1350s 1360s 1370s 1380s Years: 1330 1331 1332 1333 1334 1335 1336 1337 1338 1339 .

1350s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1300s 1310s 1320s 1330s 1340s - 1350s - 1360s 1370s 1380s 1390s 1400s Years: 1350 1351 1352 1353 1354 1355 1356 1357 1358 1359 .

1360s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1310s 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s - 1360s - 1370s 1380s 1390s 1400s 1410s Years: 1360 1361 1362 1363 1364 1365 1366 1367 1368 1369 .

1370s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s - 1370s - 1380s 1390s 1400s 1410s 1420s Years: 1370 1371 1372 1373 1374 1375 1376 1377 1378 1379 .

1390s
Events Trends.

1080s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1030s 1040s 1050s 1060s 1070s - 1080s - 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s 1130s Years: 1080 1081 1082 1083 1084 1085 1086 1087 1088 1089 .

Captaints
"Captaints" was a popular series children's books by Dav Pilkey.

1070s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1020s 1030s 1040s 1050s 1060s - 1070s - 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s Years: 1070 1071 1072 1073 1074 1075 1076 1077 1078 1079 .

1050s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s - 1090s - 1100s - 1110s 1049 1050 1051 1052 1053 1054 1055 1056 1057 1058 1059 1060 .

Makalani
Makalani is given to a certain palm tree, growing in northern Namibia .

1380s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s 1370s - 1380s - 1390s 1400s 1410s 1420s 1430s Years: 1380 1381 1382 1383 1384 1385 1386 1387 1388 1389 .

Trowbridge
Trowbridge is a town inire,d.

Eid ul-Fitr
Eid ul-Fitr is a Muslim holiday celebrated on last day, month fasting.

Bow (music)
In music, a bow is a stick which is strung with hair.

Bowing
Bowing means: taking a bow.

Billie King
Billie King  is a tennis player, who is considered greatest female tennis players athletes.

Fabio Cannavaro
Fabio Cannavaro  is an football player who now plays for Real Madrid Spain.

Toontown Online
"Toontown Online"  is a online video game created by The Walt Disneyy.

Timbre
Timbre is a quality sound.

Exaggeration
Exaggeration means describingthing making it more than it really is.

Meiosis
Meiosis is splitting a cell to produce "gametes", which are reproductive cells in body.

Porsche
The Dr.

Gainsharing
Gainsharing is when an employer figures how much to pay an employee based on how much money company makes because employee's work.

T.A.T.u
t.A.T.u., known in as Тату, is a pop music duo, made up Lena Katina Yulia Volkova.

Oracle bone
Oracle Bonesre bones that would carve scratchir questions on.

Book Mormon
The Book Mormon is a book that Latter Day Saints believe is word God along with Bible.

Demilitarized Zone
A Demilitarized Zone is an area land that has no military forces in it.

Cúcuta
Cúcuta (pron.

Baryton
A baryton is a string instrument with many strings.

Frankston North
Frankston North is a town nearkston Carrum Downs in Victoria, Australia.

King Kong
"King Kong" is a 1933 movie about a giant ape.

Recursion
Recursion is a word from mathematics.

Monte Carlo algorithm
A Monte Carlo algorithm is an algorithm for computers.

BBC Radio 2
BBC Radio 2 is a radio station which is heard across United Kingdom It started in 1967.

Mailing list
Postal maling lists.

Electrochemistry
Electrochemistry is a chemistry that studies chemical reactions that use make electricity: Reactions this happen at "electrodes" which are made fromthing that conducts electricity, put in an "electrolyte".

Sulfuric acid
Sulfuric acid, Sulphuric acid H2SO4, is an acid.

Jew
In general, a Jew isone who belongs to religion called Judaism.

Gough Whitlam
Edward Gough Whitlam  was Prime Minister Australia.

John Kerr
Sir John Robert Kerr  wasor-General Australia.

Malcolm Fraser
John Malcolm Fraser  was Prime Minister Australia.

Four Seasons Centre for Performing Arts
The Four Seasons Centre for Performing Arts is an opera house in Toronto, Canada.

Casino Royale
"Casino Royale" is-twenty James Bond movie.

Australian Labor Party
The Labor Party is two major politicalies in Australia.

Bob Hawke
Robert James Lee "Bob" Hawke  was Prime Minister Australia.

1209
1209 is a year in century.

Tony Award
The Tony Award  is an annual award celebrating achievements in liveater, including musicalater, primarily honoring productions on Broadway in New York.

Shinzo Abe
Shinzo Abe was Prime Minister.

United Nations Secretary-General
The United Nations Secretary-General is important people in United Nations.

Petunia
The Petunia is a family plants.

Guantánamo
Guantanamo is a city in southeast Cuba.

Jane Goodall
Jane Goodall, born ind on April,1934, is a biologist.

Peteend
Peteend is lead guitarist songwriter for rock group The Who.

Sadguru
Sadguru is a person who is considered in eastern religions to be a master who has achieved enlightenment, who can help others to achieve same.

Aphelion
The aphelion is point inbit a planet comet where it is farthest from Sun.

Anthony Wagner
Sir Anthony Richard Wagner  was anficer arms fromd.

John Brooke-Little
John Philip Brooke Brooke-Little  was anficer arms fromd.

Sodium hydroxide
Sodium hydroxide is also known as caustic soda.

Condoleezza Rice
Condoleezza Rice  is current United States Secretary State.

Decidabilityory
Decidabilityory is a branch mathematics.

Ground
Ground is a commonly used word for surface Earth.

Johnam
John Rayam Jr.

Construction worker
A construction worker isone whose job is to work on a construction site where structures such as bridges houses are being built.

Never Mind Buzzcocks
Never Mind Buzzcocks is a television game show on channel BBC2.

Bayreuth
Bayreuth is a town in northern Bavaria,y.

Ragnarök
In Norse mythology, Ragnarök  is battle at end world.

Jörmungandr
Jörmungandr is a sea serpent in Norse mythology.

Hof
Hof is a city in northconia.

Pancake
Pancakes  are a flatbread prepared from a batter that is baked on an oiled buttered, hot griddle frying pan.

1040s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s - 1090s 1039 1040 1041 1042 1043 1044 1045 1046 1047 1048 1049 1050 .

1030s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s 1029 1030 1031 1032 1033 1034 1035 1036 1037 1038 1039 1040 .

1020s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s 1019 1020 1021 1022 1023 1024 1025 1026 1027 1028 1029 1030 .

1214
1214 is a year in century.

Labium
Labium  is a Latin-derived term meaning "Lip".

Rete testis
Rete testis is a network tubules found in testicle that carries sperm.

1st century BC
The century BC started on January 1, 100 BC ended on December 31, 1 BC.

British monarchs
This is a list Kings Queens Great Britain,d United Kingdom who reigned afterdd joined together in 1707.

Cosplay
is a way saying "Costume Play".

Las Vegas algorithm
A Las Vegas algorithm is an algorithm.

Factorial
N Factorial  is a function to calculate product every natural number from 1 to N.

Database
A Database is a program for a computer.

Lichtenfels
Lichtenfels is a german town inconia.

Neustadt bei Coburg
Neustadt bei Coburg is a city in Northconia has an population ca.

Kronach
Kronach is a german town in northernconia.

Rödental
Rödental is a town in northconia.

Öresund bridge
The Öresund bridge  is a bridge between Malmö, Sweden Copenhagen, Denmark.

Rocko's Life
"Rocko's Life" is an animated television show that aired on Nickelodeon from 1993 to 1996.

Motorway
A motorway is a word used in United Kingdom, Newd, other Commonwealth nations,d for a fast road, with four lanes more.

Jord
In Norse mythology, Jörð  is a goddess.

Asgard
In Norse mythology, Asgard is home gods .

Midgard
Midgard is an oldic for our world.

Alien (movie)
"Alien" is a 1979 science fiction–horror movie directed by Ridley Scott.

Isabella Castile
Isabella Castile was a queen Castile Leon.

Xinhai Revolution
The Xinhai Revolution was word for many revolutions in China around 1911.

Sonneberg
Sonneberg is a city in south Thuringia.

Hildburghausen
Hildburghausen is a town in south Thuringia.

Haßfurt
Haßfurt is a town in Bavaria,y, capital Haßberge district.

Eisfeld
Eisfeld is a city in south Thuringia.

Bad Colberg-Heldburg
Bad Colberg-Heldburg is a city in south Thuringia.

Schleusingen
Schleusingen is a town in district Hildburghausen, in Thuringia,y.

Ummerstadt
Ummerstadt is a city in south Thuringia.

Seßlach
Seßlach is a city in northconia.

Ebern
Ebern is a town in northconia.

Bad Staffelstein
Bad Staffelstein is an city inconia.

Ludwigsstadt
Ludwigsstadt is a municipality in district Kronach, in Bavaria,y.

Teuschnitz
Teuschnitz is a town in district Kronach, in Bavaria,y.

Wallenfels
Wallenfels is a town in district Kronach, inkenwald  Bavaria,y.

Steinach
Steinach is a ski city in south Thuringia.

Lauscha
Lauscha is a city in Thuringia.

Neuhaus am Rennweg
Neuhaus am Rennweg is a ski city in south Thuringia.

Themar
Themar is a town in district Hildburghausen, in southThuringia,y.

Schalkau
Schalkau is a city in south Thuringia.

Römhild
Römhild is a city in south Thuringia.

Mily Balakirev
Milyyevich Balakirev  was a composer.

Hector Berlioz
Hector Berlioz  was a French composer.

Vincenzo Bellini
Vincenzo Bellini  was an composer.

Charles-Valentin
Charles-Valentin  was a French composer pianist.

Kalki
Kalki is final avatar incarnation Hindu godnu.

Thomas Arne
Thomas Arne (born London baptized 28 May 1710; died London 5 March 1778 was an composer violinist.

Johann Nepomuk Hummel
Johann Nepomuk Hummel (born Pressburg November 14 1778; died Weimar October 17 1837 was an composer pianist.

Alphabeticalder
Alphabeticalder is a way to  a list.

Bad Rodach
Bad Rodach is a town in northconia.

M.I.A.
Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam  is an acclaimed artist, film graduate musician.

Key (music)
The key system is explained in article circles.

Otaku
Otaku is a slang word which meansone who is crazy aboutthing, especially anime manga.

Circles
In musicory Circles shows how different keys are.

Haddock
Hadock is a fish that lives intic ocean.

Kristallnacht
The Kristallnacht  was a two day pogrom that happened against Jews in Naziys Austria.

Pogrom
"Pogrom" ; from "громить" IPA: - to wreak havoc, to demolish violently) is a riot.

970s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s Years: 970 971 972 973 974 975 976 977 978 979 .

990s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s 990 991 992 993 994 995 996 997 998 999 1000 .

Sertoli cell
A Sertoli cell is a cell found in testes.

University President
University President is highest title in universities.

Public Broadcasting Service
The Public Broadcasting Service  is a non-profit public broadcasting television service with 349 member TV stations in United States, with member stations available by cable in Canada.

UPN
UPN  was a television network in over 200 places in United States.

Television network
A television network is a distribution network for television content whereby a central operation provides programming for many television stations.

Tokyo Tower
Tokyo Tower is a tower in Shiba Park, Minato-ku, Tokyo, .

Vuelta Ciclista a España
The Vuelta Ciclista a España  is a long-distance bicycle race.

Seminiferous tubule
Seminiferous tubules are long thread-like tubes found in each testicles where sperm is produced.

Seminal vesicle
The seminal vesicles are a pair tube-like glands.

Glans penis
The glans penis  is sensitive tip penis.

Second person
In grammar, person is person whomone is speaking to writing to.

Optical fiber
An optical fiber is a thin string fiber for taking light from end to other.

490s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 440s - 450s - 460s - 470s - 480s - 490s - 500s - 510s - 520s - 530s - 540s Years: 490 491 492 493 494 495 496 497 498 499 500 .

390s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s - 410s - 420s - 430s - 440s Years: 390 391 392 393 394 395 396 397 398 399 400 .

360s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 310s - 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s- 360s - 370s -380s - 390s - 400s - 410s 360 361 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 369 .

Population pyramid
A population pyramid is a graph.

Quarry
A Quarry is a type open pit mine that is rocks minerals from ground.

Central Powers
The Central Powers was a group nations fighting against Allies during World War I; members includedy, Austria-Hungary, Italy, Bulgaria, Empire,ir territories.

Soxhlet extractor
A Soxhlet extractor is a piece glass apparatus invented in 1879 byz von Soxhlet.

Dream
Dreams are things that happen in a person's mind whiley are sleeping.

Frenulum
A frenulum  is a fold tissue that prevents angan in body from moving too far.

Ejaculatory duct
Ejaculatory ducts are human male anatomy.

Corpus cavernosum penis
The corpus cavernosum penis  is two sponge-like sections tissue in male penis.

Torchwood
"Torchwood" is a science fiction television programme.

Bulbourethral gland
A bulbourethral gland  is two glands found in reproductive system human males.

380s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s - 410s - 420s 430s Years: 380 381 382 383 384 385 386 387 388 389 .

Fermion
A fermion is things that everything is made.

Boson
A boson is aicle which has a whole number spin .

Vaginal secretion
Vaginal secretion is when vagina secretes liquid because sexual stimulation.

Jürgenn
Jürgenn  is a football player who started in VfB Stuttgart, a club iny, when he was seventeen.

German national football team
The national football team is a football team iny.

Quintana Roo
Quintana Roo is a state in South.

Pilosa
Pilosa is ander mammals in superorder "Xenarthra".

Dead Kennedys
The Dead Kennedysre a hardcore punk band from Sancisco.

Bad Brains (band)
Bad Brains is a band that plays hardcore punk music that is mixed with reggae music.

Xenarthra
Xenarthra is a superorder mammals.

Channel 4
Channel 4 is a television channel which broadcasts to United Kingdom.

B-52 Stratofortress
The B-52 stratofortress is a bomber that with aerial refueling, can fly long distances to reach targets anywhere in world.

Hudson River
The Hudson River is found in State New York in United States.

Georgeington Bridge
The Georgeington Bridge is a bridge that connects New York City, New York to Fort Lee, New Jersey.

Freddy Krueger
Freddy Krueger is a character from Nightmare on Elm Street movies.

Golani
Thei Brigade חטיבת גולני (also known as Brigade No.

Salt mine
A salt mine is a mine where salt is taken from earth.

Key signature
A key signature is a group sharps flats which are printed at beginning a line music.

Virtuoso
A virtuoso isone who plays a musical instrument brilliantly.

Nancy Pelosi
Nancy Pelosi  is an politician.

Delaware River
The Delaware River is ae river estuary in Northeast United States.

Mals
Malcolm 'Mal's  was a road manager assistant to The Beatles, popular rock roll band 1960s.

CamuCamu
CamuCamu , also called Camu Camu, Cacari, Camocamo, is a type tree that lives in Amazon Rainforest.

Geddy Lee
Geddy Lee  is bass guitarist, singer, synth player rock band.

Eva Perón
María Eva Duarte de Perón  was wife Argentine President Perón.

Embalming
Embalming is act preserving a dead body, so it will not decompose.

Taxidermy
Taxidermy  is act taking skin an animal preserving it, by putting it on a fake body.

Guantanamo Bay Naval Base
Guantanamo Bay is a bay located in south island Cuba.

Munich U-Bahn
The Munich U-Bahn is a underground railway network in city Munich,y.

Richard Strauss
Richard Strauss  was a composer.

Gustav Mahler
Gustav Mahler , Bohemia, July 7 1860; died Vienna, May 18 1911) was a Czech composer conductor.

Boston Marathon
The Boston Marathon is a famous marathon which is run every April in Boston, Massachusetts on Patriot's Day.

Ultramarathon
The famous ultramarathon run in United States is States 100 Mile Race.

Captainet
Captainet is summoned when powers Earth, Fire, Wind, Water, Heart are combined in television show "Captainet".

World Warcraft
"World Warcraft" is a MMORPG computer game created by Blizzard Entertainment.

Santo Domingo
Santo Domingo de Guzmán, just Santo Domingo, is capital Republic; it is also its city.

Treason
Treason is when a person acts against his country.

Slave auction
Slave auctionsre places where peoplere sold as slaves to other people.

Riot
Riots happen when many people meet to be violent.

Johann Strauss I
Johann Strauss I  was as composer, conductor violinist.

Johann Strauss II
Johann Strauss II  was an composer, conductor violinist.

Speaker House
The Speaker House is leader United States Housentatives in government United States.

Zatch Bell!
"Zatch Bell!" is an animated television series, anime, manga.

Harmonics (music)
Harmonics in music are notes which are produced in a special way.

Hamburger
A hamburger is a sandwich.

Richardd
Richardd (a.k.a.

Ed Kavalee
Edd-Kavalee (a.k.a.

Meow
Meow  is a sound made by cats.

October Revolution
The October Revolution refers to seizing power in Russia byeviks led by Vladimir LLich Lenin.

Experience
Experience is knowledge a person gets by doingthing watchingone else do it.

Norse mythology
Norse mythology is belief legends people.

Fresh Meadows, Queens
Fresh Meadows is a neighborhood in northeastern borough Queens in New York City, which is bycis Lewis Boulevard, to south by Union Turnpike, to north by Kissena Park, tost by Utopia Parkway Meadows Lane.

Miranda (moon)
Miranda isus' moons.

Trombone
The trombone is a brass horn musical instrument.

Textile
A textile is a woven fabric, usually clothing other things, for example cotton, wool, silk Linen.

Willydt
Willydt was a chancellor from 1969 until 1974.

Konrad Adenauer
Konradn Josef Adenauer ).

Miri Ben-Ari
Miri Ben-Ari is a hip-hop violinist.

Scissor-tailed Flycatcher
The Scissor-tailed Flycatcher is a bird.

Alderaan
Alderaan is a fictional planet found in "Star Wars "series films created by George Lucas.

Sancisco Municipal Railway
MUNI is public transit agency that runs bus, cable car, trolley, subway service in city Sancisco, California, USA.

Cartilage
Cartilage is hard substance that body uses to connect bones together.

Dokkyo University
Dokkyo University is a university in Soka city Saitama prefecture,.

Munichational Airport
Munichational Airport  is an airport 28 km north east city Munich,y.

Helmut Schmidt
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt  is a politician wascellor Federal Republicy from 1974 to 1982.

Glinde
Glinde is a town in province Schleswig-Holstein iny, about 20 km away from Hamburg.

Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov
Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov  was a composer.

Modest Mussorgsky
Modest Petrovitch Mussorgsky  was a composer.

Provost
In United States, Provost is chief academicficer a college university.

Robert
Robert is president Armenia.

Armenians
Thes are a nation from Caucasus.

Mass Rapidsit (Singapore)
The Mass Rapidsit MRT  is a train system in Singapore.

Hampshire College
Hampshire College is a private college located in Amherst, Massachusetts.

Public
The word Public can mean different things.

Heather McCartney
Heather McCartney  is daughter Linda McCartney, stepdaughter Beatle Paul McCartney.

Jan Kerouac
Jan-Michelle Kerouac  was daughter writer Jack Kerouac, by his wife Haverty.

Survivor
A "survivor" is a person animal which continues to live afterthing happens which might have killedm.

Exclusive disjunction
Exclusive disjunction  is a Logic operation.

Forchheim
Forchheim is a town in Upperconia.

César Cui
César Cui (born Vilnius, 18 January 1835; died 26 March 1918] was a composer.

Alexander Borodin
Alexander Porfir'yevich Borodin (born St Petersburg November 12 1833; died St.

Permit
A permit is a written document that has been given by a government source.

Corrosion
Corrosion is breakdown materials due to reactions within its area.

Rust
Rust is a type corrosion.

Jamestown, Virginia
Jamestown, Virginia is a town in United States.

370s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s - 410s - 420s Years: 370 371 372 373 374 375 376 377 378 379 .

350s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 300s - 310s - 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s Years: 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 359 360 .

980s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s Years: 980 981 982 983 984 985 986 987 988 989 .

Suhl
Suhl is a town in Thuringia,y.

Eisenach
Eisenach is a city inst Thuringia.

GameFAQs
GameFAQs is absite with help information for video games.

Thomas Mann
Paul Thomas Mann  was a author.

Werner Heisenberg
Werner Karl Heisenberg  was a physicist, Nobel Prize winner people who started a new area physics called quantum mechanics.

Islamophobia
Islamophobia is a political term meant as an insult that literally means fear Muslims.

Ludwig Erhard
Ludwig Wilhelm Erhard  was a politician.

Kurt Georg Kiesinger
Kurt Georg Kiesinger  was a politician.

Call Duty 3
"Call Duty 3" is a person shooter video game.

Brian Johnson
Brian Johnson is a singer songwriter.

Centipede
A centipede is an arthropod with many legs.

Bikini panty
Bikini panties are a type underwear.

Pomerania
Pomerania  is a region on Baltic Sea.

900s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s Years: 930 931 932 933 934 935 936 937 938 939 .

Bronllys
Bronllys is a village in Powys region Wales.

Natural language processing
Natural Language Processing  is a field in Artificial Intelligence, is also.

Würzburg
Würzburg is a city in state Bavaria.

Rear Window
"Rear Window" is a film by director Alfred Hitchcock.

Conscientious objector
A Conscientious objector  is a person who decides not to be a combatant in military forces.

Anus language
The Anus language is a tribal language spoken in Jaya province Indonesia.

Rule law
The Rule Law is law that says thatment can only legally use its power in way government people agree.

Electorate
The Electorate is people citizens a state who elect representatives to representm in a democracy.

Paramount Pictures
Paramount Pictures Corporation is an motion picture production distribution company.

Chord
A chord in music is when two more notes are played together .

Irish dancing
Irish dancing is an ancient art dancing.

Grill (cooking)
A grill is a device food.

Order operations
The Order operations is a mathematical Algebraic concept.

Crystal
A crystal is a solid whose molecules  are arranged in a repeating pattern.

Indirect democracy
Democracies aretimes Indirect , latter are popular.

Direct democracy
Democracy means ruled by all people.

Revolution
A Revolution is a very sharp change made tothing.

Western Digital
Western Digital is a company located in California, United States, that makes Hard Drives.

Speech
Speech is when sounds  are made in an attempt to communicate.

Stage (theatre)
The Stage in aatre is area where actors perform.

Darth Vader
Darth Vader is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Gesture
A Gesture is a communication.

Palpatine
Palpatine  is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Witchcraft
Witchcraft is use certain powers, said to be supernatural.

Heteronym
A Heteronym is a word, rather several words, with different meanings.

Potassium permanganate
Potassium permanganate is chemical compound KMnO4.

840s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 790s - 800s - 810s - 820s - 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s Years: 840 841 842 843 844 845 846 847 848 849 .

880s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s Years: 880 881 882 883 884 885 886 887 888 889 .

Silkworm
The Silkworm  is larva caterpillar a moth that is important because it makes silk.

Death Valley
Death Valley is a valley in U.S.

Mulberry
Mulberry  is a genus 10–16 species trees.

Procaine
Procaine is a analgesic drug.

Leizu
Leizu was a legendary queen.

Reforesting
Reforesting is process replacing plants in an area that has hadm killed destroyed.

Moth
A moth is an insect closely.

Cocoon
A cocoon is a shell made silk by moth caterpillars other insect larvae.

Proctor Silex
Proctor Silex Co.

Scream (movie)
Scream is a movie from United States by Wes Craven that was released in 1996.

Columbine High School massacre
The Columbine High School Massacre was a murder/suicide at Columbine High School near Denver, Colorado on April 20, 1999.

Jose Rizal
Jose Rizal  is a national hero Philippines pride race.

Idiot
Idiot is a word who is stupid.

Developmental psychology
Developmental psychology is also called Development.

Dickinson's Real Deal
Dickinson's Real Deal is a television show hosted by David Dickinson.

Kosovo
Kosovo  is aially recognized country ins.

Lip
The Lips are a body around mouth.

Allergy
An allergy is whenone cannot have a certain thing enter his her body without getting sick.

Alfred Dreyfus
Major Alfred Dreyfus was a man who was wrongly accused treason to French military.

Nucleic acid
Nucleic acids are where genetic information is stored.

Adam Elliot
Adam Elliot  is an animator.

Phenylketonuria
Phenylketonuria  is a genetic disorder  where a person's body cannot break down an amino acid called phenylalanine.

Group home
A group home is a private house that serves as a non-secure home for unrelated people who share a common characteristic.

Anfield
Anfield is a football stadium in which soccer team Liverpool FC play.

Blood pressure
Blood pressure is pressure made by blood at right angles walls blood vessels.

Crawford, Texas
Crawford, Texas is a town in Texas, in United States.

Royal Navy
The Royal Navy is navy United Kingdom.

Mafia
The Mafia is a secret crime group working in manys world that was created in Italy more than 200 years ago.

Metalocalypse
Metalocalypse is an animated comedy television series.

St. Lucia Day
Into our dark house she comes, The Lucia celebrations also include ginger snaps sweet, saffron-flavoured buns  shaped curled-up cats with raisin eyes.

Pride
Pride means having a feeling being worthy.

Symmetry
Symmetry is a property that certain geometrical objects have.

Mount Ruapehu
Mount Ruapehu is an active volcano on Northd, Newd.

Klang
Klang  is royal capitalgor, Malaysia.

Moscow Metro
The Moscow Metro is a metro system which reaches nearly every city Moscow in Russia.

Kissing,y
Kissing is a town in Bavaria,y.

Anchorage
Anchorage is where a ship lies at anchor.

Jessica Simpson
Jessica Simpson  is an singer actress.

Charmander
Charmander is an fictional creature from video game anime series Pokémon made by Nintendo.

Monty Python Holy Grail
"Monty Python Holy Grail" is movie made by Monty Python.

Yen
The yen en is money used in.

West Forsyth High School
West Forsyth High School is a high school in North Carolina.

If only if
Iff  means that two statements are "biconditional".

Appletalk
Appletalk is a suite protocols for computer networking.

Miramax Films
Miramax Films is a motion picture distribution production company.

Western States 100
The States 100 is a 100 mile race that is held each July in California's Sierra Nevada Mountains.

Scott Jurek
Scott Jurek is an famous runner who lives in Seattle, California.

Badwater Ultramarathon
The Badwater Ultramarathon is a race run from lowest point in North America to trail head Mt.

Austria-Hungary
Austria-Hungary Austro Empire was a state in Central Europe from 1867 to 1918.

Wisdom
Wisdom is knowing things that help a person to live sensibly make decisions.

Skate
Skates are a fish.

Roger Moore
Sir Roger George Moore  is an actor United Nations ambassador.

Melbourne Cup
The Melbourne Cup is Australia's major horse race.

King Philip's War
King Philip's War  was a war between Natives colonists.

Lip balm
Lip balm is a product which is put on lips soy will not dry when a person isdoors in sun wind.

Coprophagia
Coprophagia is eating faeces.

Frankenwald
Thekenwald  is a mountain range.

Rapid transit
A Rapid transit , subway, underground, tube, elevated system) is a railway system.

Municipality
A municipality is a word city, a town a village, a groupm.

Problem
A problem is a situation which is difficult to deal with.

Friedrichshafen
Frierichshafen is a city iny.

Zeppelin
A Zeppelin is an airship.

666
666 was a year instern calendar, as counted Anno Domini.

Stanza
A stanza is a related group lines verses in a poem.

Nanga Parbat
Nanga Parbat is highest mountain, in Azadmir.

Cheema
Cheema   is a warrior clan found in Jatts India, who are descendants Indo tribes,red by as a Martial Race.

K2
K2 is highest mountain in world.

Respiration
During respiration animals, oxygen is taken into blood stream  carbon dioxide is taken from blood stream .

Kingsley Amis
Sir Kingsley William Amis  was an novelist, poet, critic, teacher.

69
__NOTOC__ .

340s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 290s - 300s - 310s - 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s Years: 340 341 342 343 344 345 346 347 348 349 .

Ferdinand II Aragon
Ferdinand II "the Catholic"   was king Aragon , Castile, Sicily , Naples , Valencia, Sardinia Navarre Count Barcelona.

Web 2.0
Web 2.0 is people call new ways showing using things onet.

The Broons
The Broons is a comic strip in newspaper The Sunday Post.

Roman Republic
The Republic was a phase in history Ancient Civilization.

First Triumvirate
The First Triumvirate is historians give to political alliance between Gaius Julius Caesar, Marcus Licinius Crassus Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus.

Second Triumvirate
The Second Triumvirate was an alliance between Gaius Julius Caesarus, Marcus Aemilius Lepidus Marcus Antonius.

Occam's razor
Occam's razor  is a principle from philosophy.

Riode do Sul
Riode do Sul is a brazilian state, in Brazil.

Turbofolk
Turbofolk Pop-folk is a style music froms that was invented in early 1990s.

Bérurier Noir
Bérurier Noir are a French punk band whiched in Paris in 1983.

Roman Britain
The term Britain is a term is given to Britain, when it was under control Empire from 43 to 410.

990
990 is a year in century.

Bixente Lizarazu
Bixente Lizarazu is a French athlete.

Shetland
Shetland  is a group islands .

Salt evaporation pond
A Salt evaporation pond  is a man-made shallow pond.

Salinity
Image:Wiki plot 04.png|thumb|right|Average salinity surface for World per year.

Food preservation
Food preservation is for a number processes that help to preserve food.

Clapham Junction
Clapham Junction is a railway station located in Battersea in London Borough Wandsworth.

Adenosine Triphosphate
Adenosine Triphosphate  is universal energy currency for all living things.

Shrimp
Shrimp are, swimming crustaceans.

Prawn
The prawn is a crustacean.

Lee Redmond
Lee Redmond is a woman from Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.

Martin Amis
Martin Amis is an novelist.

Xi Shun
Xi Shun   is in Guinness Book World Records as world's tallest living man.

Crab
Crabs are crustaceans.

Gran Colombia
Gran Colombia was a country that was created by Simon Bolivar.

Fingernail
A fingernail is a hard body at tip fingers.

Crustacean
The crustaceans are ae group arthropods.

Sessile
Anganism is called sessile if it cannot move about on its own.

Motile
Anganism is called motile if it can move on its own.

Maria Montessori
Maria Montessori was an educator doctor.

Jacob de Gheyn III (painting)
Jacob de Gheyn III is a famous painting.

Toy Story
"Toy Story" was Disney/Pixar animated movie.

María Esther de Capovilla
María Esther de Capovilla  was a supercentenarian world's oldest living between May 29, 2004, aged 114 years 258 days, her death from pneumonia on August 27, 2006, aged 116 years 347 days.

Gopher
Gophers are, burrowing rodents.

Wart
Warts are growths on skin.

Suffocation
Suffocation happens when a living thing can no longer breathe air, causing death.

Ming Kipa
Ming Kipa is Sherpa girl.

Sun Tzu (mathematician)
Sun Tzu Sun Zi was a mathematician century CE.

Sergey Karjakin
Sergey Karjakin is a chess player.

Yusuf Islam
Yusuf Islam was born in July 21, 1948, who is an singer.

Malay language
The Malay language, Bahasa Melayu, is a language spoken in countries Malaysia Singapore.

Timothy Dalton
Timothy Peter Dalton  is a-born actor famous for playing fictional spy James Bond in two films in 1987 1989.

Euzebiusz Smolarek
Euzebiusz Smolarek is a football player.

Bushido (rapper)
Bushido is a rap music singer.

National Party Australia
The National Party Australia is politicaly in Australia.

Oilll
Oilll is a way that people get oil from ground.

Prairie
A prairie is a flat area land with not much rain.

Mall
A mall is ae building that contains many stores  that are close to each other sell products.

Ice skating
Ice skating is a type sport.

Alpine Lynx
The Alpine Lynx is a breed domestic cat.

Trading post
A trading post is a place where trade takes place.

Wasp
Wasps are yellow black insects that can sting.

Human papillomavirus
The papillomaviruses are a group papillomaviruses.

Salicylic acid
Salicylic acid is a chemical substance.

Shampoo
Shampoo is a beauty care product.

Dmitri Shostakovich
Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich  was a Soviet composer.

Transparency
In optics, transparency is property allowing light to pass throughthing.

Punjab region
Punjab is a region in Asia.

Rug
A rug is a thick cloth that is a floor.

Hepatitis
Hepatitis is a disease liver.

Rodeo
A rodeo is a North sport.

Dewey Decimal System
The Dewey Decimal System is a way to books.

Rhombus
A rhombus is a parallelogram  with all sides equal in length.

Change (money)
Change is money returned after paying forthing with more money than it costs.

Homework
Homework is school work that students are given at school to do at home.

Garlic
Garlic is a type plant that people eat for food.

Glaze
A glaze is a type paint used on pottery ceramics.

Stanford University
Thedford Junior University,ten calledford University , is a private university next to Palo Alto in California, in middle Silicon Valley, about 37 miles  southeast Sancisco about 20 miles northwest San José, in Santa Clara County.

Undergraduate
An undergraduate is a student completing a degree.

Talk Pages
"This page is a redirect page.

Palladium
Palladium is a chemical element.

Beauty care
Beauty care items are products people look pretty.

Irish Army
The Army IRAiginated from Brotherhood, fought against army to get freedom ford in War Independence.

Rhythm blues
Rhythm blues  is a popular music genre combining jazz, gospel, blues influences, performed by artists.

Tungsten
Tungsten  is a chemical element.

Arc
An arc is a a circle.

Particulate
Particulates are very tiny pieces a solid liquid that are carried floating in a gas.

Shorthand
Shorthand "stenography" is a way writing.

Sine wave
This is a picture a sine wave.

Repeat
Things that repeat are things that happen again again.

Collingwood Football Club
Collingwood Football Club is a Club playing Rules Football.

Yard (unit length)
A yard is a measure length.

Vibration
Vibration means very quick moving back forth.

Molybdenum
Molybdenum is a chemical element.

Solution
In chemistry, a solution is a homogeneous mixture more substances.

Insurance
Insurance in law economics is a risk management.

Bunsen burner
A Bunsen burner is a common piece laboratory equipment.

Michael Faraday
Michael Faraday  was an chemist physicist.

Robert Wilhelm Bunsen
Robert Wilhelm Bunsen  was a chemist.

Keith Haring
Keith Haring  was an artist.

The Adventures Tintin
"The Adventures Tintin"  is a comic strip, created by Hergé  starting in late 1920s into 1970s.

Selenium
Selenium is a chemical element.

Germanium
Germanium is a chemical element.

Organometallic compound
Organometallic compounds are compounds that have chemical bonds between an more metal atoms more carbon atoms anganyl group .

Tom Green
Tom Green is a actor comedian.

The Force
The Force is a term from "Star Wars" universe.

Jedi
In fictional "Star Wars" universe, Jedi Jedi Knights are members an oldder, who use a powery call The Force.

Sith
In fictional "Star Wars" universe, Sith are users Dark side The Force opposite Jedi.

Alex Jones
Alex Jones is a radio talk show host from Texas.

Stuart Sutcliffe
Stuart Fergusson Victor Sutcliffe  was an early member band The Beatles.

George Boole
George Boole,  was a mathematician philosopher.

Managua
Managua has been capital city Nicaragua since 1855.

Flat
Flat things do not curve in any direction.

Curve
A curve is a line that turns bends.

Möbius strip
The Möbius strip Möbius band is a geometrical object.

Klein bottle
The Klein bottle is a strange surface.

Special shapes
The following are special shapes: They are either impossible to construct using geometryy look very unusual.

Entropy
Entropy is different things.

Side
In Geometry, a side is a line that is a flat figure made from straight lines.

Te Puke
Te Puke is a town in Bay Plenty in Newd.

Valley
A valley is a type landform.

Manifold
A Manifold is a concept from mathematics.

Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate
NADP  is a coenzyme that carries electrical energy used in cellular processes.

The CW Television Network
The CW Television Network, is a television network that created when two United States six major television networks  merged in 2006, making only five major broadcast networks now, in US, other four are CBS, NBC, ABC, FOX.

Borzoi
Borzoi is a type dog.

Giuseppe Garibaldi
Giuseppe Garibaldi was an soldier.

Edward Confessor
Edward Confessor ("c".

Gilbertville, Ontario
Gilbertville is a hamlet in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that is in between Delhi historical hamlet Pine Grove.

World War III
World War III is given to a possible world war.

Shotgun
A shotgun is a type gun.

Randy Quaid
Randall Rudy "Randy" Quaid is an actor.

Oakland, California
Oakland, California is a city in California, it is across bay from Sancisco.

Mosquito
A mosquito is an insect.

Molasses
Molasses is a by-product sugar canes sugar beets being.

Syrup
Syrup is a thick, sweet, flavored liquid with a great deal sugar in it.

Sugarcane
Sugarcane  is a genus plants.

Sugar beet
Sugar beet is a plant.

Tourette syndrome
Tourette syndrome is an inherited neurological disorder.

Soybean
The  is a plant.

Henagon
A henagon  is a shape in geometry.

Moors
The Moorsre Muslim inhabitants who lived on Peninsula, Mahgreb West Africa in Middle Ages.

Habitat
When talking about ecology, a habitat describes place where many animals plants a certain animals plants live.

Longd
Longd is ae island in New York.

K.M.Peyton
Kathleen Wendy Herald Peyton  is an writer.

Fédérationationale de Volleyball
The Fédérationationale de Volleyball ,ten just FIVB, isganization that controls international Volleyball.

Old World
Old World is a term about world before Christopher Columbus.

International Astronomical Union
Theational Astronomical Union  is a international group that brings together national astronomical groups from around world.

Obfuscation
Obfuscation means to makething harder to understand.

Chicago Bears
The Chicago Bears are a professional football team in National Football League based in Chicago, Illinois.

Cool Runnings (movie)
Cool Runnings is a 1993 Disney movie.

Schmallenberg
Schmallenberg is a town in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

French War
The French War was a The Seven Years' War.

Sif
Sif is a goddess in Norse mythology.

Political correctness
Political correctness  means using words behavior which will notfend any groups people.

Mjolnir
In Norse mythology, Mjolnir is war hammer Thor, god lightning, thunder, wind, rain.

Orphan
Anphan is a child that has lost his her parents.

Lady Macbeth Mtsensk District
"Lady Macbeth Mtsensk District"  is an opera by composer Dmitri Shostakovich.

Adoption
Adoption is legal process taking a child into a household as a new family member.

Border dispute
A border dispute is when two countries more do not agree where border is between two countries, such as State Israel Palestine Republic India over Disputed Territorymir.

Ambiguity
Ambiguity meansthing that can mean two different things.

Qantas
Qantas is an airline from Australia.

Heavy metal music
Heavy Metal is a loud, aggressive style Rock music.

Gesualdo
Gesualdo is an commune regionia, province Avellino, with about 3.800 inhabitants.

Aphra Behn
Aphra Behn  was an playwriter.

Ben Jonson
Ben Jonson  was a major poet playwright ince drama.

Robert Browning
Robert Browning  was an poet playwriter.

The Unknown Warrior
The Unknown Warrior is a tomb an unknown soldier who was killed on battlefield during World War I.

Joseph Addison
Joseph Addison (b.

Ipiaú
Ipiaú is a city in Bahia, Brazil.

German Empire
The Empire  is for a group countries from from January 18 1871 to November 9 1918.

Anthony Powell
Anthony Dymoke Powell  was a novelist.

Journalist
A journalist is a person who works in journalism.

Centennial High School
Centennial High School is a high school is located in Las Vegas, Nevada is many high schools in Clark County District.

Nellis Air Force Base
Nellis Air Force Base  is a United States Air Force military base.

Women's basketball
Women's basketball is a special type basketball for women.

Cebu
Cebu is oldest city in Philippines.

Siberian Husky
The Husky is a medium-sized working dog.

Paradise
Paradise  is a place where you have a time many things arere when you need it.

Heaven's Gate
Heaven's Gate was a UFO group led byall Applewhite Bonnie Nettles, untilir deaths.

Positive number
A positive number is a number that is than zero.

Bernkastel-Kues
Bernkastel-Kues is a city iny.

Thionville
Thionville is a city ince.

Metz
Metz is a city in northeastce.

Cochem
Cochem is a city iny.

Saar River
The Saar River is a river incey.

Konz
Konz is a city iny.

Max
Max is a common in America.

Simple living
Simple living means "living life easy".

Meteor burst communication
Meteor burst communication is a way communicating using ionized trails made by meteors asy enter earth’s atmosphere.

Spyware
Spyware is a category software for computers.

Vector space
A vector space is a concept from mathematics.

Prisoner war
A Prisoner war is a fighter that has been captured by forces enemy, during an armed conflict.

Jackson's Chameleon
Jackson's Chameleons are a species chameleon found in forests Kenyaia.

Resuscitation
Resuscitation is a thing to do in a medical emergency.

Aubergine
The aubergine  is a vegetable.

Coral Seads
The Coral Seads  is a group islands on Great Barrier Reef, in country Australia.

Pernambuco
Pernambuco is a state Brazil.

Manioc
Manioc  is a shrub.

Life cycle
Life cycle means how a living thing is born, grows up, gets older, reproduces dies.

Yucca
Yucca is a family shrubs trees,.

Herb
Herbs are plants that are grown either as a food , becausey have use in treating diseases , for spiritual reasons .

Podcasting
Podcasting is a new way to share information through MP3 audio files.

Alexander Fleming
Sirder Fleming  was a biologist pharmacologist.

Litter box
A litter box  is a place for cats other pets to use as a toilet.

Playground
Playgrounds are areas used by children to play in.

Woodstock Festival
The Woodstock Music Art Festival was a rock music festival at Max Yasgur's 600 acre  dairy farm in town Bethel, New York from 15 August–18 August 1969.

Phishing
Phishing is a way that criminals get sensitive information .

Edward Heath
Edward Heath was a Prime Minister United Kingdom.

One Magic Christmas
"One Magic Christmas" is a 1985 Christmas movie released by Walt Disney Pictures, starring Harryton Mary Steenburgen.

Kidney failure
Kidney failure  is a term when a person's kidneys stop working properly.

Raoult's law
Simply put, Raoult's law states that vapour pressure, a binary solution, containing a non-volatile solute, is directly fraction solvent (i.e.

Overdose
An Overdose is whenone takes too much a certain drug.

Kargil War
Kargil War was a war between i forces in Kargil in 1999.

Shock
A person is in shock when blood is not sufficient to bring oxygen to brain.

David Lloyd George
David Lloyd George  was Prime Minister during last half World War I.

Big Ben
Big Ben is a thirteen ton bell that rings in clock tower at northern end Houses Parliament in Westminster, London,d.

Strontium
Strontium is a chemical element.

Alkaline earth metal
Alkaline earth elements are metals, buty do not react this acute, becausey need more energy to remove two electrons.

Dag Hammarskjöld
Dag Hammarskjold   was a diplomat Secretary-General United Nations.

My Belarusy
My Belarusy isficial national anthem Belarus.

Yorkshire pudding
Yorkshire pudding is a food.

Extraterrestrial life
Extraterrestrial life is life that is not from planet Earth.

Segment
A segment is a piece.

Christian Apologetics Research Ministry
Christian Apologetics Research Ministry  is a religiousganization that was created in 1995 by Matt Slick.

American University Beirut
The University Beirut  is university to be built in Beirut,on.

Caliph
In Arabic, caliph means "a successor to prophet".

Bensheim
Bensheim is a city in Hesse,y.

Verão Vermelho
"Verão Vermelho" is a song bya which camef album Festival.

False prophet
A false prophet is a person who claims to be a prophet but really is not.

Paul Dirac
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac, Order Merit  was an physicist.

Emperor
The is a symbol nation unity its people.

Pipe (smoke)
A pipe is a tool that people use to smoke tobacco other drugs.

Thomas Tallis
Thomas Tallis  was important composer his generation.

Homophony
Homophony means music in which voices instruments sing play chords.

Technetium
Technetium is a chemical element.

Monastery
Monasteries are places where monks live.

Windows Neptune
Windows Neptune is a version Microsoft Windows that was in development during 1999 January 2000.

The Society Saint Johngelist
The Society Saint Johngelist is an religiousder.

Alexanderenko
Alexanderenko is leader country Belarus.

Shelf
A shelf is a piece furniture that is items.

Throat
The throat is a body.

Safe
The word safe has more than meaning.

Jelly
Gelatin Jelly is a dessert item.

Biogeography
Biogeography is science on where animals live had lived whyy go to livere.

Biophysics
Biophysics is a science where laws physics are biology, science on life living things.

Macromolecule
A macromolecule is ae group molecules with ae molecular mass, mass all atoms in a molecule.

Dendrology
Dendrology is science trees other woody plants such as shrubs lianas.

Entomology
Entomology is science insects.

Ethology
Ethology is science how animals usually act behave.

Henry IIId
Henry III  became Kingd in 1216 when he was than ten years old.

Edward Id
Edward I , was a Kingd who was known for conquering Wales keepingd asd during his lifetime.

Cell nucleus
A cell nucleus is a cell.

Scotland Yard
Scotland Yard is a police force in United Kingdom.

Antimony
Antimony is a chemical element.

Buckingham Palace
Buckingham Palace is a giant house owned by royal family.

Amherst, Massachusetts
Amherst is a town in state Massachusetts.

Conservative
Conservative is a word that means "does not change".

2008 Summer Olympics
The 2008 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXIX Olympiad,re celebrated in Beijing, People's Republic China from August 8 to August 24.

Pierre de Fermat
Pierre de Fermat  was a French lawyer at "Parlement" Toulouse, southernce, a mathematician.

Gottfried Leibniz
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz   1646 – November 14 1716) was a scientist who wrotely in French Latin.

Optimism
Optimism is a philosophy a way life.

Pessimism
Pessimism is a philosophy a way to see things in life.

The Church Jesus Christ Latter-day Saints
The Church Jesus Christ Latter-day Saints  is group in Mormon movement.

Fenrir
In Norse mythology, Fenrir Fenrisulfr is a giant wolf.

Russell Crowe
Russell Ira Crowe is an Newd actor.

Renin
Renin is an enzyme that is made by kidneys.

Knight
A knight was a soldier in Middle Ages.

Kuiper belt
The Kuiper belt is an area solar system beyondbit Neptune  to 50 AU from Sun.

Mole
Moles are animals found in North America, Europe Asia.

Terence Tao
Professor Terence Chi Shen Tao is a mathematician who currently resides in United States.

Fritz Lang
Fritz Lang  was a director, screenwriter, movie producer.

Scattered disc
The scattered disc  is a distant solar system.

Flatworm
Flatworms  are a phylum invertebrates.

Trematoda
Trematoda  is for a number species flatworms.

Period instruments
Period instruments are musical instruments which have been made in same way thatyre hundreds years ago so that old music will sound it it was composed.

Monogenea
Monogenea are a type flatworm.

Turbellaria
Turbellaria are a genus free-living flatworms.

Bifröst
In Norse mythology, Bifröst is bridge between land mortals, Midgard, land gods, Asgard.

Mendoza Province
Mendoza is a Province Argentina, located in region called Cuyo.

Dosimeter
A dosimeter is a tool.

Geiger counter
A Geiger counter  is a dosimeter that can measure ionizing radiation.

Wide Area Network
A Wide Area Network, WAN, is made up several computer networks connected together,ten overet.

Corporate network
A corporate network is a group computers, connected together, which are all owned by same company.

Disk
The spelling "disk" is also used in science, such as .

Noodle
Noodles are thin strips pasta.

Gaia Online
Gaia Online is absite created around anime chatting.

Jotunheim
Jötunheimr  is land giants in Norse mythology.

Leiaa
Princess Leiaa, born Leia Amidala Skywalker, is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Ayrton Senna
Ayrton Senna da Silva , better known as Ayrton Senna, was a Formula 1 driver who won championship three times, in 1988, 1990 in 1991.

Adriano Emperado
Adriano Emperado  is a Filipino martial artist.

Paramaribo
Paramaribo is capital city Suriname.

Ancient Domains Mystery
ADOM  is a computer game.

Jagdterrier
Jagdterriers are a breed dogs.

Erwin Schrödinger
Erwin Rudolf Josefder Schrödinger  was an Physicist.

Dioxin
Dioxins is for a group chemical compounds.

Arnold Sommerfeld
Arnoldnes Wilhelm Sommerfeld  was a mathematicianoretical physicist.

James Clerk Maxwell
James Clerk Maxwell  was a mathematician, physicist discoverer Maxwell's equations.

Romanniac
Romanniac ['vɪʃniæk]  is a photographer, a type artist who takes pictures, a biologist, a type scientist that studies living things.

Penicillin
Penicillin is a common antibiotic, bacterial infections.

Depleted uranium
Depleted uranium is is left over after uranium is enriched.

Commuting
A commuter is a person, who travels from a suburb a city into city-centre every day.

Anne Redpath
Anne Redpath was a artist.

CD-RW
A CD-RW  is a Compact disc that can be recorded erased multiple times.

Magneto-optical drive
A Magneto-optical drive is a disk drive for computers.

U.S. Presidential line succession
The United States Presidential line succession is based on laws that saysder who replaces United States President if he leavesfice before his term is over.

Oulu
Oulu is a city.

James Boswell
James Boswell  was a lawyer author.

Gondola
A Gondola is a boat.

MiniDisc
A MiniDisc is a magneto-optical disk.

Lolita
"Lolita" is a novel, written by Vladimir Nabokov.

Angela Haynes
Angela Haynes  is a Women's Tennis Association  tennis player.

Vania King
Vania King  is an tennis player.

Bottle cap
Bottle caps are opening bottles.

Quality
Quality is howthing is.

Gargoyle
A Gargoyle is a grotesque statue.

Oostende
Oostende  is a city located in province Westders.

Windows 2.0
Windows 2.x is in family Microsoft Windows picture-based operating environments that was better than Windows 1.0.

List UEFA Football Champions
The UEFA Footballip champions .

Abuja
Abuja is a city in Nigeria.

Assault rifle
An assault rifle is a rifle that has a magazine that can be removed, can be fired automatically, fires bullets that do not have power other rifles hunting rifles battle rifles, but have more power penatrationn pistol bullets fired by submachine guns.

Salvador Dalí
Salvador Felipe Jacinto Dalí Domènech, Marquis Pubol Salvador Felip Jacint Dalí Domènech , known by many people as Salvador Dalí, was a artist who became famous for unusual images he used in his paintings.

Anne Mowbray, Countess Norfolk
Anne de Mowbray, "Baroness Mowbray"  was daughter John Mowbray, Duke Norfolk Elizabeth Talbot.

Framlingham Castle
Framlingham Castle is a castle in Suffolk,d.

Warwick Castle
Warwick Castle (pron.

Edinburgh Castle
Edinburgh Castle is a castle in Edinburgh,d.

Alfred Kinsey
Alfred Charles Kinsey  was an biologist.

Kinsey Reports
The Kinsey Reports are two books, published in late 1940s early 1950s by Alfred Kinsey others.

Ruthenium
Ruthenium is a chemical element.

Niobium
Niobium is a chemical element.

Explosion
An explosion is a very fast increase in volume increase in energy made available.

Rhodium
Rhodium is a chemical element.

Tellurium
Tellurium is a chemical element.

Indium
Indium is a chemical element.

Francium
Francium is a chemical element.

Rhenium
Rhenium is a chemical element.

Thallium
Thallium is a chemical element.

Néstor Kirchner
Néstor Kirchner  was President Argentina between 2003 2007.

The Cunning Little Vixen
"The Cunning Little Vixen"  is an opera by Czech composer Leoš Janáček.

Guaraní alphabet
"A", "E", "I", "O", "U", "Y" are vowels, just.

Lake Victoria
Lake Victoria Victoriaza  is a lake in Africa.

Tonsilitis
Tonsilitis is a disease.

Encephalitis
Encephalitis is a disease brain.

Mitosis
Mitosis is when animal plant cell creates two identical copies itself by splitting in half.

Inflammation
Inflammation is reaction immune system to an infection irritation.

Car rental
A car rental agency a rent-a-car  is a company that rents automobiles for periods time  for a fee.

Mechanical engineering
Mechanical Engineering is designing mechanical things.

Paul
Paul  was an actor.

Piccadilly Line
The Piccadilly Line is a line London Underground, coloured dark blue on Tube map.

Olympiastadion Berlin
The Berlin Olympiastadion is a sports stadium in Berlin,y.

Olympic Stadium (Athens)
The Athens Olympic Stadium is a sports stadium in Athens, Greece.

2000 Summer Olympics
The 2000 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXVII Olympiad,re celebrated in Sydney, Australia from September 15, 2000, until October 1, 2000.

2002 Winter Olympics
The 2002 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XIX Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States from February 8, 2002, through February 24, 2002.

Stradivarius
A Stradivarius is a string instrument  built by century Stradivari family that was famous for makingm.

Gadolinium
Gadolinium is a chemical element.

Grand coalition
The "Grand coalition" refers to if two politicalies iny  join forces together .

Persephone
Persephone was a Greek goddess grain spring.

Bundestag
The Bundestag is legislaturey.

1. FC Nürnberg
The 1.

World History
World History as it is used here is about study cultural achievements entire human race.

Ur
Ur was world's known city.

Odenwald
The Odenwald is a mountain chain in south Hesse, in north Bavaria north Baden-Württemberg.

Sviatoslav I, Prince Kiev
Sviatoslav I was an early ruler Rus', a nation that Ukraine.

Citrus
Citrus is a common term genus flowering plants in family Rutaceae.

Daylight saving time
Daylight saving time  is local time adopted by many countries during summer.

Lanthanum
Lanthanum is a chemical element.

Rowing
Rowing is about moving a boat on water using human muscle power.

Inkjet printer
An Inkjet printer is a printer for computers.

Laser printer
A laser printer is a printer for computers.

Lawrencium
Lawrencium is a chemical element.

Darmstadtium
Darmstadtium is a chemical element.

Wampanoag
Theoagre a Native tribe.

Mandir
Mandir is a place where Hindus go to worship Brahma.

Kitchener, Ontario
Kitchener is a city in Ontario, Canada.

Spring (water)
A spring is a point where water flows ground.

Thorium
Thorium is a chemical element.

Source (river stream)
The source a river stream isiginal point from which river flows.

Laserdisc
A Laserdisc, a DVD, can play video a higher quality than VHS.

Californium
Californium is a chemical element.

Torgau
Torgau is a town on banks Elbe in northwestern Saxony,y.

Chemical bond
Chemical bonds are join together atoms.

Physical property
A physical property is a property, quality way that an object is.

Concept
A concept is an idea that is objects in a group.

Kenpo
Kenpo kempo is descriptive various martial arts withigins, also hybrid martial arts:ss.

Edge
The word Edge can stand for different concepts .

Tyr
Tyr is a god in Norse mythology.

Loki
Loki is a giant in Norse mythology.

Freyja
Freyja  is a goddess in Norseic Mythology.

Frigg
Frigg  is a goddess in Norse mythology.

William Wallace
William Wallace was a knight fromd who fought Kingd  in Middle Ages.

Æsir
The Æsir are main gods Norse mythology.

Braveheart
"Braveheart" is a movie starring Mel Gibson.

Semiconductor
A semiconductor is a solid whose electrical conductivity can be controlled by adding impurities.

Curium
Curium is a chemical element.

Lanark
Lanark is a town in Southire,d.

Robert Id
Robert Id  is more better known as Robert Bruce.

Geelong, Victoria
Geelong is city in state Victoria, Australia.

Monty Python's Life
"Monty Python's Life" is a 1979 comedy by Monty Python, which is about life Cohen , a young man born on same night same street as Jesus Christ.

Foundry
A foundry is a place where molten  metals are, to make metal things a certain shape.

Call Duty series
Call Duty is a person shooter video game series.

Elementaryicle
Inicle physics, an elementaryicle is aicle "not" made upicles.

Spin (physics)
In physics, spin is angular momentum aicle.

Bendigo, Victoria
Bendigo is a city in central Victoria, Australia.

Ballarat, Victoria
Ballarat is a city in central Victoria, Australia.

Heimdall
Heimdall  is gods in Norse mythology.

Tantalum
Tantalum is a chemical element.

Hafnium
Hafnium is a chemical element.

Lutetium
Lutetium is a chemical element.

Anaheim Ducks
The Anaheim Ducks are an ice hockey team from Anaheim, California, California.

Móði Magni
In Norse mythology, Móði  Magni are sons Thor.

Kerosene
Kerosene paraffin oil is a colourless flammable liquid, usually.

Brass instrument
A brass instrument is a musical instrument that you play by blowing through a mouthpiece to change pitch, note.

Crystallization
Crystallization is way that atoms gather to make tightly bonded connected groups.

Stir frying
Stir frying is a when food is cooked in a Wok .

Ragnarok Online
Ragnarok Online is an online computer game.

Cairns,d
Cairns is a city ind, Australia.

Arabian Sea
The Sea is a sea between Peninsula peninsula.

Base (chemistry)
If touched, it may cause a skin irritation.

Ytterbium
Ytterbium is a chemical element.

Ununtrium
Ununtrium is a chemical element.

Heart transplant
A heart transplant is a type surgery whereones heart is removed another is put in, becauseirs isn't working properly.

Joan Baez
Joandos Báez is an folk singer songwriter.

Kalmar Union
The Kalmar Union was a historical union Sweden, Norway, Denmark,d, various other provinces areas.

Physics links
Activities in physics.

Tomorrow Never Knows (Mr. Children song)
Tomorrow Never Knows is a pop song sung in 1994 by Mr.

Bay Plenty
The Bay Plenty is a region in Newd.

Plotter
A Plotter is a printer for Computers.

Dot-matrix printer
Dot-matrix printers are printers for computers.

Vercingetorix
Vercingetorix  born 72 BC, died 46 BC) was a chieftain Gallic tribei.

Philippe Noiret
Philippe Noiret  was all-known French actor.

Monica Bellucci
Monica Belllucci  is an actress.

Murrayfield Stadium
Murrayfield stadium in Edinburgh is home national rugby team.

List football clubs in Sweden
__NOTOC__ This is a list football clubs in Sweden.

Allmänna Idrottsklubben
AIK , is a sports club from Sweden.

Network Ten
"Network Ten" is three major television networks in Australia.

Seven Network
Seven Network is three major television networks in Australia.

Accountancy
Accountancy is profession which deals with a company's money, books records.

Des Lynam
Desmond Michael Lynam  is an, television radio presenter.

Carbonate
A carbonate is a chemical compound that is made carbon oxygen.

Anton van Leeuwenhoek
Antony van Leeuwenhoek , full Thonius Philips van Leeuwenhoek  was a Dutch tradesman scientist from Delft,ds.

Barbie
Barbie is a toy doll.

Parmesan cheese
Parmesan cheese is a fews extra-hard cheeses.

Franz Liszt
Franz Liszt (born Raiding, nr.

Wikia
Wikia is absite where people can make a wiki.

Mozzarella
Mozzarella is a fresh cheese.

Limburger cheese
Limburger cheese is a cheese made from cows' milk.

MyScene
MyScene is a type doll created by Mattel Toyy.

Bora Bora
Bora Bora is a island in Leeward group Societyds French Polynesia, an overseas territoryce in Pacific.

Appalachian Mountains
The Mountains  are ae group North mountains.

Raven-Symoné
Raven-Symone Christina  is an actress singer.

Arabian horse
The horse is a breed famous for beauty stamina.

Crust (geology)
The crust is hard layer planet.

Food chain
This is a diagram that shows movement food materials from producers who makeir own food  in an ecosystem to consumers who eat other things a chain describes movement energy by showing only ways that food can go through chain.

Embryology
Embryology is study embryos babies inside mothers.

Histology
Histology is study body tissue.

Ann Arbor,
Ann Arbor is a city in.

Fez
A Fez is a Middle hat.

Microbiology
Microbiology -  science in composition biology, which is occupied by study microorganisms , microscopic fungi, protozoa alga,frequently by viruses).

Transposon
A transposon is a gene series DNA code that can move around inside cells genome.

Toowoomba,d
Toowoomba  is a city in South Eastd, Australia.

Albury, New South Wales
Albury is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Francisco de Goya
Francisco de Goya y Lucentes  was a painter.

Inclusive disjunction
Inclusive disjunction  is a Logic operation.

Logical conjunction
Logical conjunction  is a Logic operation.

Logical negation
Logical negation  is a logic operation.

Logic equality
Logical equality is a logical operation.

Logical implication
Logical implication (also known as implies, If...

Hellenistic art
The art Hellenistic time (400 B.C.

Interest
Interest is cost for borrowing money payment for lending money.

Newcastle, New South Wales
Newcastle is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Era
An era is a very long time, probably millions years.

Drowning
Drowning means dying from not being able to breathe in water another liquid.

Schrödinger's cat
Schrödinger's cat is a thought experiment about quantum physics.

Wollongong, New South Wales
Wollongong is a city in New South Wales, Australia, located on eastern coast Australia, south Sydney.

Yule
Yule is an old pre holiday  that is better known as Winter solstice Christmas.

List Cities in Australia
This is a list cities in Australiaed by state.

Warrnambool, Victoria
Warrnambool is a city on south-western coast Victoria, Australia.

Whitney
Whitney Adela  is a actress.

Macedonia
Macedonia is two areas in Europe .

Rock, paper, scissors
Rock, Paper, Scissors is a two-person hand game.

Katie Leung
Katie Liu Leungis a actress, who is famous for her roles as Chog in Harry Potter series.

Psycho
"Psycho" is a 1960 horror film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.

Film noir
Film noir is a term crime drama movies from Hollywood that areten focused on sex, crime, corruption.

Jazz fusion
Jazz fusion  is a style music.

Stadio Olimpico
Stadio Olimpico is a sports stadium in Rome, Italy.

Insulation
Insulation reduces stops flow energy.

Arc de Triomphe
The Arc de Triomphe, in end Champs-Elysées, is a very famous monument in Paris.

Show
A show is aatrical, cinema, music choreographic representation.

Traffic light
Traffic signals are instruments for controlling traffic by using changing lights.

Railway signal
A railway signal just signal is a mechanical electrical machine that gives train drivers engineers information about state line ahead.

Maitland, New South Wales
Maitland is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Benalla, Victoria
Benalla is a city in Victoria, Australia.

Grafton, New South Wales
Grafton is a city on northern coast New South Wales, Australia.

Zupaysaurus
Zupaysaurus was a dinosaur from 213 million years ago.

Zephyrosaurus
Zephyrosaurus was a dinosaur.

Hypsilophodon
Hypsilophodon was a plant-eating dinosaur that lived 105 million years ago.

Dryosaurus
Dryosaurus was a dinosaur from 150 million years ago.

Iguanodon
Iguanodon was a huge plant-eating dinosaur from Cretaceous period in North America, Africa Asia.

Xylem
Xylem is a vessel in plants where nutrients can be taken from roots to stem.

Allosaurus
Allosaurus was a predatory dinosaur from Jurassic period.

Abelisaurus
Abelisaurus was ae dinosaur that ate meat grew around 25 to 30 feet  in length.

Ceratosaurus
Ceratosaurus was a predatory dinosaur from Jurassic period.

Carnotaurus
Carnotaurus was a predatory dinosaur that lived 105 million years ago.

Coelophysis
Coelophysis was a fast running dinosaur from 215 million years ago.

Dilophosaurus
"Dilophosaurus"   was a huge dinosaur from 200 million years ago that fed on sauropodmorph dinosaurs.

SimCity 4
"SimCity 4" is sequel to SimCity computer game.

Elasmosaurus
Elasmosaurus was a 46 foot long swimming reptile that lived in North America.

Waffen-SS
The Waffen-SS was SS.

Pizzicato
Pizzicato means: playing a string instrument by plucking strings .

Movement (music)
Long pieces classical music areten.

Portd, Australia
Portd is a city on north coast Australia.

Worms,y
Worms  is a city in southwesty in federal stated-Palatinate .

Transistor
A transistor is an electronic component that can be used as an amplifier, as a switch.

Sex toy
A Sex toy is a device that helps humans get more pleasure wheny have sex wheny masturbate.

Compsognathus
Compsognathus was a species dinosaur.

Micropachycephalosaurus
Micropachycephalosaurus  was a herbivore dinosaur from Late Cretaceous.

Velociraptor
Velociraptor  was a predatory dinosaur in Late Cretaceous Period.

Rhea (moon)
Rhea is Saturn's moon.

Mimas (moon)
Mimas is Saturn's moons.

Aphrodisiac
An aphrodisiac is a type food drink that has effect making who eat drink it more aroused in a sexual way.

Protoceratops
Protoceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur from Mongolia.

Megapnosaurus
Megapnosaurus was a dinosaur from Early Jurassic.

Vidar
Vidar is a god in Norse mythology.

Anchisaurus
Anchisaurus was a sauropodmorph dinosaur from Early Jurassic.

Segisaurus
Segisaurus was a dinosaur from Triassic.

Psittacosaurus
Psittacosaurus was a ceratopsian dinosaur from Early Cretaceous.

Zuniceratops
Zuniceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur.

Quilmesaurus
Quilmesaurus was a predatory dinosaur from Cretaceous period.

Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich Russia
Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich Russia was to be Emperor Russia.

Zalmoxes
Zalmoxes was a dinosaur from Early Cretaceous.

Oviraptor
Oviraptor was a dinosaur from is today Mongolia.

Oyster
Oyster is given to a few bivalves.

Tumour
Tumour means swelling, but word istimes tissue growth where it should not be growing.

Sony Ericsson
Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB is a mobile phone manufacturer.

Australian dollar
The dollar  isficial currency Commonwealth Australia.

Washing machine
A washing machine is a machine dirty clothes.

Benign
The word benign isten to a medical condition that will not become life-threatening if it is not treated, but can also mean thatthing is not.

Frankfurt U-Bahn
"Thekfurt U-Bahn" is an underground railway network in citykfurt,y.

Geraldton, Australia
Geraldton is a city port in Australia 424 km north Perth.

Frankfurtational Airport
Thekfurtational Airport  is airport iny in Europe , it is located inkfurt, Hessen.

Marki
Marki is a town near Warsaw, ind.

William Harvey
William Harvey was an medical doctor.

Zoey 101
Zoey 101 is a television series on Nickelodeon about teenagers in a boarding school.

Velocisaurus
The "Velocisaurus" was a dinosaur.

Valdosaurus
Valdosaurus was a fast dinosaur, that lived perhaps 81 million years ago.

Irish Potato Famine
The Great Famine Great Hunger  is given to famine ind between 1845 1849.

Wannanosaurus
Wannanosaurus was a dinosaur that ate soft plants.

Chihuahua (dog)
A chihuahua is a very breed dog are pampered.

Minmi
Minmi was a dinosaur that ate plants.

Rugops
Rugops was a dinosaur.

Abrictosaurus
Habits.

Heterodontosaurus
Heterodontosaurus was a plant-eating dinosaur.

Camarasaurus
Camarasaurus   was ae plant-eating dinosaur.

Zizhongosaurus
Zizhongosaurus was a verye plant-eating dinosaur.

Belching
Belching is act making a burp.

Great Fire London
The Great Fire Of London was a tragedy that happened in London,d in 1666.

Golgi complex
The Golgi complex, also known as Golgi apparatus, Golgi body dictyosome is anganelle .

Institut Teknologi Bandung
Institut Teknologi Bandung  is a public government-funded, higher education, technology school located in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.

Superconductor
A superconductor is a special type material that conducts electricity without resistance.

Alan
Alan Leslie 'Fluff'  was a famous radio presenter but worked his career in United Kingdom.

Sunflower
The sunflower  is an annual plant in family Asteraceae, with ae flower head .

Petering
Petering  was an actor.

Brian Krause
Brian Krause  is an actor who grew up in El Toro, California.

Julian McMahon
Julian McMahon  is an actor model.

Ted King
Theodore William King is an actor.

Coffs Harbour, New South Wales
Coffs Harbour is a city on north coast New South Wales, Australia.

Yggdrasil
Yggdrasil is tree that links different worlds Norse mythology.

Impeachment
Impeachment in many places is a process to remove governmentficials without thatficial wanting to leave his job.

Indictment
In common law, an indictment is a charge saying that a person committed a very serious crime.

Trial
A trial is where 2 groups people argue in a court.

Belinda (entertainer)
Belinda Peregrin Schull  is a/French/Spanish singer actress.

Ngo Dinh Diem
Ngo Dinh Diem "Ngô Ðình Diệm" in was President South Vietnam.

Great Plague London
The Great Plague London was when disease called bubonic plague hit London in 1665-1666, killing many people.

Empress Matilda
Empress Matilda (c.

Kaiser
Kaiser was title from creation unifiedy in 1871 until end World War I.

Orange, New South Wales
Orange is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Endometrium
The endometrium is inner membrane uterus in mammals.

Nibelungenlied
The "Nibelungenlied", translated as "The Song Nibelungs", is an epic poem in Middle High.

Dwarf
A dwarf is a, humanlike creature in Norse mythology asll as otheric mythologies, fairy tales, fantasy, fiction role-playing games.

Vanir
They live in Asgard together with Æsir as a tokenwill following a peace treaty.

Mole (unit)
Mole is SI unit measurement number things, commonly atoms molecules.

Plesiosaurus
Plesiosaurus was a prehistoric marine animal.

Doraemon
"Doraemon"（ドラえもん) is a manga anime series.

Alfred Great
Alfred Great (c.

Festival
A festival is a gathering people to celebratething.

Oort cloud
The Oort Cloud is a cloud comets other objects that scientists astronomers believe exists beyondbit Pluto, in is called Kuiper belt.

Dynasty
Dynasty means rulers who belong to same family for generations.

Han Dynasty
The Han Dynasty came to power in 202 BC.

Zhou Dynasty
The Zhou Dynasty defeatedg Dynasty using mandate heaven saidyre immoral at about 3000 BC, came to power.

Tony Iommi
Frank Anthony "Tony" Iommi  is a guitarist from Birmingham,d.

Yellow River
The Yellow River Huáng Hé  is longest river in China  longest in world.

Rebellion
A rebellion  is when citizens a country take over government by force becausey don't trust current system.

Kingce
France had many kings for a long time, until French Revolution in 1789, when French king was killed.

Battle
A battle is a fight between two more groups where each group is trying to defeat  others.

Device
Or see placename Devizes .

Edward IVd
Edward IVd was a kingd.

Pterosaur
Pterosaursre flying reptiles that lived at same time as dinosaurs.

Quetzalcoatlus
Quetzalcoatlus was a huge pterosaur.

Mozilla (web browser)
Mozilla was ab browser that was made open source.

Fedora (operating system)
Fedora is a distribution  Linux developed by community-supported Fedora Project sponsored by Red Hat.

Bagel
Bagels are a type bread made with flour.

Doughnut
A doughnut  is a sweet deep-fried piece dough batter.

Mary IId
Mary IId was born on April 30, 1662, died on December 28, 1694.

1936 Summer Olympics
The 1936 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XI Olympiad,re celebrated in Berlin,y from August 1, 1936, through August 16, 1936.

Mesopotamia
Mesopotamia  is region wheres Iraq, eastern Syria, southeastern Turkey are now, between Euphrates Tigris rivers.

Joss Whedon
Joss Hill Whedon is an writer, director producer.

Guanajuato,ajuato
Guanajuato is a city.

Bathurst, New South Wales
Bathurst is a city in state New South Wales, Australia.

List Pacific typhoon seasons
The following is a list Pacific typhoon seasons.

Songhai Empire
The Songhai Empire was a muslim empire that started after Mali Empire ended.

SeaMonkey
SeaMonkey is a freeet application, which uses Gecko rendering engine.

Proceratosaurus
Proceratosaurus was a dinosaur from Middle Jurassic era around 180 million years ago.

Cowboy Bebop
Cowboy Bebop is a anime television show.

The Vision Escaflowne
"The Vision Escaflowne" is a anime television show that aired in on April 2, 1996.

Fir
Firs  are about 45-55 species evergreen trees in family "Pinaceae".

Conifer cone
A conifer cone  is a a tree that lets tree reproduce.

Spike Spiegel
Spike Speigel is main character in anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Jet Black
Jet Black is a main character in anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Faye Valentine
Faye Valentine is main female character in anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Edward Wong Hau Pepelu Tivrusky IV
Edward is a main character in anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Julia (anime)
Julia is a character in anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Punch Judy
"Punch Judy" is a very popular puppet show which children in Britain love to watch.

Boudicca
Boudicca  was a queen Celtic Iceni people Norfolk.

Boomerang (TV channel)
Boomerang is at least four television networks owned by Cartoon Network.

Boomerang
A boomerang is a flying tool.

Niflheim
Niflheim is world frost cold Norse Mythology.

Baldur
Baldur  is Odin's son.

Prophecy
A prophecy is a claim on how future will be, which is not based on anydinary source information.

Vicious (Anime)
Vicious is a villain character in anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Anatotitan
Anatotitan  was a type dinosaur called a hadrosaur.

Ornithomimus
Ornithomimus was a dinosaur that could run very fast.

Book Job
The Book Job  is book in Hebrew Bible Old Testament.

Abide with Me
Abide with Me is a religious song hymm.

Hail Mary
Hail Mary is a prayer to Mary, mother Jesus.

Ein (Anime)
Ein is smart pet dog in anime television show, "Cowboy Bebop".

Studio
A studio is a place where an artist can work.

Electric Light Orchestra
The Electric Light Orchestra, also known as ELO,re a popular rock band from 1970s early 1980s.

Ash tree
Ash trees are trees.

Ash Wednesday
In calendar, Ash Wednesday is day Lent.

Valkyrie
Valkyries  are goddesses in Norse Mythology.

Zosterops
Zosterops is a type bird.

Dimorphodon
Dimorphodon was a prehistoric reptile.

Cryolophosaurus
The Cryolophosaurus means "frozen crested reptile." The characteristic feature this dinosaur ise crest on top skull, above eyes.

Coloborhynchus
Coloborhynchus was a pterosaur.

Alder
Alder is common for about 30s trees shrubs Alnus genus.

Futabasaurus
Futabasaurus was a plesiosaur from Late Cretaceous.

Ovum
An ovum  is for haploid female reproductive cell.

Horn (musical instrument)
The horn is a brass instrument.

Valhalla
Valhalla  is a giant hall.

Horn (anatomy)
Horns are body animals.

Mead
Mead is a fermented alcoholic drink.

Ull
In Norse mythology, Ull  is son Sif, step-son Thor.

Thrud
Thrud is daughter Sif Thor in Norse mythology.

Hugin Munin
Hugin Munin are two raven, commonly associated with Odin.

Hel (goddess)
Hel is a goddess Norse mythology.

Runestone
A Runestone Rune stone is ae stone, with runes inscribed on it, dating from early Middle Ages.

Balcony
A balcony is a floor at a certain height, which stands from building.

Bergstraße Route
Bergstraße  is a mountain route, area around it, which stretches acrossstern edge Odenwald in southern Hesse northern Baden-Württemberg,y.

Waistband
Ad isthing found on underwear.

Caucasus
The Caucasus Caucasia is a region in Eurasia bordered on south by, on southwest by Turkey, onst by Black Sea, on east by Sea, on north by Russia.

Hamidian massacres
The massacres took place around 1895 until 1897.

Alfred Pampalon
Alfred Pampalon  was born in city Lévis, Quebec, died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré.

Armenian oblast
Armenian oblast  was an oblast  around eastern Armenia.

St. Hripsime
St.

Armenian language
The language is a Indo language.

Armenian diaspora
The diaspora is a term communitiess livingside Armenia.

Carol
Carol  is an television presenter.

Automobiles 1920s
Automobiles have changed a lot since 1920s.

Norns
The Norns are deities in Norse mythology that governed fate.

Liopleurodon
Liopleurodon was ae species pliosaur.

Libonectes
Libonectes was a plesiosaur that lived 65 million years ago.

Dimetrodon
Dimetrodon was a prehistoric reptile from period .

Spinosaurus
Spinosaurus  was a huge meat eating dinosaur.

Rhamphorhynchus (animal)
The Rhamphorhynchus was a pterosaur.

Anhanguera
Anhanguera, which ment 'Old Devil', was a Pterosaur from Late Cretaceous period.

Zhejiangopterus
Zhejiangopterus is a pterosaur that was found in China.

Tupuxuara
Tupuxuara was an omnivorous pterosaur that lived 112 million years ago.

Anurognathus
Anurognathus was a pterosaur that lived 150 million years ago.

Thirty-Nine Articles
The Thirty-Nine Articles are historic statements beliefs.

Ojiya, Niigata
Ojiya  is a city in Niigata,.

Tantalus
Tantalus was a mortal king in Greek mythology.

Bushido
, meaning "Way Warrior", is a code conduct a way life, more similar to code chivalry.

Campaign
Campaign is trying to getthing.

Manco Capac
Manco Capac  was fourteen Inca rulers Peru.

Mama Ocllo
Mama Ocllo was wife Manco Capac, fourteen Inca Empire rulers.

Brazzaville
Brazzaville is capital city Republic Congo.

Yellow Sea
The Yellow Sea is northern East China Sea, which in turn is a marginal sea Pacific.

East China Sea
The East China Sea is a marginal sea east China.

Governor California
Theor California is highestfice in state government in state California.

Hymn
A hymn is a religious song worship, a sacred song.

Scarlett O'Hara
Scarlett O'Hara is main character in book "Gone with Wind" by Margaret Mitchell, "Scarlett" bydra Ripley.

Vivien Leigh
Vivien Leigh  was an actress.

Sacred Heart
The prayer to Sacred Heart Jesus is a Catholic devotion.

Marian Prayer
Marian prayers devotions are acts praying to Mary, mother Jesus.

Clark Gable
William Clark Gable  was an actor.

Nyctosaurus
Nyctosaurus was a pterosaur from Late Cretaceous period.

Marilyn Monroe
Marilyn Monroe, born Norma Baker on June 1, 1926, was a famous american actress, singer model.

Eliot, Maine
Eliot is a town in state Maine.

Troödon
Troödon was a dinosaur.

Saurornithoides
Saurornithoides was a fast running dinosaur from 79 million years ago.

Reining
Reining is a competitive way riding a horse.

Ranisi
Ranisi Laxmibai  was an queen warrior.

Ukrainian hryvnia
Hryvnia is national currency Ukraine .

Chronos
Chronos is Greek god time.

Speyer
Speyer  is a city in stated-Palatinate with about 50.000 inhabitants on Rhine river.

Johanng Goethe Universitykfurt am Main
Theng Goethe University in Main opened in 1914.

Thayer Academy
Thayer Academy is a private school that prepares people for college.

Siegfried
Siegfried is a strong hero in "Nibelungenlied", a epic poem written about year 1200.

James IId
James IId/VIId  became King Scots, Kingd, Kingd on 6 February 1685, Dukedy on 31 December 1660.

Fichtelgebirge
The Fichtelgebirge is a mountain range in northeastern Bavaria,y.

Ore Mountains
The Ore Mountains  are a mountain range iny Czech Republic.

Manifest
To manifestthing means to show it, to make it clear to make it known.

Henry IVd
Henry IV  was a kingd.

Thalassodromeus
Thalassodromeus was a pterosaur found in northern Brazil.

Oratorio
Anatorio is a piece music forchestra, choir solo singers.

Pterodactylus
'Pterodactylus' was a pterosaur flying reptile.

Rutiodon
Rutiodon was a type phytosaur.

When Dinosaurs Roamed America
When Dinosaurs Roamed America is a 2001 television movie from Discoverynel.

Cigar
A cigar is a in which tobacco is smoked.

Bahá'u'lláh
Bahá'u'lláh, wich means "Glory God", was a nobleman who founded religion known as Bahá'í Faith.

`Abdu'l-Bahá
`Abdu'l-Bahá was a man born in 1844.

Shoghi Effendi
Shoghi Effendi  was a man.

Will (law)
A will testament is a legal document that explains last wishesone aftery die.

Uhlan
Uhlan is for a type soldier light cavalry, armed with lance .

Not
The word not negates meaning word phrase following it.

Chin
The chin is lower face.

Anne Great Britain
Anne Great Britain  became Queend,d,d on March 8 1702.

Knot
A knot is a fixed looping a piece string rope.

Flensburg
Flensburg  is a city iny, next to border to Denmark.

Goslar
Goslar is a historic city iny.

Margaret
Margaret  is an business person.

MTV
MTV  is an cable television network.

Bundesautobahn 45
The Bundesautobahn 45 , is a Motorway from Ruhr area till Hanau.

A.F.C. Ajax
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax  is a football club from Amsterdam,ds.

Fungicide
A fungicide is a poison.

Chad Kroeger
Chad Robert Turton  is a singer guitarist for rock band, Nickelback.

Consecutive integer
Consecutive integers are integers that follow each other inder.

Beowulf (hero)
Beowulf is hero Anglo-Saxon poem "Beowulf".

Clan
A clan is a group people who - following a tradition - belong to same kin.

Muon-catalyzed fusion
Muon-catalyzed fusion  is a type cold nuclear fusion, which means that nuclear fusion can happen at low temperatures under normal pressure.

Nomadic people
Nomadic people  are people who move from place to place, rather than living in place.

Geodesic dome
A geodesic dome is a type building that looks half a ball shape .

Coprolalia
Coprolalia is a condition that affects about 15% people with Tourette syndrome.

Billy Talent
"Billy Talent", before called Pezz, is a band.

Don Cheadle
Don Cheadle  is an actor.

Massospondylus
Massospondylus was a dinosaur from 200 million years ago, during Early Jurassic Period.

MIRC
mIRC is popular sharewareet Relay Chat  client for Microsoft Windows.

For Dummies
The...for dummies is a series books that try to explainthing very simply.

The Source (Charmed)
The Source is a fictional character in television series "Charmed".

Takasaki line
The Takasaki line is a 74.7 kilometer railway line that runs from Omiya station in Saitama Prefecture to Takasaki Station in Gunma Prefecture.

Red Panda
The Red Panda  is a mammal.

Refraction
Refraction is change in direction a wave, caused by change in wave's speed.

Psychedelic mushroom
Psychedelic mushrooms is given to certains mushrooms.

Harold Godwinson
Harold Godwinson King Harold IId (c.

Spanish Armada
The Armada was a navy fleet famous for being used by Spain's King Philip II to attack Britain in 1588.

Frank Griswold
The Most Reverendk Tracy Griswold III was Presidingop Primate Episcopal Church in United States America.

Sun
The Sun is star object in our solar system.

Sign cross
The sign cross is a physical gesture made by Catholics.

Seljuk dynasty
The Seljuks re a Muslim dynasty.

Jell-O
Jell-O is a company owned by Kraft Foods that makes jelly desserts.

Pteranodon
Pteranodon was a pterosaur from Late Cretaceous period.

Richard IId
Richard II  was son Edward Black Prince, Prince Wales, "The Fair Maid Kent".

Drinker
Drinker was a dinosaur from North America.

Franzd (band)
Franzd are a popular indie rock band from Glasgow,d.

Kress Stores
S.

Henry Vd
Henry Vd  was Kingd from 1413 to 1422.

Athlete's foot
Athlete's Foot is a condition where foot is dry cracked, which can be mildly.

Back
The word back has several meanings.

Reflection
Reflection is change in direction a wave at a boundary between two different media, so that wave moves back into same medium from which it came from.

Caspian Sea
The Sea is lake on Earth by both area volume, with a surface area 371,000 square kilometres  a volume 78,200 cubic kilometres .

Complementary angles
Complementary angles are two angles than whenir measurements are added together is equal to 90 degrees .

Civil rights
Civil rights are rights that all people in same country should have.

Ununpentium
Ununpentium is a chemical element.

Ununseptium
Ununseptium is temporary a chemical element.

The World Factbook
"The World Factbook", also known as "CIA World Factbook", is a book that contains Central Intelligence Agency's information about world's countries.

Taco
A taco is a traditional food that consists a tortilla that is rolled folded around a filling.

Gerard Way
Gerard Arthur Way is an singer.

Emerson, Lake & Palmer
Emerson, Lake & Palmerre a progressive rock group.

Newark, New Jersey
Newark is city in New Jersey.

Aeolic Greek
Aeolic Greek was a dialect Greek language that was spoken on island Lesbos nearbys Asia Minor.

Myst
"Myst" is a computer game released in 1993.

Father Christmas
Father Christmas is for Santa Claus.

Wham!
Wham! was a pop band.

George Michael
George Michael  is an singer-songwriter.

Chink
Chink is a rude derogatory insult for a person.

Spermicide
Spermicide is a substance that kills sperm before it can enter vagina.

Big Brother (TV series)
"Big Brother" is a reality television series that involves people  living in a house for a period time  in hope winning a cash prize.

Euphonium
The euphonium is a brass instrument.

Prophylaxis
Prophylaxis is a Greek word that means "to guard prevent beforehand".

Abu Bakr
Abū Bakr (c.

Lemon
The lemon is common for "Citrus Lemon." A lemon is a yellow citrus fruit, it is related toange.

Elevator
An elevator is a machine that can move people things up down.

Billy Bragg
Stephen William Bragg , known as Billy Bragg, is an singer guitarist.

Budweiser
Budweiser is a popular beer.

Shi'a Islam
Shi'a Islam, also Shi'ism  is a denomination Islamic faith.

Brixton riot (1981)
The Brixton riot April 11, 1981 was three riots in Brixton, London, riot in London.

Caudipteryx
Caudipteryx was a feathered dinosaur.

Protarchaeopteryx
Protarchaeopteryx was a feathered dinosaur from China.

Pentaceratops
Pentaceratops was a verye ceratopsian dinosaur.

Greenwich Time
Greenwich Time is an internationally standard timeat.

Reciprocal
1 divided by a number gives reciprocal that number.

2006 in spaceflight
Launches.

British Museum
The Museum in London is world's important museums human history culture.

Dexter (TV series)
Dexter is a television series that is being shown on Showtime television network.

Python (programming language)
Python is a programming language that was made to look be easy to read.

Back to Future
Back to Future is a movie.

Stargate
Plot.

Arthur Schopenhauer
Arthur Schopenhauer  was a philosopher.

2005 Cronulla riots
The 2005 Cronulla riotsre a series violence between white mobs.

1992 Los Angeles riots
The 1992 Los Angeles riots, also called Rodney King uprising Rodney King riots, started on April 29, 1992 when a jury set four white police men free.

Hypotenuse
The hypotenuse is side opposite 90 degrees angle in a right triangle.

Niðavellir
In Norse Mythology, Niðavellir are dark fields, mentioned in Völuspa.

Python
Python is given to a number constricting snakes.

Consultation (Bahá'í practice)
Consultation is a special way discussing problems making decisions used by Bahá'ís.

Serbian language
The language is spoken in Serbia, Croatia, Montenegro Bosnia Herzegovina.

Namaste
Namaste is a greeting used a lot in many East countries.

Xylem vessel
Xylem is water transporter cells plants.

Confluence
In geography, confluence means meeting two more waterways.

Neural network
A Neural network is an artificial system .

Werra
The Werra is a river in centraly.

Blackout
In medicine, word Blackout is a amnesia.

Muspelheim
Muspelheim  is realm fire, in Norse mythology.

Jötnar
A Jotun Jötun in Norse mythology, is a giant.

BBC Sports Personality Year
The "BBC Sports Personality Year" is an award that is given to a sportsperson in December every year.

Labyrinth
The Labyrinth is a palace built by Daedalus byder King Minos Crete to hold his son, Minautor, a bloodthirsty man with a bull head.

Amnesia
Amnesia is a doctors call a loss disturbance memory.

Icarus
Icarus is son Daedalus.

Sportscene
Sportscene is a television programme.

Trauma
Trauma is doctors have for an injury.

Madeleine L'Engle
Madeline L'Engle is an writer.

Henry Hudson
Henry Hudson  was an explorer.

Clara Bow
Clara Gordon Bow was an actress.

Warm-blooded
Warm-blooded animals are animals who can control temperatureir body.

Sales quote
A sales quote is an estimated amount that a person sellingthing gives to a customer.

MapleStory
MapleStory is an online computer game made by company Wizet, maintained distributed by Nexon.

Kiwa hirsuta
Kiwa hirsuta is a crustacean that was found living on Pacific floor at 7200 feet deep, 900 miles south Easterd in March 2005.

Parallel (geometry)
Notice that even ifse two line segmentsre,re would never be a point intersection between twom.

Mount Fuji
Mount Fuji  is highest mountain in.

Nu metal
Nu metal is a style metal music that uses elements hip hop heavy metal music.

Ketsumeishi
Ketsumeishi is hip hop group.

Impreza
Impreza is a automobile.

Takai
Takai are a comedy pair from Hokkaido,.

Alain Prost
Alain Prost was a French automobile racer Formula One World Champion.

B'z
B'z is a rock band.

K-1
K-1 is a kickboxing competition.

PRIDE Fightingips
PRIDE Fightingips was a mixed martial artsganization based in. PRIDE held more than sixty mixed martial arts events.

University Tokyo
The University Tokyo is national university.

Implicit derivatives
Implicit derivatives are derivative functions that are not given inula_1...

Howard Carter
Howard Carter  was an archaeologist.

2004 riots
The Riots on 14 February 2004re started in inner Sydney suburb after death Thomas 'TJ' Hickey, a 17 year old Aborigine.

Fingering
Fingering means: choosing which finger to use for each note when playing a piece on a musical instrument.

Rhön
The Rhön Mountains are a group low mountains in centraly, in states Hesse, Bavaria Thuringia.

Piece
A piece is a bitthing.

LZ 129 Hindenburg
The LZ 129 Hindenburg was ae airship, built in 1936.

Vogelsberg Mountains
The Vogelsberg Mountains are a group low mountains in centraly, located in middle state Hessen.

Fulda River
The Fulda is a river in Hesse,y.

Headstream
Headstream headwater is a stream that create atir confluence a new river stream.

Emo
Emo is a music that is for "emotional hardcore".

Gonadotropin
Gonadotropins  are hormones.

De Motory
The De Motory was a car manufacturered by John De in 1975.

Stargate SG-1
"Stargate SG-1" is a science fiction television program.

Stargatetis
Stargatetis is a television series.

Code Lyoko
Code Lyoko is a French animated television series.

Enchilada
Enchilada is a traditional dish.

Sugar Sugar Rune
Sugar Sugar Rune is a manga.

Byzantine art
Byzantine art means art Empire from about century until Falltinople in 1453.

Hel (realm)
Hel is nine worlds Norse mythology.

Wrigley, Northwest Territories
Wrigley is a community in Northwest Territories.

Tabulating machine
The tabulating machine was a machine 1890 United States census.

FreeBASIC
FreeBASIC is a programming language QuickBASIC.

Bohrium
Bohrium is a chemical element.

Fermium
Fermium is a chemical element.

Longitudinal wave
In a longitudinal wave,icles do not move with wave.

Southbridge, Massachusetts
Southbridge is a city in state Massachusetts.

Tibetan language
The language is a language Tibets China,s Occupiedmir in Ladakh area, Republic India states Himachalchal, Nepal nearly all.

Aschaffenburg
Aschaffenburg is a city instconia.

Most Valuable Player
In sports, a Most Valuable Player award is an honour given to player players a team that performed better than other players throughout a league contest.

Stoat
A stoat is a mammal family Mustelidae.

Icon (disambiguation)
An icon, from Greek word for image, is a picturething holy divine.

Icon
An icon  is an image, picture, representation which has a religious meaning.

Easternity
Easternity means traditions churches which developed in Greece,s, Europe, Asia Minor, Middle East, northeastern Africa southern India over several centuries religious antiquity.

Love Hina
Love Hina is a manga created by Ken Akamatsu.

Super Nintendo Entertainment System
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System  is a 16-bit video game console created by Nintendo.

Sega Saturn
The Sega Saturn is a 32-bit video game console made by Sega.

Iðunn
Iðunn is a goddess in Norse Mythology.

Goldeneye 007 (video game)
Goldeneye 007 is a video game on Nintendo 64.

List dinosaurs
The following is a list dinosaurs.

Oronzio Maldarelli
Oronzio Maldarelli was an born sculptor artist.

Brights
The Brights is a group that was started by Paul Geisert Mynga Futrell to make a that sounds for people who have views on life based on nature .

Dish
Dish can mean a plate pan for food a food meal.

Hinge
A hinge isthing that connects two objects letsm rotate.

Visible light
Visible light is light that can be seen by human eye.

Instrument
An instrument can be mean refer to several things.

Producer
Producer isthing that creates thing being.

Italian Wine
Italian wines are produced in Italy, oldest wine producing region, are among wines in world.

SG Essen
The SG Essen  is a swimming club in Essen .

Western civilization
Western civilization culture is made up North America, Central America, South America, Europe fromd to Moscow, Russia, asll as Australia, Newd, Philippines.

E (mathematical constant)
e is a mathematical constant.

Monster
The term Monster can mean different things.

Platelet
A platelet is a cell fragment that circulates in blood.

Eastern Europe
Politically, "Eastern Europe" may in fact cover all northeastern Eurasia, since Russia is single transcontinental country.

Eastern Bloc
During Cold War, term Bloc  was to Soviet Union its allies in Central Europe .

Truthiness
Truthiness is a word used by Stephen Colbert.

Multi-core
A multi-core CPU is a computer processor which has two more sections.

Western Bloc
The Bloc during Cold War means powers allied with United States NATO against Soviet Union Warsaw Pact.

Free world
The Free World is a term that was used during era Cold War.

2006 Dublin riots
The 2006 Dublin riotsre a series riots.

Warsaw Pact
The Warsaw Pact Warsaw Treatyization wasficiallyd Treatyip, Co-operation Mutualce, was anganization Central Communist states.

Central Europe
Central Europe is region lying between areas Europe.

Four-wheel drive
A Four-wheel drive , all-wheel drive, AWD) is a vehicle on which all four wheels get power from engine to move forward.

2D
2D Two Dimensional uses two parameters: width length.

Microraptor
Microraptor was a feathered dinosaur.

Opera (web browser)
Opera is a set tools for internet that includes ab browser, e-mail, IRC Chat.

Orange (fruit)
Anange is a type citrus fruit which peopleten eat.

Diplodocus
"Diplodocus" was a huge dinosaur from same time as "Allosaurus".

Onion
Onions are vegetables.

Universal House Justice
The Universal House Justice is a council that leads Bahá'í community.

Logitech
Logitech is a company that makes things for computers video game consoles.

Bacteriophage
A bacteriophage is a virus that infects bacteria.

Deconstruction
Deconstruction is a way to understand books, poems other writing.

Nihilism
Nihilism is idea that life, world, has no meaning purpose.

Licensed to Ill
"Licensed to Ill" is album Beastie Boys, released on November 1986.

Coronary heart disease
Coronary heart disease, also called coronary artery disease, is a progressive reduction blood to heart muscle because narrowing coronary artery.

Fructose
Fructose is a simple sugar  found in many foods.

Peer pressure
Peer pressure is a force that occurs within a group people.

Cuticle
In biology, a cuticle isthing that coversside living things calledganisms.

Leek
Leek is a vegetable.

Great power
A Great power is a nation state that is able to influece other states in ae world.

Bite
A bite is a wound received from teeth an animal.

Northern Europe
Before century, term 'Nordic' 'Northern' was commonly Europe in a sense that included Nordic countries, Russia, Baltic countries d.

Western Europe
During Cold War "Western Europe" was mainly a socio-political concept meant countries First World.

Southern Europe
Southern Europe is a region continent.

Corsica
Corsica is island in Sea .It is locatedst Italy, southeastce, north island Sardinia.

MASER
A MASER "Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission Radiations" can produce electromagnetic waves by an amplification.

World Wide Web Consortium
The World Wide Web Consortium  is anganisation created by Tim Berners-Lee, inder to continue developmentb, its languages.

List Pterosaurs
This is a list pterosaurs'".

Deinonychus
Deinonychus  was a dinosaur that was 4 feet  tall 10 feet  long.

Cheerleader
A Cheerleader is a person  who does cheerleading, leads cheers.

My Opera Community
The My Opera Community is an online community which provides support from Opera Browser.

Permanent
Permanent used as an adjective usually means thatthing is very hard to get rid destroy.

Linen
Linen is a material made from fibers flax plant .

Hieroglyph
Hieroglyphs  are a type writing.

Papyrus
Papyrus is a paper that Ancients.

Raisin
Raisins are dried grapes.

Tastebud
Tastebuds are 'bumps' on tongue.

Nectar
Nectar, in botany, is a liquid made by flowers plants.

Hunting dog
A hunting dog is any dog who helps humans in hunting.

Purebred dog
Purebred dogs are dogs whose ancestors are all same breed.

MTR
Masssit Railway MTR  is main rapid transit railway system in Hong Kong.

Rib cage
The Ribcage is a skeleton humans animals.

Interview
An interview is a conversation between two people where people is trying to get information from other person.

Athelstan
Athelstan (c.

Firefly (TV series)
"Firefly" is an science fiction television series.

Canute Great
Canute  I, Canute Great  (ca.

Henry II, Holy Emperor
Saint Henry II , called Holy Saint, was last Holy Emperor Saxon dynasty.

SMTP
SMTP Simple Mailsfer Protocol is ab-based mail protocol.

Internet protocol suite
Theet protocol suite, also called TCP/IP for "Transmission Control Protocol /et Protocol".

Conrad II, Holy Emperor
Conrad II (c.

Ottonian dynasty
Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty kingsy,d after its emperor Otto I Great.

Ununbium
Ununbium is a chemical element.

Otto I Great
Otto I Great , son Henry I Fowler, kings, Matilda Ringelheim, was Duke Saxons, Kings Holy Emperor.

Tropic Capricorn
The Tropic Capricorn, tropic, is five major circles latitude a map Earth.

Edward IIId
Edward III  was monarchs Middle Ages.

Wicked Science
Wicked Sciences is an television series.

Harold Wilson
James Harold Wilson, Baron Wilson Rievaulx, KG, OBE, FRS, PC  was prominent politicians century.

Labour Party (UK)
The Labour Party has been, since its founding in early century, principal politicaly left in United Kingdom.

Cyperus papyrus
Cyperus papyrus  is a plant.

Georgia Institute Technology
Georgia Institute Technology is a university inta, Georgia.

Dissident
A dissident is a person who does not agree with an opinion, policy, structure.

Josiah
Josiah was a child king Judah.

Jehoahaz Judah
Jehoahaz was a king Judah.

Antarctic Circle
The Antarctic Circle is five major circles latitude that mark maps Earth.

Toast
Toast is bread which has been put in a toaster.

Toaster
A toaster is a machine which toasts bread.

Swiss cheese
Swiss cheese is a group cheeses with holes inm.

Henry VId
Henry VI  was Kingd from 1422 to 1461n from 1470 to 1471.

Saint-Fons
Saint-Fons is a French city next to Lyon.

Incidental music
Incidental music is music which has been written for a play.

Kayak
A kayak is a boat that is driven by manpower.

Canoe
A canoe is a boat, that isten driven by manpower, but also commonly sailed.

Paddle
A paddle is a tool against liquids, either as a propulsion in a boat for mixing liquids.

Mahdi
The Mahdi/ Mehdi is prophesied savior humanity.

Propulsion tools
For ground propulsion instrument was wheel.

Oar
An oar is a tool-propulsion.

Drama
Drama is a type literature.

Currant
A currant is a type fruit.

Mast
The mast a sailing ship is a tall vertical pole which supports sails.

Juan Manuel Fangio
Juan Manuel Fangio  was a legendary race car driver.

Trunk (botany)
The trunk is main body tree.

Ziziphus
Zizhiphus is a type tree that grows fruit.

Cayenne pepper
The Cayenne pepper is a type Chili pepper.

Tsaagan
Tsaagan was a raptor.

Edward IId
Edward II arfon, was Kingd from 1307 until he was removed from throne in January, 1327.

Richard IIId
Richard III  was an king.

Tampa Bay Rays
The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball team that plays in St.

Flux Of Pinks
Flux Pinks was political punk band.

Canadian Football League
Canadian Football League  is a professional sports league in Canada.

Shorts
Shorts are a trousers pants worn by both men women that reach only to upper legs more, but don't cover entire length leg.

Swimsuit
A swimsuit , bathing suit , aqua jammies swimming costume  is clothing worn for swimming.

Pangram
Pangrams are sentences that have more every letter in an alphabet.

Binary
Binary is a way to show whole numbers using only 1 0.

Great Diver
The Common Loon Great Diver is a bird.

Ziziphus mauritiana
Ziziphus mauritiana  is a type fruit tree.

Azuki
The azuki bean is a type reddish-brown colored bean.

Jalapeño
The Jalapeño is a type pepper.

Gooseberry
The gooseberry is a type fruit.

Quince
The quince is a fruit that grows on trees.

Açaí palm
The Açaí palm  is a type palm tree.

Pomegranate
Theate  is a fruit.

Punt (boat)
A punt is a flat boat with a broad front, in rivers other shallow water.

Moat
A moat is a body water around a castle to keep bad people.

Filter (internet)
A filter is absite feature that removess content.

Online
Online means on internet.

Snowman
A snowman is a statue a person made snow.

Sand castle
Sand castles are castles made sand water.

Utility pole
A utility pole, telegraph pole, telephone pole, power pole, telegraph post is a post pole upon which telephone network equipment is situated.

Upstaging
If a person upstages another person it means that he she makes an audience pay attention to him her instead to other person.

Pylon
A pylon is a tall steel lattice structure overhead electricity conductors for electric power transmission.

High School Musical
"High School Musical" is a 2006 Disney television movie movie, starring Zac Efron, Vanessa Anne Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Corbin Bleu, Monique Lucas Grabeel.

Redcurrant
At  is a type fruit.

Alex Trebek
Alex Trebek  is a television game show host.

Clementine
A clementine is a type citrus fruit.

Ugli fruit
An ugli is a type citrus fruit.

Duralumin
Duralumin is an alloy made up 90% aluminum, 4% copper, 0.5%-1% magnesium, than 1% manganese.

Mango
A mango is a type fruit.

Shuttlecock
A shuttlecock is used in sport badminton.

Janne Da Arc
Janne Da Arc is a rock band.

Olive (fruit)
The olive  is fruit olive tree "oliver".

Killamery
Killamery is a village in Kilkenny,d.

Deutsche Nationalhymne
The National Anthem  is written by Heinrichn von Fallersleben on August 26, 1841.

Speed limit
A speed limit is a legal limit on how fast a person can makeir road vehicle go.

Pure pwnage
Pure Pwnage is anet video series.

Nun
Nun is a woman who made a special vow  dedicating herself to a religious life.

List Formula One World Drivers' Champions
The Formula One World Drivers'ip  is given by Fédérationationale de l'Automobile  to Formula One race car driver with points over a season.

Henry I Fowler
Henry I Fowler   was duke Saxony from 912 kings from 919 until his death.

Propeller
A propeller makes an aircraft, ship, submarine in water air go by making a wind a strong stream.

Fluid
A fluid is a substance that can easily move change shape such as water , air , plasmas.

Shelter
A shelter is a place whereonething is put in goes to be kept safe hidden.

Snowflake
Snowflakes are ice crystals that fall from sky,ing snow.

Zaiger's Genetics
Zaiger's Genetics is an company that breeds fruit trees.

Almond
The almond is a tree in family Rosaceae.

Prunus
Prunus is a genus plants in family Rosaceae.

Yellow Avens
Yellow Avens is a type flowering plant It is found in warmer areas North America, Asia Europe.

Crabapple
A crabapple is a fruit.

Water Avens
Water Avens are a flowering plant.

Ume
An Ume is a type plum family Rosaceae.

Filipendula
Filipendula is a family 12 flowering plants in family Rosaceae.

Mountain-mahogany
Mountain-mahogany is a family 6 types shrub.

Dryas (plant)
Dryas Mountain Avens is a type flowering plant in family Rosaceae.

Acaena
Acaena is a group shrubs.

The Yellow Rose Texas (flower)
The Yellow Rose Texas  is a flower in family Rosaceae.

Ya pear
The Ya pear white pear is a type pear.

Roseraie de L'Haÿ
Roseraie du Val-de-Marne is a garden roses.

Monochrome
Monochrome comes from two Greek words "mono"  "chroma" .

Semitone
  is musical interval used in music..

Vaud
Vaud is a cantond.

Malvern,ire
Malvern is a town inire,d.

Airfoil
An airfoil  is shape a wing blade  as seen in cross-section.

Silly Putty
Silly Putty  is a silicone plastic "clay", sold as a toy for children by "Binney & Smith Inc.".

Maloideae
The maloidae is a subfamily plants in rose family Rosaceae.

Rowan
A is a type fruit-bearing plant in family Rosaceae.

Fragaria × vescana
Fragaria × vescana is a plant in family Rosaceae.

.htaccess
.htaccess is a type computer file foret..htaccess files can be custom error pages, to prevent visitors from directly linking pictures, also known as hot-linking toir own sites, costingbsite owner money.

Butcher
A Butcher is person whose job is to prepare sell meat.

Hot-linking
Hot-linking is a term used onet.

Mount Adams (Washington)
Mount Adams is-highest mountain in Pacific Northwest North America.

Dazaifu
Dazaifu is a city in prefecture Fukuoka.

Nuclear power
Nuclear power is controlled use nuclear energy.

Software versioning
Software Versioning is a way to tell different states Computer software apart.

Sympathy
Sympathy exists when feelings emotions person lead to similar feelings in another person so thaty share feeling.

Puddle
A puddle is a mass liquid, usually water, uncontained on a surface.

Beam (structure)
A beam is an element that carries load.

Organ (music)
In music, angan is a keyboard instrument which makes sound by forcing air through pipes.

Twin
Twins are two animal fspring that are born from same pregnancy.

Ceiling
A ceiling is an overhead interior surface a room that conceals underside floor roof structure above.

Column
A column in architecture is a vertical element that transmitsight structure above to structure below.

Keyboard instrument
A keyboard instrument is an instrument that is played by pressing keys a keyboard.

Bow (ship)
The bow is forward hull a ship boat, point that is forward when vessel is underway.

Elderberry
Elder Elderberry is a several similar types shrubs.

Jambul
Jambul Jamung , Nava Pazham  is an evergreen tropical tree in flowering plant family Myrtaceae, native to India Indonesia.

Rambutan
A rambutan is a fruit tree from southeast Asia.

Tangerine
A tangerine is a type fruit.

Jackfruit
Jackfruits are a type fruit from India,  Sri Lanka.

Vaccinium arboreum
"Vaccinium arboreum"  is a species Vaccinium native to south-eastern United States.

Vaccinium
Vaccinium is a genus plants.

Cantaloupe
A cantaloupe is a type fruit.

Smash (album)
"Smash" is The Offspring's albums.

Ilama (fruit)
Ilama is a fruit, also tree that it grows on.

The Offspring (album)
"The Offspring" is debut album by band same title.

Apples, Vaud
Apples is a municipality ind.

Fukuoka, Fukuoka
is city on islandu,.

Finance
Some simple finance ideas.

Governor General Canada
Theor General Canada is person who represents Canada's Queen .

Noah's Ark
Noah's Ark, according to Book Genesis  in Bible, was a ship that saved Noah other seven members his family from Great Flood.

Joseph Barbera
Josephd "Joe" Barbera  was an animator, cartoon artist, storyboard artist, director, producer, co-founder, together with William Hanna, Hanna-Barbera.

William Hanna
William Denby "Bill" Hanna  was an animator, director, producer, cartoon artist, co-founder with Joseph Barbera Hanna-Barbera.

Hanna-Barbera
Hanna-Barbera was a company that made cartoons.

Australian
Australian is language used in Australia.

Spruce
Spruce are trees genus "Picea", a genus about 35 species coniferous evergreen trees in Family Pinaceae, found in northern temperate taiga regions earth.

Christmas tree
A Christmas tree Tannenbaum is popular traditions associated with celebration Christmas.

Cell division
Cell division is process by which a cell, called parent cell, divides into two cells, called daughter cells.

Saparmurat Niyazov
Saparmurat Niyazov  was President.

Temperate
In geography, temperate latitudes globe lie between tropics polar circles.

Lithuanian language
The language is a Baltic language.

Depeche Mode
Depeche Mode are an band.

Gingivitis
Gingivitis is inflammation gums around teeth.

Taiga
Taiga  is characterized by coniferous forests.

Conifer
The conifers, also known as division Coniferae, are cone-bearing seed plants woody plants, are trees with just a few being shrubs.

Binomial nomenclature
In biology, binomial nomenclature is how species are called.

System
System ) is a group related things, that work with each other.

Valenciaange
The Valenciaange is anange made by agronomist William Wolfskill, on his farm in Santa Ana.

Papaya
The papaya, also known as mamão, tree melon, fruta bomba, lechosa , pawpaw is fruit tree "Carica papaya", in genus "Carica".

Flowering plant
Flowering plants  are familiar land plants.

Amanda Michalka
Amanda Joy "AJ" Michalka  is an singer actress fromce, California, USA.

Salmonberry
Salmonberries are a type fruit.

Grape tomato
A grape tomato is a, usually oblong tomato.

Adolf von Henselt
Adolf von Henselt , Silesia, October 10 1889 was a pianist composer.

Cherry tomato
The Cherry Tomato is a type tomato that is a fruit.

Binary star
A binary star is a pair two stars whichbit around each other.

Imperial unit
The Imperial units Imperial system is a collection measurement units.

Comparison Imperial US customary systems
The imperial U.S.

Stone (unit)
The stone is a unit mass in imperial system.

Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Maccabi Haifa F.

Tundra
In physical geography, tundra is an area where tree growth is hindered by low temperatures growing seasons.

Tree line
The tree-line timberline is edge habitat at which trees can grow.

Lift (force)
The lift force, lifting force simply lift is sum all forces on a body that force him to move upwards .

Tropics
The tropics are region Earth near to equator between Tropic Cancer in northern hemisphere Tropic Capricorn in southern hemisphere.

Mountjaro
Kilimanjaro ,ly Kaiser-Wilhelm-Spitze, is a mountain in northeasternia.

Tropical climate
A tropical climate is a type climate typical in tropics.

Alpine tundra
Alpine tundra is a type geological terrain.

Fumarole
A fumarole  is an opening in crust Earth,ten in neighborhood volcanoes, where steam gases come, for instance carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, hydrogen sulfide.

Köppen climate classification
The Köppen climate classification is widely used climate classification systems.

Unkel
Unkel is a city in district Neuwied,d-Palatinate, in countryy.

Polar circle
A polar circle is either Arctic Circle Antarctic Circle.

Seine
The Seine  is a major river north-westernce.

Walk
Walking is how people travel on foot.

Horizon
The horizon  is line that separates earth from sky.

Arid
An arid environment has a high deficit rainfall snow.

Muon
The Muon is an elementaryicle.

Magnoliopsida
Magnoliopsida dicotyledons is a class plants in taxonomy.

Cardiopulmonary resuscitation
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation  is emergency aid given to a person who has had a heart attack cardiac arrest.

Airén
An airén is a type white grape wine.

Jean Sibelius
Jean Sibelius  8 December 1865; died Järvenpää, 20 September 1957) was a composer.

Schutzstaffel
The , abbreviated  SS , was ae security militaryganization National Socialist Workers Party  iny.

Logarithm
Logarithms logs are a mathematics.

William Penn
William Penn  was an colonial leader.

Babe Ruth
George Ruth, Jr.

Korn
Korn  is a Grammy Award-winning band from Bakersfield, California.

Aspirin
Aspirin is a drug.

Víctor Jara
Víctor Jara  was a singer from Chile, South America.

World Wrestling Entertainment
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.

Scutellosaurus
Scutellosaurus was a thyreophoran dinosaur from Early Jurassic period.

London Eye
The London Eye, also known as Millennium Wheel is observation wheels  in world.

Finlandia (Symphonic Poem)
"Finlandia" is a symphonic poem by composer Sibelius.

Transpiration
Transpiration is evaporation water / loss water froms plants that areside earth, especially leaves but also stems, flowers fruits.

Stomates
In botany, a stoma  is a tiny opening pore that is exchange.

Leopold Mozart
Johann Georg Leopold Mozart  was a composer, music teacher violinist.

Famine
Famine is a situation wherere is not enough food for people to eat.

Frequency modulation
Frequency Modulation  is a way broadcasting radio signals.

Monty Hall Problem
The Monty Hall problem is a puzzle.

Emergency telephone number
An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be contact emergency services for assistance.

Satellite city
Satellite cities are cities that are next to ae city that is center a metropolitan area.

Shanty town
Shanty towns are towns inskirts many cities – especially in world countries.

Pterodactyloidea
Pterodactyloidea is a suborder pterosaurs.

Michael Praetorius
Michael Praetorius  was a composer,ganist musicorist.

Denver Broncos
The Denver Broncos are a football team in National Football League.

Indianapolis Colts
Theapolis Colts are a football team inapolis,a.

Prometheus
Prometheus was a in Greek mythology.

Pitch (music)
In music pitch a note means how high low a note is.

Congregation
A congregation is a group people who have come together  forthing, usually for religious worship.

Technique
Technique means skill: it could be playing a musical instrument playing a sport even doingthing simple using a corkscrew.

Soursop
The Soursop also known as Zuurzak is a type fruit that grows on a tree.

Pond-apple
A pond-apple is a type fruit.

High low
High low are terms altitude.

Pore
A pore, in general, is opening, usually very.

Vegetation
Vegetation means plant life a region plant community.

Player killing
Player Killing  is a online gaming with real people.

Sebaceous gland
The sebaceous glands are glands found in skin mammals.

Microorganism
A microorganism "microbe" is a living thing  that is too to be visible to human eye .

Amoeba
"Amoeba" ameba isll-known as unicellularganism.

Laboratory
A laboratory  provides controlled conditions in which scientific research, experiments, measurement may be performed.

Last Of The Conquerors
"Last Conquerors" is a 1948 novel by novelist William Gardner Smith.

Id Software
id Software is an video game company.

Pseudopods
Pseudopods pseudopodia  are a special way amoebas to changeir to be able to move.

Heretic (video game)
"Heretic" is a-person shooter video game made by ID Software for computers.

Locomotion
In a general sense, locomotion simply means active movement travel, not only biological individuals.

Meerkat
A meerkat is a mammal that lives in Kalahari Desert in southern Africa.

Ferrara
Ferrara is a city in Italy.

Modena
Modena is a city in Italy.

Worms (video game)
"Worms" is a video game where player controls little cartoon worms who fight withapons.

Diablo (video game)
"Diablo" is a fantasy role playing computer game.

Therizinosaurus
Therizinosaurus  was a huge omnivorousropod dinosaur from end Cretaceous period.

Therizinosaur
Therizinosaursre dinosaurs from Late Cretaceous period..

Prune
Prunes are dried plums.

Aamras
Aamras is pulp mangos that is usually eaten in India.

Hexen
"Hexen" is a person shooter video game.

Ratchet &k (series)
"Ratchet &k" is a series video games.

Diablo II
Diablo II is a fantasy action Role-playing computer game.

Edward Martyr
King Edward Martyr Eadweard II (c.

Angel (TV series)
"Angel" is a spin-off from television series "Buffy Vampire Slayer".

Corfe Castle
Corfe Castle is a village ruined castle  dating back to century, situated in a gap in Purbeck Hills, five miles south Wareham, in Dorset,d.

Stirrup
The stirrup is a ring with a flat bottom fixed on a leather strap, usually hung from each side a saddle to create a footrest for rider on a riding animal , suspended by an adjustable strap from saddle for use as a support for foot a rider a horse when seated in saddle as an aid in getting up.

Ultrasauros
Ultrasauros  was an invalid discovery a sauropod dinosaur.

Ultrasaurus
Ultrasaurus  was an extremely huge sauropod dinosaur.

Château-d'Œx
is a commune in Vaud cantond.

Relics
A relic is an object, especially a piece body a personal itemone religious importance, that wasly preserved with an air veneration as a memorial that you can touch.

John Major
Sir John Major  KG, CH is a politician who was Prime Minister United Kingdom from 1990 to 1997.

Canon (music)
A canon is a piece music in which two more voices  sing play same music starting at different times.

Spencer Perceval
Spencer Perceval  was a statesman Prime Minister.

Canon
“Canon” comes from a Latin word meaning “rule” “law”.

Carolus Linnaeus
Carolus Linnaeus  was a botanist, physician zoologist who created Binomial nomenclature.

Botanist
Botanists are scientists who study plants, flowers, plant-like things such as moss seaweed.

Modulation (music)
Modulation, in music, means that music changes key.

Relative key
When a piece music is in a major key, relative minor means minor key which has same key signature.

Electrolysis
Electrolysis is a scientific way "splitting" substances.

Jurassic
The Jurassic period is periods geological time scale.

Triassic
The Triassic period is periods geological time scale.

Chromatic
A chromatic scale is a musical scale which uses every note as it goes up down i.e.

Nelson Rockefeller
Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller  was an politician businessman.

Pillar
A pillar is another word for a column, which is a vertical support structure in architecture.

Bier
A bier is a flat frame, traditionally wooden buttimes made other materials, a corpse for burial in a funeral procession.

Coffin
A coffin  is a funerary box used in display containment deceased remains -- either for burial after cremation.

Agentge
Agentge is a very herbicide that was used in Vietnam War.

Naruto
Naruto  is a anime  made byiimoto.

Mobster
"Mobster" is a slang term forone who is mafia a mafia-like group.

Sergio Leone
Sergio Leone  was an film director.

Ban Ki-moon
Ban Ki-moon  is a South politician.

Italian
An is an descent.

Municipalities canton Vaud
This is a list articles in canton Vaudd.

Samuel Alito
Samuel Anthony Alito, Jr.

Housentatives
A Housentives is a legislatures, which are law-making bodies.

Abigail Johnson
Abigail Johnson  is an businessperson.

William Wrigley, Jr.
William Wrigley Jr.

Dan Marino
Danieltine Marino, Jr.

Joea
Joseph Clifforda, Jr.

Hall Fame
A Hall Fame is a type museum for awards in certain areas where awards can be given, for example sport, art,atre, music, agriculture, military many more areas.

Once Upon a Time in America
"Once Upon a Time in America" is a 1984 movie directed by Sergio Leone starring Robert De Niro James Woods as gangsters.

Liu-bo
Liu-bo is an martial art.

Ui Miyazaki
is a female voice actor from Tokyo,.

Edward Elder
Edward Elder (c.

Ælfweard Wessex
Aelfweard  was briefly King Wessex following death his father, Edward Elder.

Edmund Id
Edmund I , called Elder, Deed-Doer Magnificent, was Kingd from 939 until his death.

Beak
A beak is nose mouth a bird octopus.

Coral
Coral is a group many similar types very animals that live in ocean.

Lenny Loosejocks
Lenny Loosejocks is a fictional character.

Sweyn I Denmark
Sweyn I, Sweyn Forkbeard, , was King Denmark from about 985 - February 2, 1014 Kingd from December 25 1013 - February 2, 1014.

Blue Lineational
Blue Lineational is an international maritime company.

Split Tours
Split Tours is a ship travel company.

Flainval
Flainval is a town ince.

Dombasle-sur-Meurthe
Dombasle-sur-Meurthe is a town ince.

Saint-Nicolas-de-Port
Saint-Nicolas-de-Port is a town ince.

Footballer
A footballer is a person that plays football.

Tex Avery
Frederick "Fred/Tex" Avery  was an animator, cartoonist, director.

Edgar Atheling
Edgar Atheling c.

McIntosh
The is a type apple.

Municipalities canton Bern
There are 400 municipalities in canton Bern ,d.

Edgard
King Edgar Eadgar I  was younger son King Edmund Id.

Mozilla Thunderbird
Mozilla Thunderbird is a free cross-platform e-mail client news reader developed by Mozilla Foundation.

List U.S. state mottos
Here is a list state mottos for states United States.

Sauropsid
Sauropsids are a diverse group vertebrate animals.

Conservation status
The conservation status a species is an indicatorlihood that species continuing to survive either in present day future.

Abstract algebra
The personn makesories.

List U.S. state slogans
Here is a list U.S.

Geodesic
In mathematics a geodesic is a curve with length between two places on a surface.

Anarcho-syndicalism
Anarcho-syndicalism is a anarchism.

Trotskyism
Trotskyism is Communism that is based on ideas Leon Trotsky.

A Dollars
"A Dollars"  is a Spaghetti movie directed by Sergio Leone starring Clint Eastwood.

For a Few Dollars More
"For a Few Dollars More"  is a Spaghetti movie directed by Sergio Leone starring Clint Eastwood.

The Good, Bad Ugly
"The Good, Bad Ugly"  is a Spaghetti movie directed by Sergio Leone starring Clint Eastwood.

Ennio Morricone
Ennio Morricone  is an classical composer famous for making film scores.

XTC
XTC is an new wave band from Swindon,d.

Roh Moo-hyun
Roh Moo-Hyun is a President South Korea.

Kim Tae Jung
Kim Tae Jung  was a South president.

Kim Young-sam
Kim Young-sam  was President South Korea from February 25, 1993 to February 25, 1998.

Roh Tae-woo
Roh Tae-woo , is President South Korea .

Chun Doo-hwan
Chun Doo-hwan  was a militaryficer President South Korea from 1980 to 1988.

Choi Kyu-ha
Choi Kyu-hah   was President South Korea between 1979 1980.

Pak Chŏng Hŭi
Pak Chŏng Hŭi   was president Republic Korea from 1961 to 1979.

Yun Poson
Yun Bo-seon  was President South Korea from 1960 to 1962.

Rhee Syng-man
Syngman Rhee Lee Yee Sung-man  was president South Korea.

Psychonauts
Psychonauts is a video game created by Double Fine for Xbox, Playstation 2, PC about psychics called Psychonauts.

Sum 41
Sum 41  is a pop punk band from Ajax, Ontario.

Canonisation
Canonization means declaringone to be a saint.

Dunstan
Dunstan  was anop Canterbury  who was later canonized as a saint.

Ramananda Prasad
Ramananda Prasad  is founderational Gita Society.

Kamala Nehru Park
Kamala Nehru Park is a park in India.

Stronghold
Stronghold means castle any other strongly fortified place.

Weimar (Lahn)
Weimar  is a community in state Hesse.

Lord
A Lord  is a person who has power authority.

Interval (music)
An interval in music means distance between two notes .

Musical mode
Modes in music are a scale.

Sharp
Sharp means thatthing can cut easily.

Lúcuma
Lucuma fruits are found in Peru.

Southwest Asia
Southwest Asia Asia is Asia that includes Middle East.

Jane Eyre
"Jane Eyre" is a book written by Charlotte Brontë.

Gifhorn
Gifhorn is a city in state Lower Saxony.

Fortification
Fortifications are military constructions buildings during war.

Neurosurgery
Neurosurgery is surgical discipline that focuses on treatment central peripheral nervous system diseases that are treatable with mechanical intervention.

Conjoined twins
Conjoined twins are twins whose bodies are joined together at birth.

Military United States
The President United States isder-in-Chief Armed Forces.

Xiao
The xiao is a musical instrument.

Michael Diamond
Michael Diamond, better known as Mike D , is an rapper.

Defensive wall
A defensive wall is a fortification a city from potential aggressors.

Autolycuse
Autolycuse (ca.

Hadrian's Wall
Hadrian's Wall  is a stone sod fortification built by Empire in northernd to prevent military attacks by tribes.

Brigantes
Thetesre a Celtic tribe who lived between rivers Tyne Humber.

Kinship
Kinship is basic principleganizing individuals into social groups, roles, categories.

Thierry Henry
Thierry Henry  is a French football player .

Attack
Attack is threat to violate destroything.

Suwałki
Suwałki is a city in northernd in voivodship Podlaskie.

Charge (warfare)
A charge is an action in battle in which soldiers advance towardsir enemy atir in close combat.

Combat
Combat, fighting, is violent conflict between two more personsganizations,ten dominance over opponent.

Hawthorn
Crataegus  is ae genus shrubs in family Rosaceae.

Honeysuckle
Honeysuckles are types shrubs vines in family Caprifoliaceae.

Interpersonal relationship
Interpersonal relationships are social associations, connections, affiliations between two more people.

Intimate relationship
An intimate relationship is an interpersonal relationship with a great deal intimacy.

Intimacy
Intimacy is linked with feelings closeness amongners in a relationship.

Seaborgium
Seaborgium is a chemical element.

Fireworks display
A fireworks event  is a spectacular display effects created by firework devices on various occasions.

Voyager 1
The "Voyager 1" spacecraft is an 815-kilogram unmanned probe solar system beyond, launched September 5, 1977, is currently operational, making it NASA's longest-lasting mission.

Rose hip
Rose hips  are fruit rose plant.

Martin
Martino  is an film director.

Chabad-Lubavitch
Chabad-Lubavitch is a sect Hasidic Jews.

Liese Prokop
Liese Prokop  was an athlete politician.

Austrian People's Party
The People's Party  isies in Austria.

Social Democratic Party Austria
The Social Democratic Party Austria ) is oldest politicalies in Austria.

Mińsk Mazowiecki
Mińsk Mazowiecki  is a town ind.

Rosales
Rosales is ander flowering plants.

Firework
A firework is an explosive pyrotechnic device that is usedly for entertainment.

Pyrotechnics
Pyrotechnics isten thought to be synonymous with manufacture fireworks, but it includes also items for military industrial uses.

Tamagotchi
The Tamagotchi is a handheld electronic toy pet.

Recreativo de Huelva
Real Club Recreativo de Huelva is a football team.

Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series anime)
"Yu-Gi-Oh!" is title anime series based on "Yu-Gi-Oh!" manga.

Factors production
Factors production are means necessary for productions services in economics.

Service
In economics marketing, a service is a that is non-material.

Musicalater
Musicalater  is a performance in aater.

Asset
In business accounting, an asset is an economic resource that can be controlled bybody .

Social Democratic Partyy
The Social Democratic Partyy  is oldest politicalyy that still exists.

Pension
A pension is a steady income given toone.

Role
For role in sense performing arts see: Role  A role  a social role can be described as an expected behaviour an individual.

Aeneas
Aeneas was a prince hero.

Palace
A palace is a place where a grand imposing building that isficial residence a king queen, a head state such as a president, a high-ranking aristocrat church dignitary.

Hasidic Judaism
Hasidic Judaism is a religious movement that was started by Rabbi Israel ben Eliezer, Baal Shem Tov.

Lissa Explains it All
Lissa Explains it All is absite.

Aeneis
The Aeneis  is an epic written by Vergil between 29 19 BC.

Quincy, Illinois
Quincy, Illinois is a city in state Illinois in United States.

Bunk bed
A bunk bed is a stack two more beds.

Cupboard
A cupboard, also known as a cabinet, is a piece furniture.

Great Earthquake
The Great Earthquake Earthquake is earthquake ever recorded.

Photographer
A photographer is a person who takes pictures, "photographs" with a camera.

Spiro Agnew
Spiro Theodore Agnew  was Vice President United States.

Share (finance)
In finance, a share is a unit account for various financial instruments including stocks, mutual funds, limitednerships, REIT's.

Stock
In financial markets, stock is capital that a firm gets by giving distributing shares.

Stock (disambiguation)
A stock is a share ownership in a company.

Bilberry
The bilberry is a type shrub that grows close to ground.

Capital (economics)
Capital has a number related meanings in economics, finance accounting.

Rubus
"Rubus" is a genus plant in family Rosaceae.

Felix Klein
Felix Klein  was a mathematician.

Land (economics)
In economics, land means all natural resources that cannot be produced in a quantity if prices go up, such as geographical locations mineral deposits.

Alyssa Daniels (LEIA)
Alyssa "Lissa" Daniels is anb designer.

Part (music)
In music, a is a line music which is played by player group players .

Videocassette recorder
Videocassette recorder  is an electronic device that plays VHS Beta tapes that contain recordings movies other programs .

DVD player
A DVD player is a device that plays DVDs, "digital video disks".

Labour (economics)
In classical economics all microeconomics labour  is a measure work done by human beings is three factors production, others being land capital.

Unison
Unison is a word meaning “one sound”.

Zach Braff
Zachary Braff  is an television movie actor, director, screenwriter producer.

Scrubs (TV series)
"Scrubs" is an situational comedy "sitcom".

Flashback
A flashback is a technique used by writers.

Widescreen
Widescreen is a videoatten used in movies.

Marketing
Marketing is method to get as many customers as possible.

Kirkkonummi
Kirkkonummi  is a city ind.

Storage
Storage means "act keeping things" "place" where you keepm.

Safety match
A safety match is a device to make fire safely.

Publishing
Publishing is making information available for public view.

Song Dynasty
The Song Dynasty ruled in China from 960-1279.

Great Red Spot
The Great Red Spot is a hurricane on surface planet Jupiter.

Bipolar disorder
Bipolar disorder is a term from psychiatry.

The Left Party.PDS
The Left Party.PDS  was a left-winged politicaly iny.

Laptop
"Laptop" is a computer which is easy to carry around.

Notebook
A notebook is a collection sheets paper, bound as a book leaflet.

InuYasha
Inuyasha is an anime which was based on a manga made by Rumikoi.

Kurt Schumacher
Kurt Schumacher  was a politician.

Free Democratic Party (Germany)
The Free Democratic Party Freie Demokratische Partei, FDP  is a politicaly iny.

Alliance '90/The Greens
Alliance '90/The Greens  is a politicaly iny.

Christian Social Union Bavaria
The Social Union Bavaria Christlich Soziale Union  is a conservative politicaly in state Bavaria.

Christian Democratic Uniony
The Democratic Uniony "Christlich Demokratische Unionds " is two main right centre politicalies iny.

Income
Income is money thatone gets for business activities.

Computation
The Theory Computation is a branch Mathematics.

Jermaine Jackson
Jermaine LaJaune Jackson, now Muhammad Abdul Aziz , is an singer bass guitarist.

Wilhelm Hauff
Wilhelm Hauff  was a poet novelist.

Link (unit)
A link, also called a Gunter’s link, is a unit length in imperial US systems.

Algebraic structure
In mathematics an algebraic structure is a set with, two more binary operations on it.

Rod (unit)
A rod, a perch a pole is a unit length in imperial US systems.

Chain (unit)
A chain is a unit length.

Furlong
A furlong is a measure distance in imperial U.S.

Stefan Zweig
Stefan Zweig  was an writer.

Leewardds (Societyds)
The Leewardds are Societyds in French Polynesia.

Complexityory
Complexityory is a branch Computer science.

Binary operation
In mathematics, a binary operation in a set is a way combinate a pair elements in that set.

Kubuntu
Kubuntu is a version free Linux distribution Ubuntu.

Xubuntu
Xubuntu is a free Linux distribution based on Ubuntu.

Edubuntu
Edubuntu is version Linux distribution Ubuntu.

Dissociative identity disorder
"Dissociative Identity Disorder"  is a diagnosis a mental condition.

Zucchini
The zucchini  is a type vegetable.

Civil service
A civil servant public servant is an employee who works in civilian career public sector for a government department agency.

Employee
An employee is a term for workers managers working for a company anganisation.

Employer
An employer is a person institution that hires employees workers.

Public sector
The public sector is economic administrative life that deals with deliverys services by for government, whether national, regional local/municipal.

Administration
The word "administration" means "giving service" to give a definition it can be understood as processganizing people resources so to direct activities toward common goals.

Kingdom Hearts II
Kingdom Hearts II is a video game for Playstation 2.

Mithril
"Mithril" is a fictional metal from J.

Shaw Crompton
Shaw Crompton is a town in North Westd.

Greater Manchester
Greater Manchester is a county in North Westd.

League (unit)
A league is an old unit length.

Gill (unit)
The gill  is a unit for measuring volume.

Quart
A quart is a unit measurement for volume.

Ampere
The ampere amp  is standard unit electric current.

Newton
The newton  is SI unit force.

Corporation
A corporation is a union natural persons that has its own legal status that is independent from persons involved.

Natural person
In jurisprudence, a natural person is a real human being in contrast to an artificial person, that means anganization that law treats for purposes as if itre a person distinct from its members owner.

Jurisprudence
Modern jurisprudence philosophy law is dominated today primarily by academics.

Legal entity
A legal entity is a legal construct through which law allows a group natural persons to act as ifyre a single person for certain purposes.

Ownership
Ownership means exclusive possession control property, which may be an object, real estate, intellectual property other property.

Possession
Possession means to have control overthing else.

Officer arms
Indficers arms maintain old job a herald - passing on royal messages.

Personal property
Personal property means property that consists object that can be moved from place to another.

Common law
The common law is a legal system.

Non-statutory law
Non-statutory law bases on sources law other than statutory law.

Statutory law
Statutory law is written law  set down by a legislature other governing authority such as executive branch government in response to a functioning government, improve civilder, answer a public need, to codify existing law, for an individual company to obtain special treatment.

Oral law
Anal law are rules human behavior in use in a given culture, religion other groupe, which is transmitted byal tradition respected, a single rule that isally transmitted.

Oral tradition
Oral traditional culture is a way transmitting history, literature law from generation to next in a civilization without a writing system.

Royal Air Cadets
The Royal Air Cadets is a program for youth.

Precedent
In law, a precedent authority is a legal case that established a principle rule that a court may when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues facts.

Legal case
A legal case is a dispute between twoies that is resolved by a court other legal process.

Nasal hair
Nasal hair, Nose hair olfactory cilia are hair-like cells.

Sears Tower
The Sears Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois.

Beetle
Beetles are a insect.

Pope John IX
John IX was pope from 898 to 900.

Houston Steward Chamberlain
Houston Steward Chamberlain  was a writer books.

Arthur de Gobineau
Joseph Arthur Comte de Gobineau  was a French aristocrat.

Staff (music)
A staff  is given to five horizontal lines on which can write music.

Colorado potato beetle
The Colorado potato beetle is called "Leptinotarsa decemlineata" by biologists.

Opiliones
Thegids , Opiliones, Harvestmen are eight-legged invertebrates.

Shikon no Tama
The Shikon no Tama  is fictional magic jewel in anime manga seriesa.

Daddy long-legs spider
The Daddy-Long-Legs Spider  is a spider family Pholcidae.

Crane fly
Crane flies are a type fly in family Tipulidae.

Neville Chamberlain
Arthur Neville Chamberlain,  was a politician, Lord Mayor Birmingham,cellor Exchequer Prime Minister from 1937 to 1940.

Quadratic equation
A quadratic equation is an equation inula_1, where a is not equal to 0.

Attac (organization)
The Association pour la Taxation dessactions pour l'Aide aux Citoyens  is anganization that promotes a tax on foreign exchange transactions, so-called Tobin tax.

Threat
A threat is a declaration intention to inflict punishment harm on another.

Promotion
Promotion means spreading information about an issue.

Issue
Issue may have following special meanings.

Issue (debate)
An issue in context with debate controversy means a point on whichies take affirmative negative positions a presentation alternatives between which to choose decide.An issue debate always has two sides.

Lampyridae
Lampyrideae is a family beetles.

Phengodidae
Phengodidae is a family beetles.

Arachnocampa
Arachnocampa is a family flies.

Rumikoi
Rumikoi（高橋留美子）is a manga artist.

Debate
Debate  debating  is aal method argument.

Alternative
In natural language in cognitive decision-making, alternative is two things//actions which can be chosen.

Momofuko Ando
, born Gô Peh-hok  in  was founder chairman Nissin Food Products Co., Ltd., inventor modern instant noodle, ramen.

Logical disjunction
Logical disjunction is a concept from Logic.

Demon
A demon daemon is a bad being in many world religions.

Central Bank bombing
The Central Bank bombing was deadliest terrorist attacks civil war in Sri Lanka between government Tamil militant LTTE group.

Ledger line
A ledger line is a line notes which would otherwise be too high too low for staff.

Clef
A clef is a sign at beginning a staff music which makes it possible for player to work notes are.

Tobin tax
A Tobin tax is a tax on all trade currency across borders.

Visoko
Visoko is historic town in Bosnia Herzegovina.

Speculation
Speculation has a special meaning when talking about money.

Quarterback
A quarterback  is a position in football.

Arrest
An arrest is a procedure by which a person who is thought to have broken law is taken away into jail so thaty can be placed on trial.

Jos Oehlen
Jos Oehlen, is a Dutch sculptor.

James Tobin
James Tobin  was an economist.

Bretton Woods system
The Bretton Woods system was system value money between different countries.

Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software
Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software is a company that develops publishes video games.

Antiglobalization
Anti-globalization is groups who oppose certain aspects globalization in its present.

Simon Peyton Jones
Simon Peyton Jones  born in South Africa is a computer scientist.

Zambezi River
The Zambezi River is river in Africa.

Truth value
In logic, truth value a logical statement says how much it is true.

Charitableganization
A charitableganization is anganization that supports a cause by fundraising through donations.

Southwest
Southwest southst is direction halfway between southst.

Boris Yeltsin
Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin    was President Russia.

Treasurer
A Treasurer isone who looks after money in a club, company,ganisation government.

Yorkshire
Yorkshire is a historic county ind.

Pixel
A pixel  is a single point in a picture.

Olomouc
Olomouc  is city in Czech Republic.

Astronomical clock
An astronomical clock is a clock in a building.

Hereditary disease
A hereditary disease is a disease which can be passed down through generations same family.

Theobroma
Theobroma is a genus.

Cupuaçu
Cupuaçu , also spelled Cupuassu Copoasu, is a tropical rainforest tree.

Linear search
Linear search sequential search is an algorithm to find an item in a list.

Rosé wine
Rosé wine is a wine.

Array
In programming languages, an array is a way storing several items .

Tierce de Picardie
In music a Tierce de Picardie  is a major chord at end a piece music in a minor key.

Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Jean-Jacques Rousseau,  was a famous French speaking philosopher.

Theodoric Great
Theodoric Great , known tos as Flavius Theodoricus, was king Ostrogoths , ruler Italy , regent Visigoths .

Pumpkin Studios
Pumpkin Studios was a company that created computer video games.

Lublin
Lublin is a city in easternd in voivodship Lublin.

Real-time strategy
Real-time strategy  is a genre computer video games.

Raw material
Raw materials are materials that have not been processed.

Pasta
Pasta is a food made from starch water.

Flour
Flour is grains that have been dried ground into powder.

Boston Tea Party
The Boston Tea Party was a violent protest by colonists against King George III's rule in America.

Cookie
A cookie is a sweet dessert made from flour.

Chocolate chip
Chocolate chips are pieces chocolate.

Encephalopathy
Encephalopathy means disease brain.

Guru Nanak Dev
Guru Nanak Dev  was founder Sikhism, ten Sikh Gurus.

Etruscan civilization
The civilization was a culture in ancient Italy.

Sea
The Sea  is a sea instern Pacific.

Natural environment
Natural environment means all living non-living things that are naturally on Earth.

Natural capital
Natural capital is a metaphor for mineral, plant, animalations Earth's biosphere when viewed as a means production oxygen, water filter, erosion preventer, provider other ecosystem services.

Parkhead
Parkhead is a suburb in east end Glasgow,d.

Oswaldtwistle
Oswaldtwistle is a town near Blackburn.

Prevention
Prevention means action to make sure thatthing does not happen.

Lawn
A lawn is an area land planted with grass,times clover other plants, which are maintained at a low, even height.

Sod
Sod is turf soil beneath it held together by roots, a piece this material.

Marie Curie
Marie Skłodowska–Curie  was a physicist chemist from but lived ince.

Flyover
A flyover is a trick that people do with planes helicopters.

Blue Angels
The Blue Angels are a group special pilots who work for US Navy.

Stuntman
A stuntman is a man a woman who works in television movie production industry.

Means production
Means production , also called means labour are materials, tools other instruments used by workers to make products.

Ecosystem services
To look at way in which ecosystems provides is popular now atford University.

Year 2000 problem
The Year 2000 problem  was a problem that happened because way in which early computer programsre designed.

Biodiversity
Biodiversity biological diversity is variation different lifes within a given ecosystem for entire Earth.

Aberdeen,ington
Aberdeen is a city in stateington.

Julián Padrón
Julián Padrón  was a writer.

Peter Ham
Peter William Ham  was a singer, songwriter guitarist, known as prominent songwriter singer 1970s group Badfinger.

Egalitarianism
Egalitarianism is belief that groups are, should be, equal to another.

English Wikipedia
The Wikipedia is language edition Wikipedia encyclopedia language it.

Jurisdiction
In law, jurisdiction  is authority given to a judge to take decisions in matters concerning law.

Vacherontin
Vacherontin is a Swiss watch manufacture.

Casino
A casino is a place where people can play gambling games to try to win money.

Thermoplastic
Thermoplastic represents a material which becomes soft when heated hard when cooled.

Pete Doherty
Peter Doherty  is an musician.

Polycarbonate
Polycarbonate is transparentrmoplastic.

Natural disaster
A natural disaster is consequence combination a natural hazard  human activities.

Ibanez
Ibanez is company that makes guitars.

Landslide
A landslide includes a wide range ground movement, such as rock falls, deep failure slopes shallow debris flows.

2040s
The decade as a whole.

Americium
Americium is a chemical element.

Daddy Yankee
Ramón "Raymond" Ayala Daddy Yankee  is a Puerto reggaeton singer.

Phoenix Suns
The Phoenix Suns are a basketball team that plays in National Basketball Association .

Debris
Debris in a general sense means man-made garbage.

Waste heat
Waste heat is by-product heat machines technical processes for which no application is found.

Kingda Ka
Kingda Ka is a steel roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, USA.

Vulnerability
Vulnerability means extent to which changes can hurt harm a person a system.

Harm
Harm is physical psychological emotional damage injury to a person, animal other entity.

Liquid crystal display
Liquid crystal display is a type monitor based on liquid crystal technology.

Body language
Body language means way humans showir feelings  withir bodies.

Plagiarism
Plagiarism is copying another person's ideas, words writing pretending thaty are's own work.

Rickshaw
A riksha rickshaw is a vehicle that has two wheels.

Water content
Water content means amount water a porous medium contains.

Soil moisture
Soil moisture is amount water present in soil.

Milo Ventimiglia
Milo Anthony Ventimiglia  is an actor.

Black metal
Black metal is a style metal music that started in early 1980s.

Darkness
Darkness is whenre is no light.

Des O'Connor
Desmond "Des" Bernard O'Connor  is an television presenter singer.

Tony Romo
Antonio "Tony" Ramiro Romo  is an football quarterback who plays for Dallas Cowboys National Football League.

Guster
Guster is an alternative rock band from America.

Carmelo Anthony
Carmelo Anthony is an basketball player for Denver Nuggets.

Dallas Mavericks
The Dallas Mavericks are an basketball team from Dallas, Texas.

Walter Payton
Walter Payton  was an football player.

Christopher Benfey
Christopher Benfey  is an writer.

Across
Across can mean "on opposite side" "from side to another" .

Harthacanute
Harthacanute   was King Denmark from 1035 to 1042d from 1040 to 1042.

Harold Harefoot
Harold Harefoot, also Harold I'", ("c".

English Interregnum
The Interregnum was period parliamentary military rule in land occupied by modern-dayd Wales after Civil War.

Interregnum
An interregnum is a period between monarchs, between popes Catholic Church, emperors Holy Empire, kings  between consuls Republic.

Oliver Cromwell
Oliver Cromwell  was an military political leader known for makingd a republic leading Commonwealthd.

The Incredibles
"The Incredibles" is a animated movie.

English Restoration
The Restoration, simply Restoration, was an episode in historyd beginning in 1660 when monarchy, monarchy monarchy was restored under King Charles II after Civil War.

Commonwealthd
The Commonwealthd was republican government which ruleddndd from 1649 to 1660.

Declaration independence
A declaration independence is a proclamation independence an aspiring state states.

Presbyterianism
Presbyterianism is atity.

Declaration war
A declaration war is aal declaration issued by a national government indicating that a state war exists between that nation, more others.

Cyrillic alphabet
The Cyrillic alphabet was invented by Greek monksd Kyrillos  Methodios in century.

Silent Spring
Silent Spring is a book by Rachel Carson.

Nymph (biology)
In science a nymph is youngs insects.

Complete metamorphosis
Complete metamorphosis are words about how insects grow.

Saab
Saab is a car airplane maker, found in Trollhättan, Sweden in 1937.

The Protectorate
In history, Protectorate was period 1653–59 during which Commonwealthd,dd was governed by a Lord Protector.

Rump Parliament
The Rump Parliament was until 1660 Parliament that followed Long Parliament, after Pride's Purge December 6 1648 had removed Members Parliament thatre against plan to try King Charles I for high treason.

Vibrator (sensual)
A vibrator is a device that is made to vibrate against body ,reby stimulating nerves giving a pleasurable possibly erotic feeling.

Michael Owen
Michael Owen  is forward for Newcastle United F.C.

Historyd
England is countries that today make up United Kingdom.

Anglo-Saxons
Anglo-Saxon means usually culturally linguistically similar peoples living in south east island Great Britain  from around mid-5th century AD to conquest 1066.

Norman conquestd
The conquestd was a military invasiond in 1066.

Raid
A raid is an attack into enemy territory with no intent to gain hold terrain.

Restauration
Following fall from power Napoleon Bonaparte, .

English Reformation
The Reformation was a process movement thought, Reformation, which away a number churches in Europe from communion with Rome.

Gianluigi Buffon
Gianluigi "Gigi" Buffon  is an football player.

Checksum
A checksum is a number.

Fennel
Fennel is a herb.

DisneyToon Studios
DisneyToon Studios is an animation studio created by The Walt Disneyy.

National Front for Liberation South Vietnam
The National Front for Liberation South Vietnam , was a communist army based in South Vietnam that fought against governments South Vietnam United States during Vietnam War .

NATO phonetic alphabet
The NATO phonetic alphabet is a way using words to replace letters.

Super Mario Bros.
Super Mario Bros.

Barbarian
"Barbarian" is a pejorative word for an uncivilized, uncultured person.

Numerical digit
Numerical digits are numerals are made.

Pejorative
A word phrase is pejorative if it has a Context contempt disapproval.

Contempt
Contempt is an intense feeling disrespect dislike.

Evanescence
Evanescence is a band.

Parliamentd
The Parliamentd was legislature Kingdomd.

United States Bill Rights
The Bill Rights is for 10 amendments to United States Constitution, which limited power federal government guaranteed citizens United States certain rights.

Paula Radcliffe
Paula Jane Radcliffe MBE  is an athlete with world record in women's marathon.

Ramsay MacDonald
James Ramsay MacDonald  was a politician Prime Minister United Kingdom three times.

22nd century
The century anno Domini  era is century that starts with year 2101 end with 2200 calendar.

Human migration
Human migration means any movement by humans from locality to another ,ten over long distances ine groups.

Malignant
In medicine, malignant is a clinical term that is an illness that quickly kills patient.

Advice (constitutional)
In constitutional law, Advice isal, usually binding instruction given by a constitutionalficer state to another.

Laney Amplification
Laney Amplification is a company from Great Britain that makes guitar bass guitar amplifiers.

Council
Council in general means a body that has right to give advice to administer.

Kellyjackie
Jackie Hiu-ki , also known as Kellyjackie , is a Hong Kong citizen who enjoys singing as a hobby.

European Parliament
The Parliament  is parliament Union .

Council Union
The Council Union is threeganisations that manage Union.

European Commission
The Commission  is fiveganisations that manage Union .

Deep Ng
Deep Ng  is a Hong Kong singer actor Emperor Entertainment Group.

Needle aspiration biopsy
Needle aspiration biopsy , also known as fine needle aspiration cytology , fine needle aspiration biopsy  fine needle aspiration , is a medical procedure certains medical conditions, such as lumps in neck.

Ultrasound
Ultrasound is a type sound with a frequency than humans can hear.

Oncology
Oncology is medical sub-speciality that deals with study treatment cancer.

Data migration
Data migration is a term computer scientists economists use wheny speak about moving data from location to another.

Green Bay Packers
The Green Bay Packers are a football team in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

Video arcade
A Video arcade  is a place where people can play video games, usually for money.

Ice age
An ice age is a period when for a long time temperature Earth's climate is very low.

Saxons
The Saxons Saxon people are  people with its main areas settlements in States Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Westphalia, northeasternds .

Białystok
Białystok is a city in northernd in voivodship Podlaskie.

Gdynia
Gdynia is a city in northernd inia voivodship.

Sosnowiec
Sosnowiec  is a city ind in Sielsia voivodship.

Mould
Mould mold is a type tiny fungus.

David James (footballer)
David James  is a professional footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Portsmouth F.C..

Martin Adams
Martin Adams  is an professional darts player.

Heterotroph
A heterotroph other "trophe" = nutrition) is anganism that requiresganic substrates to get its carbon for growth development.

Pittsburgh Steelers
The Pittsburgh Steelers is an Football club National Football League located in Pittsburgh,ia.

Alice Cooper
Alice Cooper  is an rock musician singer.

Diagram
A diagram is a simplified structured visual representation concepts, ideas, constructions, relations, statistical data, anatomy etc used in all aspects human activities to visualize clarify topic.

Radom
Radom is a city ind in Masovia voivodship.

Kielce
Kielce is a city ind in Świętokrzyskie voivodship.

Toruń
Toruń is a city ind in Kuyaviaia voivodship.

Zabrze
Zabrze is a city ind inip.

Bytom
Bytom is a city ind in Sielsia voivodship.

Gorzów Wielkopolski
Gorzów Wielkopolski is a city ind in Lubusz voivodship.

Zielona Góra
Zielona Góra is a city ind in Lubusz voivodship.

Opole
Opole is a city ind in Opole voivodship.

Jutes
The Jutesre aic people who are come fromd  in modern Denmark inclusive Schleswig iny coast.

Grindcore
Grindcore is a type heavy metal hardcore punk music.

Lorette
Lorette is a town ince.

Cannibal Corpse
Cannibal Corpse is an Death metal band.

La Cappe
La Cappe is a town ince.

Lad-Croix
Lad-Croix is a town ince.

Saint-Paul-en-Jarez
Saint-Paul-en-Jarez is a town ince.

Saint-Chamond
Saint-Chamond is a town ince.

Guayana Esequiba
Guayana Esequiba is that Venezuela calls a region that it claims insta.

Sudeley Castle
Sudeley Castle was mainly built in 1441 by Ralph Boteler, who had castle confiscated by Edward IVd.

Godfather trilogy
"The Godfather trilogy" refers to three mafia movies directed bycis Ford Coppola about fictional Corleone crime family; .

Without You
"Without You" is a song written by musicians Peter Ham Toms, which has become a standard since it was recorded in 1970.

Apple Records
Apple Records was a record label started by The Beatles, which was active from 1968 until 1975.

Germanic peoples
Theic peoples are a linguistic ethnic branch Indo peoples.

May Pang
May  Pang  was a personal assistant to Beatle John Lennon his wife Yoko Ono.

Indo people
Indos are speakers Indo languages.

Urban area
Urban area is a word from geography.

Mary Hopkin
Mary Hopkin  is a pop singer, who was famous in late 1960s early 1970s.

Champs-Elysées
The Champs-Elysées is a very famous street in Paris.

Toms
Thomas 'Tom's  was an guitarist songwriter, who had several hit records as a member Badfinger, during late 1960s early 1970s.

Stephen Euin Cobb
Stephen Euin Cobb  is an science fiction author host award-winning podcast "The Future And You".

Solon
Solon was a Greek statesman.

Saint-Bonnefonds
Saint-Bonnefonds is a village ince near Saint-Paul-en-Jarez Saint-Priest-en-Jarez.

Saint-Priest-en-Jarez
Saint-Priest-en-Jarez is a town ince near Saint-Bonnefonds Villars.

Villars
Villars is a village ince near Saint-Priest-en-Jarez Logron.

Logron
Logron is a village ince near Villars Flacey.

Flacey
Flacey is a village ince near Logron Brognon.

Diet (assembly)
A diet is assembly.

Omelette
An omelette "omelet" is a type food that is mainly eggs, with various fillings.

Visa
A visa is a permit given by a country that allowsone to go to that country.

Andranik
Andranik Toros, Zoravarik,  was an military general freedom fighter.

Angles
The Anglesre aic people unknownigin.

Angeln
Modern Angeln, , is a peninsula in Schleswig-Holstein,y.

Commonwealth
A commonwealth is a group people groups with a common aim to improvemselves, help each other share knowledge resources.

Frisian people
Thes are an ethnic group northwestern Europe, inhabiting an area known as Frisia.

Alba Iulia
Alba Iulia  is a city in Alba County,ia,ia.

Vampire bat
Vampire bats is a subfamily bats.

Prehistoric Britain
Prehistoric Britain was a period in human occupation Great Britain that ended with invasion Britain in AD 43.

Domesday Book
"Domesday Book" , was written between 1085 1086.

LD50
The LD50 comes from toxicology, study poisons.

Dahlerau train disaster
The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway disaster that happened on May 27, 1971.

Walter Guinness, Baron Moyne
Walter Edward Guinness, Baron Moyne  was a politician.

Modern Talking
Modern Talking was a singing group.

2004 earthquake
The 2004 earthquake, also called Sumatra earthquake, was a great underwater earthquake.

History
Taiwan  was populated by native people.

Katana
Katana is a long sword used mainly by samurai warriors.

Lindisfarne
According to 2001 census it had a usual population 162.

Peter Lorre
Peter Lorre  Löwenstein, June 26, 1904 – March 23, 1964) is a actor.

History Tamil Nadu
The history Tamil Nadu goes back to early stone age, since region Tamil Nadu  has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times.

Leo Fender
Clarence Leonidas Fender , also known as Leo Fender, was an instrument maker.

Fret
Frets are thin metal strips which are used on several stringed musical instruments, such as guitar, electric guitar, bass guitar, mandolin, banjo.

Amplifier
The word amplifier usually refers to an electronic amplifier.

Ruda Śląska
Ruda Śląska is a city ind in Silesia voivodship.

Rybnik
Rybnik is a city ind in Sielsia voivodship.

Tychy
Tychy is a city ind in Silesia voivodship.

Dąbrowa Górnicza
Dąbrowa Górnicza is a city ind in Silesia voivodship.

Płock
Płock is a city in nestled ind in Masoviaip.

Loudspeaker
A loudspeaker, which is also called a speaker, is a device that is sound in radios, television sets, electric musical instrument amplifier systems.

Chorzów
Chorzów is a city ind in Silesia voivodship.

Wałbrzych
Wałbrzych  is a town in southwesternd situated in Lowerip.

Organ trio
Angan trio is a type jazz band with three musicians.

Hegemony
Hegemony  is dominance group over other groups that, for instance, dominanty can dictate terms trade to its advantage.

James
Leonard James, , was Labour Prime Minister United Kingdom from 1976 to 1979.

Fulgencio Batista
General Fulgencio Batista y Zaldívar  was military leader Cuba from 1933 to 1940."De jure" he was President Cuba from 1940 to 1944.

Sock puppet
Sock puppets are simple type puppets made with an adult sock.

Smoke
Smoke is a cloud very, solidicles that is made whenthing is burned with a flame, such as wood paper.

Friedrich Kellner
Family education.

1996 Summer Olympics
The 1996 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXVI Olympiad,re celebrated inta, United States from July 19, through August 4.

1984 Summer Olympics
The 1984 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXIII Olympiad,re celebrated in Los Angeles, United States from July 28, through August 12.

1932 Summer Olympics
The 1932 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games X Olympiad,re celebrated in Los Angeles, United States from July 30, through August 14.

1992 Summer Olympics
The 1992 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXV Olympiad,re celebrated in Barcelona, Spain from July 25, through August 9.

1988 Summer Olympics
The 1988 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXIV Olympiad,re celebrated in Seoul, South Korea from September 17, through October 2.

Charles Aznavour
Charles Aznavour  is an-French singer, songwriter actor.

Pallava
The Pallavas dynasty rose in Tamil Nadu  during century under I his son Mamalla I.

Pandya
The kingdom பாண்டியர் was an ancient Tamil state in South India unknown antiquity.

Rockabilly
Rockabilly is an early type rock roll music which developed in 1950s in United States.

Blu-ray Disc
Blu-ray is a high-density optical discat similar to DVD.

Stray Cats
The Stray Catsre a Rockabilly band from United States.

United States National Security Advisor
The National Security Advisor,ficially known ast to President for National Security Affairs, serves as top advisor to President United States on national security issues.

Chera dynasty
The Chera dynasty  was ancient Tamil dynasties who ruled southern India from ancient times until around fifteenth century CE.

Chola dynasty
The Chola dynasty  was a Tamil dynasty that ruled in southern India until century.

Ayn Rand
Ayn Rand  was a-born writer, screenwriter, playwright philosopher who published several popular books in United States in mid-1900s, such as "We Living", "Anthem", "Atlas Shrugged" "The Fountainhead." Her husband was an actor artistk O'Connor.

Laubach
Laubach is a town in district Giessen, in Hesse,y.

Alexander Litvinenko
Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko  was a lieutenant-colonel in Security Service later a dissident writer.

Coprophilia
Coprophilia is a sexual fetish people feel wheny come into contact with feces.

Kalabhra
The Kalabhra dynasty ruled over entire Tamil country in South between century C.E..

NASCAR
NASCAR  is a racing sport in United States.The three racing series sanctioned by NASCAR are Sprint Cup, Nationwide Series Camping World Series.

Monument
A monument is a statue, building,thing else a person important event.

Wikinews
Wikinews is a free-content news source wiki a project Wikimedia Foundation.

1980 Summer Olympics
The 1980 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXII Olympiad,re celebrated in Moscow, Soviet Union from July 19, through August 3.

500s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 450s - 460s - 470s - 480s - 490s - 500s - 510s - 520s - 530s - 540s - 550s Years: 500 501 502 503 504 505 506 507 508 509 510 .

480s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 430s - 440s - 450s - 460s - 470s - 480s - 490s - 500s - 510s - 520s - 530s Years: 480 481 482 483 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 .

930s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s Years: 930 931 932 933 934 935 936 937 938 939 .

890s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s Years: 890 891 892 893 894 895 896 897 898 899 900 Events.

950s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s Years: 950 951 952 953 954 955 956 957 958 959 .

Jenna Jameson
Jenna Jameson  is a porn star, that is she has sex on screen gets paid for it.

Klingon Language Institute
The Klingon Language Institute  is anganization who helps to teach learn Klingon language.

Journalism
Journalism is a type writing.

Tim Berners-Lee
Tim Berners-Lee  invented World Wide Web which is system that deliversbpages overet.

Assimilation (biology)
Assimilation (from "similis", lat.

Vaihingen
Vaihingen an der Enz is a town in southern state Baden-Württemberg.

Integration
Integration is a process combining accumulating.

Cultural assimilation
Cultural assimilation, 'assimilation' for , is an intense process consistent integration when members an ethno-cultural group, typically immigrants, other minority groups, are "absorbed" into an established, generally community.

New Wave music
New Wave  is a style pop music that developed in late 1970s early 1980s.

Apple Corps
Apple Corps Ltd.

Blondie
Blondie was an new wave pop music band from late 1970s.

Patti Smith
Patti Smith  is an singer poet.

Talking Heads
Talking Headsre a new wave pop music band from United States from late 1970s.

Devo
Devo was an new wave pop music band.

Illegal drugs
Illegal drugs are chemicals, pills, liquids,s plants that people take to become intoxicated.

Crack (drug)
Crack  is an Illegal drug which is made from cocaine.

Twiggy Lawson
Twiggy Lawson  is a actress fashion model.

Special effects
Special effects is a term for things used in movies to create images that do not exist.

Glam metal
Glam metal is a style rock music that started in 1980s.

Revolutions 1848 in states
The Revolutions in states developed in 38 statesy thatre loosely bound together in Confederation after Congress Vienna in 1815.

Abdication
Abdication is act resigning from anfice, especially from supremefice state.

Beta Columbae
Beta Columbae is Columbae constellation.

Philadelphia Eagles
The Philadelphia Eagles is an football team in Philadelphia,ia.

YouTube
YouTube is a free video sharingbsite which lets people put on, view, share videos.

Greenwich
Greenwich IPA pronunciation: is a town in London borough Greenwich.

Catch Me If You Can (movie)
"Catch Me If You Can" is a movie.

Armorica
Armorica Aremorica is given in ancient times to Gaul that includesy peninsula territory between Seine Loire rivers .

Gaul
Gaul  was given in ancient times to area Europe that included northern Italy,ce, Belgium,sterndsdsy onst bank Rhine river.

Danelaw
The Danelaw  is an century for an area northern easternd under administrative control Viking empire  from late century until early century.

Jorvik
"Jórvík" was Viking for city York kingdom centredre.

Mutton
The terms lamb, mutton hoggett are meat a domestic sheep.

Prion
Prions , for "proteinaceous infectiousicles " are proteins that can make people sick.

Hashish
Hashish is a sticky, thick, dark-colored resin  which is made from cannabis plant.

William Pitt Younger
William Pitt Younger  was a politician late eighteenth early nineteenth centuries.

Jean-Paul Sartre
Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre  was a French existentialist  philosopher .

John Steinbeck
John Ernst Steinbeck  is a very famous writer century.

Akira Kurosawa
Akira Kurosawa  was a film director.

Science fiction film
Science fiction movies are motion pictures which tell stories about future, space, robots, alien creatures.

Reading,ia
Reading is a city in stateia.

Swanage
Swanage is a seaside town on south coastd.

Scottish people
Scottish people are people who live ind.

Hungen
Hungen is a town in district Gießen, in state Hesse,y.

Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof
Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof is central railway station in Bremerhaven,y.

Duchy
A duchy is a territory domain ruled by a duke duchess.

Scott Bigelow
Scott Charles Bigelow  was an professional wrestler.

Incomplete metamorphosis
Incomplete metamorphosis are words about how insects grow.

Anglo language
The Anglo language is given to special language spoken by Anglos, descendantss who ruled Kingdomd following conquest by Williamdy in 1066.

Langue d'oïl
"Langues d'oïl"  is linguistic historical for Galloce languages which developed from Latin in northern territories Gaul that now are occupied by northernce, Belgiumnelds.

Ring
A ring is a piece jewelry that is usually worn on finger.

Galloce languages
The Galloce branchce languages includes French several other languages spoken in modernce northern Italy Spain.

Capital accumulation
Capital accumulation means gathering objects value; increase inalth; creationalth.

Investment
Investment investing means that an asset is bought, that money is put into a bank to get a future interest from it.

Battle Bannockburn
The Battle Bannockburn  was an important victory in Wars Independence.

Wars Roses
The Wars Roses  was a series civil wars fought over throned between supporters House Lancaster supporters House York.

Matchbook
A matchbook is a cardboard container that holds a quantity matches inside has a coarse striking surface on exterior.

Friedrich Kellner Diary
The Diary Friedrich Keller is a journal written during Second World War.

Nobel Prize in Economics
The Sverigesk Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory Alfred Nobel, informally called Nobel Prize in Economics, is a prize awarded each year forstanding contributions in field economics.

Lindsey Jacobellis
Lindsey Jacobellis  is an snowboarder.

Axis Evil
Axis Evil is a term used by US President George W.

State Union Address
The State Union Address is a speech president United States America gives every year, usually in January.

Ninja
A Ninja is a spy assassin who lived in beginning in century.

USS Arizona Memorial
The USS Arizona Memorial is in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.

USS Arizona
The USS Arizona  was anip.

War crime
A war crime is a crime that breaks rules that people accept when fighting in a war.

Senate
In a modern democracy, a senate is a group people who are a legislature.

Kano
Kano a city is Nigeria.

Battle Bosworth Field
The Battle Bosworth Bosworth Field was an important battle during Wars Roses in centuryd.

Escherichia coli
Escherichia coli "E.

Borg (Star Trek)
The Borg are a fictional race cyborgs in Star Trek universe.

Housetagenet
The Housetagenet ruledd in another from reign Henry II, beginning in 1154, until House Tudor came to power when Richard III fell at Battle Bosworth Field in 1485.

Angevin
Angevin is residents Anjou, a province Kingdomce, asll as to residents Angers.

Count
A count is a nobleman in countries, equivalent in rank to a earl, whose wife is also still a "countess" .

Budgerigar
The Budgerigar  is a parrot.

Endocarditis
Endocarditis is an inflammation inner layer heart.

Tetracycline
Tetracycline is an antibiotic psittacosis other bacterial infections.

Hemoglobin
Hemoglobin  is a globular protein in blood which contains iron is oxygen around body.

Cornea
The cornea is a clear section eye which gives eye its optical power.

WASSCE
The 'West Senior School Certificate Examination  is a type exam in West Africa.

Sergei Prokofiev
Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev (b.

Arabs
Arabs are people who speak Arabic have religionity.

Synthesizer
A musical synthesizer is an instrument that uses electricity to make musical sounds.

John Foxe
John Foxe  is remembered as author "Foxe's Book Martyrs".

Evangelicalism
The word evangelicalismly means religious practices traditions which are found in conservativetity.

920s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s -- 970s Years: 920 921 922 923 924 925 926 927 928 929 .

940s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s Years: 940 941 942 943 944 945 946 947 948 949 .

910s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s Years: 910 911 912 913 914 915 916 917 918 919 .

Canopic jar
Canopic jarsre internalgans a mummy in ancient Egypt.

Fellow
A fellow isone who is an equal a comrade, butten it means a member a group learned people who work together at university other academic institutions.

Millipede
Millipedes are arthropods.

Edwyd
Edwy All-Fair "Eadwig"  was Kingd from 955 until his death.

Oda Severe
Saint Oda Odo, called Good Severe (d.

Magdalen College School, Oxford
Magdalen College School is an independent school for boys located on edge central Oxford,d.

Edward Vd
Edward V  was Kingd from 9 April 1483 until he was removed two months later, on 25 June 1483.

Lincolnshire
Lincolnshire  is a county in eastd.

Norfolk
Norfolk is a low-lying county in East Anglia in east southernd.

ISO 3166-2
ISO 3166-2 is a standard.

Leicestershire
Leicestershire  is a county in centrald.

Northamptonshire
Northamptonshire  is a county in centrald with a population 629,676 .

Fractal geometry
Fractal Geometry is study sets called fractals.

Earl
An Earl Jarl was an Anglo-Saxon title, meaning "chieftain" it referred especially to chieftains set to rule a territory in a king's stead.

Lobster
Lobsters aree crustaceans that live in sea.

Spiny lobster
Spiny lobsters, also known as rock lobsters are a family  about 45 species crustaceans, in Decapodatia.

Bromeliad
Bromeliads are a family tropical plants which includes pineapple several houseplants.

Oscillator
An oscillator isthing that "vibrates", repeats same pattern.

Eucalyptus
"Eucalyptus" is a for a tree.

Cellory
Cellory is a way to describe biology living things.

Oxfordshire
Oxfordshire  is a county in South Eastd, bordering onire,ire,ire,ire,ire,ire.

Minnie Mouse
Minnie Mouse is a cartoon character.

Tadpole shrimp
A tadpole shrimp is a type simple freshwater crustacean.

Porphyria
Porphyria is for certain medical conditions diseases.

Diatom
Diatoms " = "through" + " " = "to cut", i.e., "cut in half") are a group eukaryotic algae.

Decapitation
Decapitation beheading is act cuttingf head from rest body a living thing.

Dmitri Mendeleev
Dmitri Mendeleev (born Dmitriyovich Mendeleyev, February 8 {O.S.

Wakizashi
The wakizashi is a traditional sword.

Albert Camus
Albert Camus  was a French philosopher writer.

Angevin Empire
The term Angevin Empire describes a collection states ruled by Angevintagenet dynasty.

Vertebral column
The vertebral column is scientific, anatomical word for spine backbone.

Pyrenees
The Pyrenees  are a range mountains in southwest Europe that a natural border betweence Spain.

Sea Galilee
The Sea Galilee is Israel's freshwater lake, about 53 kilometers  around, about 21 km  long, 13 km  wide; it has a total area 166 km², a depth about 43 meters.

Dartmoor
Dartmoor is a national park in Devon, a county ind.

Cirencester
Cirencester is a town inire ind.

Seppuku
Seppuku is a ritual when a Samurai cuts his belly.

Sow bug
A sow bug woodlouse is a land arthropod .

Coccinellidae
People call lady beetles many differents.

Lou
Louis J.

Thirteen Colonies
The Thirteen Coloniesre colonies in North America.

Stillbirth
A stillbirth happens when a fetus  dies while still inside mother dies during delivery .

Arizona Cardinals
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional football team based in Phoenix, Arizona.

Totnes
Totnes is a town in South Devon,d.

Chiffon cake
A chiffon cake is a type sponge cake.

Three Character Classic
The Three Character Classic, Trimetric Classic San Zi Jing  is a written work from China.

Art film
Art films are a type movie that is very different from popular Hollywood blockbuster movies.

Palm OS
Palm OS is an operating system that is made to work on computerdevices,ly Personal Digitalts.

Ural Mountains
The Ural Mountains  also known simply as Urals is a mountain range that runs roughly north south throughstern Russia.

Ishmael
Ishmael  was Abraham's oldest son, born by his wife's handmaiden Hagar.

Steppe
In physical geography, a steppe is a plain without trees ; it is similar to a prairie, although a prairie is generally considered as being dominated by tall grasses, while grasses are said to be norm in steppe.

Plain
In geography, a plain is ae area land with no hills mountains.

French fried potatoes
French fried potatoes , are a type food made potatoes.

Champagne (wine)
Champagne is a sparkling wine  that isd after Champagne region, a region ince with many vineyards that grow grapes make wine.

Caesarion
Ptolemy XV Philopator Philometor Caesar, nicknamed Caesarion  Greek: Πτολεμαίος ΙΕ' Φιλοπάτωρ Φιλομήτωρ Καίσαρ, Καισαρίων  was son Cleopatra VII.

Victoria Line
The Victoria Line is a line London Underground.

Lorca
Lorca is a city in Murcia, Spain.

Alexanderkin
Alexander Sergeyevichkin  1799, Moscow; died January 29 , St Petersburg) was a poet, novelist, dramatist-story writer.

Exile
Exile means being sent away from country area where you live.

Lager
Lager  is a beer.

Ryszard Kapuściński
Ryszard Kapuściński (b.

Republican National Committee
The National Committee (the R.N.C.

Democratic National Committee
The Democratic National Committee (D.N.C.

Four Corners
The Four Corners is place in United States where four corners New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Arizona meet.

Southwestern United States
The United States  is a regionstern United States.

Flagellum
A flagellum "" is a long, whip-like projection a cell composed microtubules.

Walkman
Walkman is invention asll as brand Sony.

Semantics
Semantics is study meaning.

Governance
Governance is term for way a group people such as a country do things.

Snowball
Snowballs is a ball snow.

MPEG-4
MPEG-4 is a video audio standard.

Warship (TV series)
Warship was an extremely popular television drama series produced by BBC between 1973 1977.

Jerry Lewis
Jerry Lewis  is an comedian actor.

Breakdance
Breakdance  is a type dance that is done by people who are hip hop culture.

Constantine (movie)
"Constantine" is a 2005 movie starringu Reeves Rachel Weisz.

East Anglia
East Anglia is a region easternd,d after ancient Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, which wasd after homeland Angles, Angeln in northerny.

Simone de Beauvoir
Simone de Beauvoir  was a French author  philosopher .

Katie Couric
Katherine "Katie" Anne Couric  was a co-host top-rated "Today" show, broadcast live on NBC affiliates, from 1991 until late 2006, earning nearly $14 million each year for last 4 years her contract.

History slave trade
During history slaveryrere many differents human exploitation across many cultures.

List U.S. states by time zone
This is a list U.S.

Central Line
The Central Line is a line London Underground.

Lysergic acid diethylamide
LSD is for a drug called Lysergic acid diethylamide.

Triple H
Paul Michael Levesque  is an professional wrestler, better known by ring Triple H, an abbreviation his Hunter Hearst Helmsley moniker.

Ernő Rubik
Ernő Rubik  is a inventor professor architecture.

Michael Richards
Michael Anthony Richards  is an comedy actor.

Final Fantasy VII
Final Fantasy VII is a fantasy role-playing video game for Playstation.

Anthony O'Reilly
Sir Anthony Josephcis O'Reilly  billionaire born in Dublin,d.

Prism (optics)
A prism is a special piece glass, crystal, plastic that bends light.

Fritjof Capra
Fritjof Capra  is an-born physicist.

Minor Threat
Minor Threat was hardcore punk band fromington DC from 1980s.

Ethelred Unready
Ethelred II (c.

Elizabethan Religious Settlement
The Religious Settlement was Elizabeth I’s answer to religious quarrels that developed during reigns Henry VIII, Edward VI Mary I.

Gecko
Gecko are to middle size lizards.

Rutherfordium
Rutherfordium is a chemical element.

Lizard
A lizard is a reptile.

Philipp Tischendorf
Philipp Tischendorf  is a figure skater.

Miles per hour
Miles per hour is a unit measurement.

Nobility
Nobility was highest social class in pre-modern societies.

List U.S. states by population
This is a list United States America states by population as 2006.

Trio (music)
A trio is a group three people who are playing musical instruments singing together.

List U.S. state nicknames
This is a list U.S.

List U.S. states by date statehood
This is a list U.S.

List U.S. states' cities
This is a list cities in each United States state territory.

Learning music by ear
Learning music by ear is learning to play a piece music by listening to other people playing itn trying to play itself.

Shelton Benjamin
Shelton Albert Benjamin  is an professional wrestler.

Robert Oppenheimer
J.

Minor league baseball
Minor league baseball is a level professional baseball in North America.

American League
The League  is two leagues that make up Major League Baseball.

National League
The National League  is two leagues that make up Major League Baseball.

Statistical survey
Statistical surveys are collections information about items in a population.

Social sciences
The social sciences are a group academic disciplines that study human aspects world.

Arts
The arts is a culture means much more than "art", which usually means visual arts .

Nuclear proliferation
Nuclear proliferation is when a country starts making nuclear objects.

François Bourdoncle
François Bourdoncle  is founder CEO search engine company Exalead.

Chief executiveficer
A Chief Executive Officer , Chief Executive, is highest-ranking corporateficer, administrator, corporate administrator, executive, executiveficer, in charge total management a corporation, company,ganization agency.

Exalead
Exalead [eg'zæli:d] is a French search engine involved in Quaero project, introducing new search techniques.

Amateur radio
Amateur radio is a hobby for people who to talk using radio transmitters.

Humanities
The humanities include languages, literature, music, philosophy, history, classics, religion, visual performing arts.

John Hawkins
Sir John Hawkins   was an shipbuilder, merchant, navigator, slave trader.

Coconut palm
The Coconut palm is a type palm tree.

Shawarma
Shawarma  is a meat sandwich eaten by people in Middle East.

Merchant
Merchants deal with trade.

Warranty
In commercial consumer transactions, a warranty is an obligation that an article service that is sold has quality buyer can reasonably expect from seller.

Giuseppe Verdi
Giuseppe Verdi (b.

Blue box
A blue box is a device thatone could use to make free telephone calls.

Red box
A red box is a device that people can use illegally to make free telephone calls at a pay telephone.

Silicon Graphics
Silicon Graphics, Inc.

Constituency
A constituency is any cohesive corporate unit body bound by shared structures, goals loyalty.

Local government
Local governments are administrativefices that are than a state province.

List Parliamentary constituencies in United Kingdom
This is a list 646 constituencies currently represented in House Commons United Kingdom Parliament, as at United Kingdom 2005 general election.

Stain
A stain is a spot that has another color than material on which it is found.

Stainless steel
In metallurgy, stainless steel means a ferrous alloy with a minimum 10.5% chromium content.

Ferrous
Ferrous is an adjective coming from Latin "ferrum" .

Carbon steel
Plain-carbon steel is a metal alloy, a combination two elements, iron carbon, where other elements are present in quantities too to affect properties.

Yellowcake
Yellowcake is a type uranium.

Ductility
Ductility is physical property being capable sustaininge permanent changes in shape without breaking .

Defibrillation
Defibrillation is act defibrillating heart to try treat ventricular fibrillation pulseless ventricular tachycardia.

Defibrillator
A defibrillator is a medical device that is heart.

Curse
A curse is a word which threatens other person to have bad luck.

Ventricular fibrillation
Ventricular fibrillation  is a cardiac arrhythmia in whichre is an uncoordinated contraction cardiac muscle ventricles in heart.

Seal
As a place.

Tachycardia
Tachycardia is fast beating heart.

Fracture
A fracture is separation a body into two, more, pieces under action stress.

Stress (physics)
Stress in material science means that material is influenced in a way that may cause it to break change its.

Shear stress
Shear stress is a stress state where stress is parallel to a face material, as stress when stress is vertical to face.

Tensile stress
Tensile stress  is stress state leading to expansion; that is, length a material tends to increase in tensile direction.

Tension (mechanics)
Tension is a reaction force applied by a stretched string  on objects which stretch it.

I.O.U.
I.O.U.

Deformation
In engineering mechanics, deformation is a change in shape that is result a force that influences object.

Ceramic
The word ceramic is derived from Greek word κεραμικός .

Inorganic compound
An inorganic compound is a chemical compound that is "not" anganic compound.

Applied mechanics
Applied mechanics, also known asoretical applied mechanics, is a branch physical sciences practical application mechanics.

Mechanics
Mechanics is branch physics which looks at bodies that are influenced by forces moved.

Paleobiology
History.

Central venous catheter
A central venous catheter  "central line" is a catheter put in ae vein in neck, chest, groin when a patient needs close cardiovascular monitoring, for assessment fluid status, so that intravenous drugs fluids can be given to patient more effectively.

Macroscopic
Macroscopic means physical objects that are measurable can be seen by naked eye.

Naked eye
Seeing with naked eye means to look atthing without help telescope, binoculars microscope.

Order magnitude
If says things have sameder magnitude means a value that is rather near to other value that is compared with it.

N-Gage
The Nokia N-Gage is a mobile phone handheld game console.

Woodside
Woodside is several places.

Handheld game console
A handheld game console is a light, portable electronic machine for playing video games.

Pinhead Gunpowder
Pinhead Gunpowder is a punk rock band from California, United States.

Harry Connick, Jr.
Harry Connick, Jr.

Pantheism
Pantheism is belief that God universe are equivalent  A Pantheist believes that everything that exists is a God, that God is nothing more than everything that exists.

Panentheism
Panentheism is belief that universe is God.

Deuterium
Deuterium is an isotope hydrogen, element.

Boer
Boer  is Dutch word for farmer which is descendants Dutch farmers Africa during 1700s, asll as who left Cape Colony during 1800s to live inge Free State,svaal.

Muhammad Ali
Muhammad Ali (born Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr.

Mechanician
A mechanician is an engineer a scientist working in field mechanics, in engineering, applied mechanics similar fields.

Compressive stress
Compressive stress is stress on materials that leads to a volume.

Cambuslang railway station
Cambuslang railway station is a train station for towng, in Southire  The station is owned managed by First ScotRail.

Rotation
Rotation is movement an object in a circular motion.

Moment (physics)
In physics, moment force  means magnitude force that influences rotation an object.

Tensile strength
Tensile strength measures force such as rope, wire, a structural beam to point where it breaks.

Bosconian
Bosconian is a arcade video game made by Namco in 1981.

The Sunday Night Project
The Sunday Night Project is a comedy television programme.

Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna Russia
Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna Russia  was daughter last tsar Tsar Nicholas II.

Anna Anderson
Anna Anderson said she wasd Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna Russia.

Celtic F.C.
Celtic F.C.

Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna Russia
Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna Russia was a daughter Tsar Nicholas II Russia Tsarinadra Feodorovna.

Grand Duchessa Nikolaevna Russia
Grand Duchessa Nikolaevna Russia (b.

Rally-X
Rally-X is a Arcade video game by Namco.

Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna Russia
Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna Russia was oldest daughter Tsar Nicholas II Russia Tsarinadra Feodorovna.

Physical compression
Physical compression means that a material under compressive stress reduces its volume.

Compressive strength
Compressive strength measures pushing force that needs to break a material.

Strength materials
Strength materials is important for study engineering materialsir mechanical behavior in general .

Funeral Blues
"Funeral Blues" is a poem written in 1936 by W.

W. H. Auden
Wystan Hugh Auden  was an poet.

Parsley
Parsley is a fresh flavored bright green herb.

Edith Piaf
Édith Piaf  wasce's loved singers.

Weed
Aed is a plant thatone thinks is bad, because it is growing in wrong place.

Ternopil
Ternopil is a city instern Ukraine.

Justin Lee Collins
Justin Lee Collins  is an television radio presenter stand-up comedian from Bristol.

Alan Carr
Alan Carr  is an television presenter stand-up comedian.

Cremation
Cremation is act burning a body after it has died.

Spartacus
Spartacus , according to historians, was a gladiator-slave who became alleged leader an slave uprising against Republic.

Georgeus
George John Scipious  was a West slave who became a bussinessman in Nottingham,d.

Booker T.ington
Booker Taliaferroington  was an political leader, teacher author.

Scipious
Publius Cornelius Scipious Major   was a general in Second Punic War politician Republic.

Blessing
A blessing is way to wish luck for a person.

Karel Svoboda
Karel Svoboda  was a Czech composer popular music.

Third Servile War
The Third Servile War, also called Gladiator War The War Spartacus by Plutarch, was last several slave rebellions against Republic.

Vibrating string
A vibration in a string is a wave.

Angular momentum
In physics, angular momentum an object rotating about reference point is measure extent to which object will continue to rotate about that point unless acted upon by an external torque.

Axle
An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel gear.

Gear
Gears are mechanicals with cut teeth with teeth on another so as to transmit receive force motion.

Gear (disambiguation)
Gear is a toothed wheel torque to another gear toothed component.

Gear shift
The gear shift is gearbox which has shift forks allows contact from driver to synchronisation.

Transmission (mechanics)
In mechanics, a transmission  gearbox, is system gears/or hydraulic system  that transmits mechanical power from a prime mover—such as an engine electric motor—toput device, normally rotary in, generally at a reduced rate angular speed but at a higher motive torque.

Hydraulics
Hydraulics is a topic science engineering subject dealing with mechanical properties liquids.

List U.S. states by area
This is a complete list states United Statesdered by "total area", "land area", "water area".

Tom Vilsack
Thomas James Vilsack  is aor Iowa a Democratic candidate for President United States.

Actinoid
The actinide series is 15 chemical elements between actinium lawrencium on periodic table.

Opera Software
Opera Software is a company in Oslo, Norway that makes Opera, a set tools for usinget.

Wristwatch
The wristwatch  is a clock timepiece that is person's wrist with a strap.

Tiananmen Square
Tiananmen Square is ae plaza near center Beijing, China.

Hot sauce
Hot sauce, chili sauce, pepper sauce are all spicy condiments made from chili peppers.

University Pristina
University Priština is a public university in Serbia.

Kosovska Mitrovica
Kosovska Mitrovica is a town in north Kosovo, Serbia.

Bending
"This article is about structural behavior.

Torsion (mechanics)
In solid mechanics, torsion is twisting an object that is result an applied torque.

Polar moment inertia
Polar moment inertia is a measure an object's ability to resist torsion.

Burial
Burial is act placing an object human into ground.

Gila monster
The Gila monster  is a poisonous desert lizard.

Elizabeth Smart
Elizabeth Ann Smart  is a young woman who was kidnapped from her home in Salt Lake City, Utah on June 5, 2002.

Bury
Bury is a town in north metroploitan county Greater Manchester in North Westd.

Salma Hayek
Salma Hayek Jiménez  is an Academy Award-nominated actress, Emmy-winning director, film producer television producer.

Pellagra
Pellagra is a disease.

Dermatitis
Dermatitis means "inflammation skin." It looks a red rash in cases.

Chet Culver
Chester John "Chet" Culver  isor Iowa.

Duel
A duel is a fight between two people who have similar deadlyapons have set rules before fight takes place.

Beyoncé Knowles
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles  is an R&B singer actress.

The Castle (movie)
"The Castle" is a 1997 movie which was popular in Australia.

Documenta
The documenta is important exhibition modern art in world.

Al Pacino
Alfredo James "Al" Pacino  is an actor.

Włocławek
Włocławek is a city ind in Kuyaviaia voivodship.

Balfour Declaration 1917
The Balfour Declaration 1917 was a policy by government Great Britain to discussitioning Empire after World War I.

Radius
In geometry, radius a circle sphere is connection between center boundary.

Morality
Morality is learning process doing right thing.

Saliva
Saliva is watery substance made in mouths humans animals.

Villarosa
Villarosa is a town in province Enna, in region Sicily in southern Italy.

Maria Sharapova
Maria Sharapova  is a tennis player.

True bug
The true bugs are ander  insects.

Dayton, Ohio
Dayton is ae city in state Ohio.

Nativeto speakers
Nativeto speakers are people who learnedto asir languages.

Freeway
A freeway is a highway made for vehicles to safely travel at fast speeds.

Soldering iron
A soldering iron is a device pieces metal together with molten lead, which is called soldering.

Hungarian Vizsla
Hungarian Vizlas are a type dog, known for being affectionate not aggressive.

Drawing (manufacturing)
Drawing is a manufacturing process for producing a wire, bar tube by pulling on a material until it increases in length.

Manufacturing
Manufacturing is a branch industry that producess raw materials.

Finisheds
Finisheds ares that are manufactured but not yet sold-user.

Good (economics)
A commodity in economics is any object product  that is.

Ruslana
Ruslanaivna Lyzhychko  is a popular pop singer, composer, producer, conductor dancer.

Mustard plant
The word mustard is to several species plants.

Sulfur mustard
Sulfur mustard is a chemical compound.

Law supply demand
The Law supply demand describes how prices are things made available , number things people want .

Amelia Earhart
Amelia Earhart  was an aviator writer.

Situation comedy
A situation comedy, usually called a sitcom, is a type comedy program.

Frank Sinatra
Frank Sinatra  was an singer actor.

Bing Crosby
Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby  was an singer actor.

Felt
Felt is a type cloth that is made by matting wool fibers, either with water soap, by poking fibers with barbed needles.

Dean Martin
Dean Martin  was an singer actor.

Sammy Davis, Jr.
Sammy Davis, Jr.

Racial segregation
Racial segregation is term separation people based on race.

Torrance, California
Torrance is a city in southwest Los Angeles, California.

Chuck Berry
Charles Edward Anderson "Chuck" Berry (born October 18, 1926 in St.

Nagamaki
Nagamaki is a poleapon with ae heavy blade.

Naginata
Naginata is a bladedapon with a long shaft .

Ainu language
Ainu is a language used in Hokkaido,.

Tenacious D
Tenacious D is a band.

Saurischia
Saurischia is twoders/branches dinosaurs.

Stethoscope
A stethoscope is a instrument used by doctors other medical people.

Gouda (cheese)
Gouda is a cheese fromd.

Passion bearer
In Orthodoxity, a passion bearer isone who facesir death in a Christ-like way.

Tile
A tile is a manufactured piece hard-wearing material such as ceramic, stone, porcelain, metal even glass.

Porcelain
Porcelain is a ceramic material made by heating selected refined materials to high temperatures.

Kaolinite
Kaolinite is a clay mineral with chemical composition Al2Si2O5.

Kiln
A kiln is armally insulated chamber oven in which a controlled temperature regime is produced.

ChuChu
"ChuChu" is a comic magazine which targets is teen girls.

Mettā
Metta is a Buddhist term translated as lovingness friendliness.

Oxide
An oxide is a chemical compound containing an oxygen atom other elements.

Proposal
A Proposal is when people suggest an idea.

Versailles
Versailles is a French city, located instern suburbs Paris, 17.1 km.

Major
Major is a rank that is given for a mid-level commandficer .

Sibling
Siblings are sisters brothers a person.

Silicate
In chemistry, a silicate is a compound consisting more central silicon atoms that are surrounded by electronegative ligands.

Newton metre
Newton metre is unit moment in SI system.

Gamma ray
Gamma rays are electromagnetic waves with wavelengths in electromagnetic spectrum.

Cynicism
Cynicism is a philosophy started by Cynics, Ancient Greek philosophers.

Sonic Hedgehog (TV series)
Sonic Hedgehog is a cartoon series, staring Sonic Hedgehog.

Plutarch
Mestrius Plutarchus , better known in as Plutarch, was a Greek historian, writer biographies essays.

Marcus Licinius Crassus
Marcus Licinius Crassus Dives  (c.

Pompey
Pompey, Pompey Great Pompey Triumvir  , was an important military political leader late Republic.

Italia (Roman province)
Italia, under Republic later Empire, was peninsula.

Shift key
The shift key is a key on a keyboard, capital letters other alternate "upper" characters.

United States Census 2000
The Twenty-Second United States Census, known as Census 2000 was a count population United States.

Police procedural
A police procedural is a television show about policeficers solving mysteries.

List U.S. states by population density
This is a list 50 U.S.

Girth
Girth is circumference a cylindrical object, such as a tree trunk.

Circumference
In geometry, circumference is distance around a closed curve; for example, a circle.

Girth (tack)
A girth is a piece equipment for riding a horse, saddle in place.

Lusatian Neisse
The Neisse is a river in Czech Republic ,y d .

Anton Rubinstein
Anton Rubinstein  was a pianist composer.

Lista characters
InuYasha.

Plane (tool)
A plane is a tool for shaping wood.

Lumber
Lumber Timber is a term wood from time trees are felled, to its end product as a material suitable for industrial use—as structural material for construction wood pulp for paper production.

El Puerto de Santa María
El Puerto de Santa María  is a city located on banks Guadalete River in province Cádiz, Spain.

Bearing (mechanical)
A bearing is a device to permit fixed direction motion between twos, typically rotation linear movement.

Bush (mechanical)
A bush is a mechanical fixing between two, possibly moving,s, a strengthened fixing point where mechanical assembly is.

Suspension (vehicle)
Suspension is term given to system springs, shock absorbers linkages that connects a vehicle to its wheels.

Suzuki method
The Suzuki method,  is a way teaching.

Natsumi Kawahara
Natsumi Kawahara（かわはらなつみ "Kawahara Natsumi" July, 1981）is manga artist.

Pará
Pará (pron.

Constituent (politics)
A constituent isone who elects another person asir representative in government.

Constituent (linguistics)
In syntactic analysis, a constituent is a word a group words that functions as a single unit within a hierarchical structure.

Spindle (textiles)
A spindle  is a wooden spike  that has at end aight,ly a circular whorl.

Whorl
Whorl is a type spiral pattern.

Whorl (spindle)
A whorl is a circularight spindle that is used as a flywheel.

Flywheel
A flywheel is a heavy disk wheel that is rotating shaft.

Potter's wheel
The potter's wheel, also known as potter's lathe, is a machine used in shaping round ceramic wares.

Nikolai Rubinstein
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein  was a pianist composer.

Okinawan language
Okinawan language'"（沖縄語　おきなわご　"Okinawago"、琉球語　りゅうきゅうご "Ryuukyuugo"　ウチナーグチ "Uchina-guchi"）is a language spoken in Okinawa Amami regions.

Imbolc
Imbolc is a festival belonging to Brigid, Celtic goddess who, in later times, became famous as a saint.

Baseball (ball)
A baseball is a ball used in sport same, baseball.

Battle Worcester
The Battle Worcester was final battle Civil War.

James Marsters
James Marsters  is an guitarist, singer, actor.

Emma Caulfield
Emma Caulfield  is an actress.

Michelle Trachtenberg
Michelle Christine Trachtenberg  is an television movie actress.

Summer Glau
Summer Glau  is an dancer actress.

Band (anthropology)
In anthropology, bands are tiniest societies, consisting typically 5-80 people, allm close relatives by birth by marriage.

Infertility
Infertile means not able to have children otherfspring.

Betrayal
Betrayal is when a person break trust faith others that trustm.

Crane (machine)
A crane is a mechanical lifting device equipped with hoists, wire ropes sheaves that can be used both to lift lower materials to movem horizontally.

Data mining
Data mining is a term from computer science.

Japanese sword schools
Japanese schools sword making can be categories: by provinces whereyre developed by masters who created a specific tradition sword making.

Ornamental
Annamental plant is a plant that is grown for how it looks not for its commercial other value.

List garden plants
This is aial list garden plants, plants that can be cultivated in garden, listed alphabetically by genus.

List plants by common
The commons plantsten vary from region to region, which is why plant encyclopedias refer to plants using binomials, "Latin"s.

Celt
The Celtsre many tribes in Europe.They paintedmselves in blue.

Free
In economics free means a that is available without production,refore not scarce.

Hoist
A hoist is a device lowering a load by means a drum lift-wheel around which rope chain wraps.

Eugene Onegin (opera)
"Eugene Onegin"  is an opera by Pyotr Tchaikovsky.

Basingstoke
Basingstoke is ae town inire,d.

Ununquadium
Ununquadium is a chemical element.

Brontosaurus
Brontosaurus  was a dinosaur which is now an Apatosaurus.

Fate
Fate destiny is idea that future is already planned even if people do not knowir fate is .

Hoffmann von Fallersleben
August Heinrichn , who usedn von Fallersleben as his pen, was a poet.

Lake Peipus
Lake Peipus  is ae fresh water lake.

Tanto
The Tanto is a sword dagger.

Clint Dempsey
Clint Dempsey  is an footballer from Texas.

Runaway Brain
"Runaway Brain" is an animated movie released on September 22, 1934 by United Artists.

Maltese language
Maltese is language Malta, a language Union.

Persuasion
Persuasion is a influence.

Ögedei
Ögedei  was son Genghis Great Mongol Empire, after his father.

Heligoland
Heligoland is a group islands in North Sea.

Cooperation
Cooperation is when people work together to makeir lives better, even thoughy are free to not work together, receive little if any money for working together.

Robert F. Kennedy
Robertcis "Bobby" Kennedy , also called RFK, was brother U.S.

Umbilical cord
The umbilical cord is tube that connects unborn child mother together.

Josef Mengele
Dr Josef Mengele , was a SSficer a physician in Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz.

Francis I Austria
Francis I, Emperor Austria  also wascis II, Holy Emperor .

Wilhelm Iy
Wilhelm I family, was a king Prussia  Emperor .

Amami
Amami（奄美　あまみ）is a group islands inima prefecture in Kyūshū region.

Formal
Formal is a word anything that has structure.

Kyūshū
Kyūshū  is island.

Presentation
Presentation is process presenting content a topic to an audience.

Keynote (software)
Keynote is a presentation software application made by Apple for its Mac OS X operating system.

Claymore
The claymore is a sword.

Tamahagane
Tamahagane is a high quality metal  made in tradition.

Graviton
Ifone found, it could lead to aory which would join together four main physical forces: electromagnetism, gravity, strong nuclear forceak nuclear force.

Higgs boson
The Higgs boson is an elementaryicle that has been thought to give everything mass, but it may may not exist.

Presentation software
A presentation software is a computer software package information, normally in a slide show.

Liqueur
A liqueur is a sweet-tasting alcoholic drink.

Militarism
Militarism militarist ideology is a view on society.

The Queen Spades (opera)
"The Queen Spades"  is an opera by Tchaikovsky.

Growth-share matrix
The growth-share matrix (aka B.C.G.

Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Office PowerPoint is a presentation program Windows Mac OS computer operating systems.

Qi Xi
Qi Xi,times called Valentine's Day, Magpie Festival, Double Seventh Festival is a traditional romantic festival in China.

Anna Nicole Smith
Anna Nicole Smith  was an model, actress celebrity.

Ciao (magazine)
Ciao  is a shōjo manga magazine published by for young girls .

Latex (text processing system)
LaTeX is a system printed text look using a computer.

First War Independence
The First War Independence lasted frombreak war in 1296 until 1328.

Johnd
John, King Scots  is usually known as John Balliol, correctly, John de Balliol.

Soul patch
A soul patch is a style facial hair in which hair is only found below lower lip above chin.

Wars Independence
The Wars Independencere a series military campaigns fought betweendd in late early centuries.

Autotroph
An autotroph  "trophe" ) is anganism that makesganic compounds from simple molecules.

Airce
Airce is airlines, based ince.

Air Dolomiti
Air Dolomiti is a regional airline from in Verona in Italy.

Hampshire
Hampshire is a county in south UK.

Manuel Pereira da Silva
Manuel Pereira da Silva  was a sculptor.

Yeti
The yeti is an animal said to live in Himalaya mountain range.

Primality test
A Primality test is a method  to find if a certain number is a prime number.

Padding (cryptography)
Padding is a term used in cryptography.

Modular arithmetic
Modular arithmetic  is a way arithmetic calculation with integers.

Dictionary attack
A Dictionary attack is a method used in cryptography.

Rockyo
Roccociso, better known as Rockyo , was an boxer.

Exponentiation by squaring
Exponentiating by squaring is an algorithm.

Smart card
A smart card is a card with a microchip in it.

Coprime
In mathematics, two integers  are coprime  ify share no common factors.

Euler's totient function
In numberory, totientula_1 a positive integer "n" is number positive integers than "n" which are coprime to "n".

Key (cryptography)
In cryptography, a key  is a piece information that allows control over encryption decryption process.

Hollywood, Florida
Hollywood is a city in Broward County in Florida in United States.

Magnetic stripe card
A Magnetic stripe card is a plastic card which has a magnetic stripe on it.

Payphone
A payphone is a telephone that lets public make phone calls ify pay form.

Sami people
Sami  is an ethnic group people living ind.

Lapland
Lapland is northerndia.

Judah
The Kingdom Judah was a kingdom that existed from 930 BCE to 586 BCE.

Gantt chart
A Gantt chart is a type bar chart that shows a project schedule.

Mind map
A mind map is a drawing words, ideas, tasks other things.

Dia
Dia is open source software that is diagrams.

Talent
"Mozart had a talent for music.

Cathay Pacific
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited is an airline from Hong Kong.

Talent (weight)
A talent  is an ancient unit mass.

Bede
Bede  "Beda"), (ca.

Phototroph
Phototrophs "" photoautotrophs "" areganisms which carry photosynthesis.

NTFS
NTFS is a file system.

File system
A File system  is a way storing all data on a data storage device.

David IId
David II  King Scots, son King Robert Bruce by his wife, Elizabeth de Burgh (d.

Lied
Lied  is word for “song” .

Aurora
Aurora is fire thattimes comes to sky at cold areas Earth.

Nordic countries
Nordic countries are a group countries in northern Europe.

Going Underground
"Going Underground" was The Jam's number song on UK charts.

Paasselkä devil
Paasselkä devils  are stories about balls light at lake Paasselkä,d.

Aurora (mythology)
Aurora was ancient equivalent Eos.

Ukko
Ukko was god in paganism, a religion that was ind beforeity.

Väinämöinen
Väinämöinen is an important person in mythology.

Ilmarinen
Ilmarinen is an important person in mythology.

Finnish paganism
Finnish paganism was a pagan religion ind Karelia before peopleres.

Feedback
Feedback is when effect a process  have a connection to its cause .

Phosphate
A phosphate is a salt phosphoric acid.

Cerebrum
The cerebrum is brain.

Karelia
Karelia is area in eastern fennoscandia to east from where people lives.

Kalevala
Kalevala is national epic.

Edredd
King Edred "Eadred" (c.

Plant pathology
Plant pathology phytopathology is study plant diseases.

Chytridiomycota
Chytridiomycota is a phylum Fungi kingdom.

List U.S. states by traditional abbreviation
This is a list traditional abbreviations for U.S.

Saprotroph
A Saprotroph  is anganism that gets its energy from non-livingganic matter.

Giacomo Puccini
Giacomo Puccini  was famous opera composer after Verdi.

Pharaoh Hound
The Pharaoh Hound is a breed dog.

Mycelium
The Mycelium is a fungus that is underground .

Lviv
Lviv  is capital city Lviv Oblast in Ukraine.

Orchestra pit
Anchestra pit is space where anchestra plays in aatre opera house.

Will o' wisp
Will o' wisps are lights in darkness at groud near ground.

Ghost light
Ghost lights are lights in air that scientists dont unerstand much don't knowy are.

Roman Giertych
Roman Jacek Giertych is a Minister Education ind.

Smoothie
Smoothies are a type cold drink made from a liquid , crushed ice ice cubes, different fruits .

Sheave (mechanical)
A sheave  is a wheel roller with a groove along its edge for holding a belt, rope cable.

Unidentified flying object
A UFO  is any object flying in sky which cannot be identified by person who sees it.

Second War Independence
The Second War Independence began in 1333 when Edward IIId did not accept 1328 Treaty Northampton any more, under whichd recognised legitimacy dynasty established by Robert Bruce.

U.S. postal abbreviations
This is a list abbreviations used by United States Postal Service.

Booing
Booing means shouting "BOO!" If people shout "boo" after a performance y are showing thaty did not it.

Applause
Applause is noise made by an audience who are clappingir hands  to thankone for a performance.

Kyle Busch
Kyle Thomas Busch  is a NASCAR race car driver.

498a
498a is an law in which a husband his family are summarily arrested without any investigation when a complaint is lodged by wife any her relative claiming that husband his relatives treated her cruelly.

Caesar cipher
The Caesar cipher is a method cryptography.

Social engineering
Social engineering is a method people use to influence people to get secret information.

Hydroponics
Hydroponics Hydroculture is method growing plants in nutrients thaty need instead soil.

Crop rotation
A crop rotation is practice moving different crops on same land.

A Hard Day's Night
"A Hard Day’s Night" was a 1964 album by The Beatles, released on July that year.

Changeling
In stories , a changeling is child a troll, elf, fairy that has been left in place a human child.

Bomb
A bomb is an explosive device that makes lets its energy very quickly has a shock wave.

Yūko Kohara
Yūko Kohara  was born on August 4, 1977 in Nagasaki,.

Dieter Bohlen
Dieter Gunther Bohlen is a musician, born on 7 February 1954.

SWOT Analysis
SWOT Analysis is a tool to find "S"trengths, "W"eaknesses, "O"pportunities, "T"hreats that are to be expected in a project in a business venture inthing similar.

Project
A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product service.

Central Time Zone
The Central Time Zone subtracts six hours from UTC during standard time  five hours during daylight saving time .

Gioachino Rossini
Gioachino Rossini  was an composer.

Salerno
Salerno is a southern city with a port.

Opera house
An opera house is a building where operas ballets are performed.

Kullervo
Kullervo is a person in national epos Kalevala.

Ephraïm Inoni
Ephraïm Inoni  is Prime Minister Cameroon, a country in centralst Africa.

Compton scattering
In physics, Compton scattering, Compton effect, is to energy an X-ray gamma ray photon when it interacts with matter; wavelength increases.

Scottsdale, Arizona
Scottsdale is a city in southwest State Arizona.

REO Speedwagon
REO Speedwagon is an rock band.

Carlisle
Carlisle is a city in northd near border withd.

Stanislas Konarski
Stanislas Konarski , born September 1700 in Żarczyce; died August 1773 in Warsaw , was a teacher writer.

Gaetano Donizetti
Gaetano Donizetti  was an composer.

Blonde
A blonde person isone with light coloured hair.

Harold
Maurice Harold, Earl Stockton , was Prime Minister United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963.

Baltic countries
Baltic countries are three countries in Europe at eastern side Baltic Sea at southern side Gulfd.

Crucifixion
Crucifixion is a method execution, deliberate killingone, usually becausey have committed crime.

Steeple
A steeple is tower at top a church, which is a building temple religion.

Baltic paganism
When say Balticism actually mean many different religions mythologies that people had in Baltic countries beforeity that people still have.

Oxidation
Oxidation is any chemical reaction that is combination a metal with a gas.

Kaleva
Kaleva Kalevi his sons are people creatures in, stories.

Yellowstone National Park
Yellowstone National Park was national park in world.

National park
A national park is a park that was created by a nation's government.

William Ewart Gladstone
William Ewart Gladstone  was a prime minister United Kingdom.

Anthony Eden
Robert Anthony Eden, Earl Avon  was a prime minister United Kingdom.

Stanley Baldwin
Stanley Baldwin  was a prime minister United Kingdom three times.

Alec Douglas-Home
Alexander Frederick Douglas-Home, Baron Home Hirsel  was a prime minister United Kingdom.

Benjamin Disraeli, Earl Beaconsfield
Benjamin Disraeli, Earl Beaconsfield , born Benjamin D'Israeli, was a prime minister United Kingdom.

William Pitt, Earl Chatham
William Pitt, Earl Chatham  was a prime minister United Kingdom.

H. H. Asquith
H.

Commerce
Commerce is another word for trade business, can mean simply buying sellings services.

Pine
Pine is a type a evergreen tree.

Philip IIce
Philip IIce , was Kingce from 1180 to 1223.

Pohjola
Pohjola is an evil country in ancient stories.

Gulfd
Gulfd is a body water that points east from Baltic Sea withd on its north side Estonia on its south side.

Edmund IId
Edmund IId  was a kingd.

Arthur Balfour
Arthur James Balfour, Earl Balfour, KG, OM, PC  was a Conservative statesman Prime Minister United Kingdom from 1902 until 1905.

Henry Pelham
Henry Pelham  was a Whig statesman, who served as Prime Minister Great Britain from 27 August 1743 to his death about ten years later.

List U.S. states by elevation
This is a list United States states by elevation.

Languages United States
United States right now has noficial language, but, is spoken national language.

Household income in United States
The Household income in United States is a measure current private income commonly used by United States government private institutions.

Toxicology
Toxicology is study negative effects chemicals on living things.

Monte Carlo
Monte Carlo is capital city Monaco, cityre.

Trickery
Trickery is act misdirection  an illusion .

Slideshow
Slideshow means a show slides.

Slide
In photography, a slide is a a thin translucent photograph bound in paper, plastic similar frameten with use a slide projector for a slideshow.

Slide (disambiguation)
Slide could be.

Slide projector
A slide projector is an instrument to view photographic slides.

Video projector
A video projector takes a video signal projects corresponding image on a screen using a lens system.

Peanut
A peanut is a type nut.

Trans Railway
Thes Railway  is a project to build a freight railway across Europe Asia.

Wall Street 1929
The Wall Street 1929 was a stock market crash on New York Stockge on October 29, 1929.

Greater London
Greater London is an administrative district.

Chemical Weapons Convention
The Chemical Weapons Convention  is an arms control agreement whichlaws production, stockpiling use chemicalapons.

Levi Strauss
Levi Strauss  was a-born maker clothing.

Princess Peach
Princess Peach Toadstool  is a character in Mario game series.

Princess Daisy
Princess Daisy is a character from Super Mario video games series.

Fixed Dose Procedure
The fixed-dose procedure  was proposed in 1984 to test a substance's acuteal toxicity using fewer animals with suffering than older LD50 test which was developed in 1927.

Tentacle rape
Tentacle rape shokushu goukan  is anime based pornography involving rape  women.

Neapolitan
Neapolitan means "from city Naples in Italy".

Bel canto
Bel canto is a way singing in opera.

Midori Days
Midori Days is an anime about a girl who falls in love so badly that when she dies shehow wakes up love interest's right hand.

Matter
Matter is substance material which all things are made.

Innocence
Innocence is opposite guilt.

Symphonic poem
A symphonic poem tone poem is a piecechestral music which has a story describesthing such as poem a painting any idea which is not music.

Melody
A melody in music is a tune.

Steve Jobs
Steven Paul Jobs  is co-founder, chairman CEO Apple.

Apostolic Palace
The Apostolic Palace, also called Papal Palace Palace, isficial residence Pope in City.

G-string
A G-string thong is a narrow piece cloth leather, plastic that passes between buttocks.

Transcendental number
A real complex number is called transcendental number if it cannot be found as a result an algebraic equation with integer coefficients.

Thong sandal
Thongs are sandals that are also known as flip-flops.

Flip-flop
In footwear fashion, flip-flops are a flat, backless sandal that consist a flat sole held on foot by a u-shaped strap that passes between  toes around either side foot, at three points, commonly known as thong strap.

Thong, Kent
Thong is a village in Kent,d.

Hamlet (place)
A Hamlet is a a settlement, than a village.

Recording Industry Association America
The Recording Industry Association America RIAA is anganization that was created paid for bye record companies.

Mar del Plata
Mar del Plata is a city Argentina in Buenos Aires Province.

Pope Boniface VIII
Pope Boniface VIII (c.

Signal (electrical engineering)
In fields communications, signal processing, in electrical engineering more generally, a signal is any time-varying quantity.

Eddie August Schneider
Eddie August Schneider  set transcontinental airspeed record for pilots under age twenty-one in 1930.

Córdoba, Argentina
Córdoba is a city located in center Argentina, about 700 km from Buenos Aires.

Air Newd
Air Newd is a passenger airline fromd, Newd.

Air Jamaica
Air Jamaica is national airline Jamaica from Kingston, Jamaica.

Ecosystem valuation
Ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool to find impact human activities on an environmental system.

Economist
An economist isone who studies has a job in economics, study how people make choices to satisfyir wants.

Conservative Party (UK)
The Conservative Party is main politicalies in United Kingdom.

Sandwich
A sandwich is a light snack prepared by placing various fillings between two pieces bread.

Artillery
Artillery is a word for guns used in an army, for example cannons howitzers.

House Lords
The House Lords is two Houses Parliament United Kingdom .

Acapulco
Acapulco is a town sea port on Pacific coast Mexico, 300 km  southwest from Mexico City.

Grail sword
The Grail Sword is a mythological sword which has unclearigins as Holy Grail  itself.

Deutsche Bahn
Deutsche Bahn AG is Europe's railway company.

Vienna Convention on Law Treaties
The Vienna Convention on Law Treaties is a contractational law.

Amnestyational
Amnestyational  is an internationalganisation.

Teletubbies
Teletubbies is a BAFTA award winning BBC television show for toddlers.

FLAC
FLAC  is a way to encode audio files.

Enabling Act
The Enabling Act  was passed byy's parliament  on March 23, 1933.

Pulmonary hypertension
Pulmonary hypertension PH is a disease wherere is high blood pressure in lungs.

Decameron
The "Decameron" is a collection 100 stories.

Lung transplant
A lung transplant is a type surgery.

Commodity
Commodity is a term with distinct meanings in both business in political economy.

Commodity markets
Commodity markets are markets where raw primary products are exchanged.

Political economy
Political economy wasiginal term for study production, acts buying selling,ir relationships to laws, customs government.

My Lai Massacre
The My Lai Massacre  was killing hundreds civilians by United States troops at village My Lai, Vietnam on March 16, 1968.

Henry IId
Henry IId  was son Geoffrey Anjou Empress Matilda.

Damascus
Damascus is Capital city Syria.

Heart-lung transplant
A heart-lung transplant is a type surgery to help people who have very sick hearts lungs.

Ronnie Barker
Ronald William George Barker , popularly known as Ronnie Barker  Gerald Wiley, was an comic actor writer.

Guantánamo Bay
"This article is about body water.

Guantanamo (disambiguation)
Guantánamoamo can mean different things .

Guantánamo province
Guantánamo is easternmost province Cuba.

Havana province
Havana Province, , Cuba, is provinces Cuba.

Santiago de Cuba province
Santiago de Cuba Province is populated province in island Cuba.

Granma province
Granma is provinces Cuba.

Vail, Colorado
Vail is a town in state Colorado.

Holguín province
Holguín is provinces Cuba, populous after Ciudad de laa.

Las Tunas province
Las Tunas is provinces Cuba.

Paul Hartley
Paul Hartley  is a football player.

Camagüey province
Camagüey is provinces Cuba.

Ciego de Ávila province
Ciego de Ávila is provinces Cuba, was previously Camagüey Province.

Sancti Spíritus province
Sancti Spíritus is provinces Cuba.

Villa Clara province
Villa Clara is provinces Cuba.

Cienfuegos province
Cienfuegos  is provinces Cuba.

Matanzas province
Matanzas is provinces Cuba.

Pinar del Río province
Pinar del Río is provinces Cuba.

Isla de la Juventud
The Isle Youth  is island after Cuba itself.

Hergé
Georges Remi  also known as Hergé, was a cartoonist from Belgium.

Louisville, Kentucky
Louisville, Kentucky is city in state Kentucky in USA.

Mountmore
Mountmore is a famous mountain in United States in South Dakota.

West Side Story
West Side Story is a famous musical based on Romeo Juliet.

Lorscheid
Lorscheid is a village a Ruwer  near Trier ind-Palatinate,y.

Thrash metal
Thrash metal is a type heavy metal music, extreme metal types music, that is characterised by its high speed aggression.

Anthrax (US band)
Anthrax is a thrash metal band from New York City, USA.

Heinrich Himmler
Heinrich Himmler  was leader SS Gestapoganisation.

Scone, Perth Kinross
Scone  is a town in Perth Kinross,d.

Coronation
A coronation is a ceremony that gives a monarch regal royal power.

Perth Kinross
Perth Kinross  is 32 unitary council areas ind.

Cylon
The Cylons are fictional robots on science fiction television series "Battlestar Galactica".

Gestapo
The Gestapo wasficial secret police Naziy.

Skrewdriver
Skrewdriver was a punk rock banded in Blackpool,d in 1976 by Ian Stuart Donaldson.

Jaroslaw Kaczynski
Jarosław Kaczyński  was Prime Ministerd .

Sierpc
Sierpc is a city ind inip.

Heart failure
Heart failure is when heart cannot pump bloodll.

George Bernard Shaw
George Bernard Shaw  was an writer.

Kalash
The a, are an ethnic group Hindu mountain range.

Tuareg people
The Tuareg Arabic:طوارق  are a Berber ethnic group.

Kinahmi
In mythology, Kinahmi is a great whirl in sea.

Giovanni Boccaccio
Giovanni Boccaccio  was an author poet.

Hopwood,ire
Hopwood is a settlement located inire,d, south Birmingham.

Integral
An integral helps to find how much space is under a graphthing.

Aneurysm
An aneurysm  is a blood-filled bulge a blood vessel.

Prefrontal cortex
The prefrontal cortex is a brain that helps to control behaviour.

Digimon
Digimon is a anime television series.

Steve Ballmer
Steve Ballmer , is CEO Microsoft Corporation.

Tears
Tears are a liquid made by body to clean lubricate eyes.

1203
1203 is a year in century.

1208
1208 is a year in century.

1211
1211 is a year in century.

1213
1213 is a year in century.

15
15 is a year in century.

16
16 is a year in century.

17
17 is a year in century.

18
18 is a year in century.

19
19 is a year in century.

20
20 is a year in century.

21
21 is a year in century.

22
22 is a year in century.

23
23 is a year in century.

24
24 is a year in century.

25
25 is a year in century.

26
26 is a year in century.

27
27 is a year in century.

28
28 is a year in century.

29
29 is a year in century.

31
31 is a year in century.

32
32 is a year in century.

33
33 is a year in century.

34
34 is a year in century.

36
36 is a year in century.

38
38 is a year in century.

Andrew Bonar Law
Andrew Bonar Law  was Prime Minister United Kingdom Bonar Law was in 1900 as a member Conservative Party.

39
39 is a year in century.

Pulmonary artery
The pulmonary artery is a blood vessel that connects heart to lungs.

Heartbeat
Heart sounds are sounds that heart makes when it pumps blood.

Artery
An artery is a blood vessel that carries blood away from heart to others body.

Jönköping
Jönköping is a city in Sweden.

Warwickshire
Warwickshire  is a county in centrald.

Doppler effect
Doppler effect is a change in frequency wavelength a wave.

Monagas Sport Club
Monagas Sport Club is a club football from Maturín, Venezuela.

Vättern
Vättern is lake in Sweden.

Uppsala
Uppsala is a city in Sweden.

Summer Love
The Summer Love is for summer 1967 in United States, especially in Haight-Ashbury district Sancisco, California.

Appenzell Innerrhoden
Appenzell Innerrhoden is twenty-six cantonsd.

Cataphile
A cataphile, also known as an urban explorer "kata", is a person who illegally explores catacombs underneath Paris,ce.

Staffordshire
Staffordshire  is a county in Westds regiond.

Reign
A reign is rule a monarch .

Late Cretaceous
The Late Cretaceous is a time period in geology.

Thai language
The Thai language is nationalficial languaged mother tongue Thai people,d's main ethnic group.

Newd Patriots
The Newd Patriots are an football team in National Football League.

Digenea
Digenea are a type flatworms.

Aspidogastrea
The Aspidogastrea (gr.

Theropoda
Theropods  are a group bipedal saurischian dinosaurs.

Iwasawaory
In numberory, Iwasawaory is a Galois moduleory ideal class groups, started by Kenkichi Iwasawa, in 1950s, asory cyclotomic fields.

Ring (mathematics)
In mathematics a ring is a certain algebraic structure.

989
989 is a year in century.

988
988 is a year in century.

987
987 is a year in century.

986
986 is a year in century.

Pablo Neruda
Pablo Neruda  was a poet who won Nobel Prize for literature in 1971.

The Truth about Nanjing
"The Truth about Nanjing" is a movie in making.

Nanking Massacre
The Nanking Massacre is a genocide that took place in Nanjing, China during Second World War.

Neoliberalism
Neoliberalism is a term for different social economic ideas.

Cartel
In economics, a cartel is when a group independent companies work together.

Oligopoly
In economics, an oligopoly is when a market is controlled by a number sellers.

Markets
In economics, market structure  describes state a market with respect to competition.

Perfect competition
Perfect competition is a market.

Monopolistic competition
Monopolistic competition is a market.

Supply demand
Supply demand is a model microeconomics.

Elasticity (economics)
In economics, people talk about elasticity supply, demand, price.

Worcestershire
Worcestershire  is a county in Westds region centrald.

Zlín
Zlín  is a town in Czech Republic.

Metamorphosis
Metamorphosis in biology means process transformation an insect amphibian from an immature to an adult in two more distinct stages.

Resilience
Resilience generally means ability to recover from shock disturbance.

St Andrews
St Andrews is a town, that has its from Saint Andrew Apostle is a royal burgh on east coast Fife,d, an important home golf.

St Andrews (disambiguation)
The element St Andrew, St.

1911 Encyclopædianica
The "Encyclopædianica" Eleventh Edition  is perhaps famous edition "Encyclopædianica".

Pontiac
Pontiac is an automobile manufacturer, owned by General Motors.

Buick
Buick is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.

Cadillac
Cadillac is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.

Chevrolet
Chevrolet, also known as Chevy, is an automobile manufacturing company owned by General Motors.

Sportscar
A sportscar is a, fast, quick-turning automobile.

Oldsmobile
Oldmobile was an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.

GMC
GMC is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.

Saturn automobile
Saturn is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors, established on January 7, 1985.

Holden
Holden is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.

HUMMER
HUMMER is a type Sport utility vehicle, sold by General Motors.

Vauxhall Motors
Vauxhall is an car maker, owned by General Motors.

Battle Dunkirk
The Battle Dunkirk took place in 1940, near beginning World War II.

1971 atrocities
The 1971 atrocities refer to murder many people in  also unfair treatment carried by National Army  during Civil War Indoi War 1971.

Iwao Takamoto
Iwao Takamoto  was a animator, television producer, film director.

Mussel
The term mussel is families bivalve molluscs.

Gastropoda
The gastropods, gasteropods, univalves, are class mollusks.

Limpet
Limpets are marine gastropod molluscs inder Patellogastropoda.

Abalone
Abalone  are a type shellfish.

Shellfish
Shellfish is a culinary term for aquatic invertebrates used as food: molluscs, crustaceans, echinoderms.

Alban Berg
Alban Berg  was an composer.

Herefordshire
Herefordshire  is a county in Westds regiond.

Conch
A conch  "konch" ) is a sea-dwelling mollusk.

Gloucestershire
Gloucestershire  is a county in South Westd.

Cowry
Cowry shells , are marine snails genus "Cypraea" , found chiefly in tropical regions.

Wiltshire
Wiltshire  is ae southern county.

Westds (county)
The County Westds is a metropolitan county instern centrald with a population around 2,600,000 people.

Conurbation
A conurbation is an urban area that includes a number cities, towns villages which, through population growth expansion, have physically built up area.

Dunkirk
Dunkirk  is a harbour city in northernmostce, in department Nord, 10 kilometres  from border.

Limburg-Weilburg Rural District
Limburg-Weilburg is a Landkreis  inst Hesse,y.

Elz
Elz is a municipality a village in Hessen,y.

Cephalopod
The cephalopods ; "head-foot") are mollusk class Cephalopoda characterized by bilateral body symmetry, a prominent head, a modification mollusk foot, a muscular hydrostat, into arms tentacles.

Cuttlefish
Cuttlefish are sea animalsder Sepiida belonging to Cephalopoda class .

Nautilus
Nautilus  is common seveal cephalopods.

Logarithmic spiral
A logarithmic spiral, equiangular spiral growth spiral is a special spiral curve whichten appears in nature.

Small White
The Small White  is a to mid-sized butterfly Yellows Whites Pieridae family.

Argonauta
The argonauts  are a group pelagic octopuses.

Camouflage
Camouflage is method that makes it very difficult to see an object that normally could be seen veryll.

Extant taxon
In biology, extant taxon is a term to species, genera families that are still in existence .

Echinoderm
Echinoderms are a phylum  animals that can find at all depths oceans.

Das Rheingold
Das Rheingold  is an opera by Richard Wagner.

Die Walküre
"Die Walküre"  is an opera by Richard Wagner.

Siegfried (opera)
"Siegfried" is an opera by Richard Wagner.

Götterdämmerung
"Götterdämmerung" is an opera by Richard Wagner.

Der Ring des Nibelungen
"Der Ring des Nibelungen" ) is a cycle four operas by Richard Wagner.

Väki
In mythology, Väki means races Haltijas ir magical powers.

Desalinisation
Desalinisation is a processes.

Sudetenland
Thed was a mountainous area Czechoslovakia.

1375
1375 is a year in century.

Coral (color)
Coral is a reddish pinkish shadeange.

Crimson
Crimson is deep purplish red color between red rose.

Rose (color)
Rose is color halfway between red magenta on color wheel.

Maroon (color)
Maroon is a dark red color.

Ochre
Ochre Ocher is a golden-yellow light yellowish brown colour.

Teal (color)
Teal is a deep bluish-green color; a dark cyan.

Navy blue
Navy blue navy is a very dark shade color blue.

Lime (color)
Lime is a yellowish green color.

Jochen Rindt
Karl Jochen Rindt  was an racecar driver.

Claudio Arrau
Claudio Arrau León  was a classical pianist greatest classical pianists century.

Patriotism
Patriotism means loyalty person to his/her own nation leaders nation.

Misogyny
Misogyny means hating women.

Malmeneich
Malmeneich is a village in Hesse,y.

United Parcel Service
United Parcel Service  is an company that transports packages.

Gómez Pereira
Gómez Pereira  was a philosopher, doctor, humanist from Medina del Campo.

Spore (video game)
Spore is a computer game made by Will Wright.

Tilia
"Tilia" is a genus about 30 species trees in Hemisphere, in Asia , Europe eastern North America; it is absent fromstern North America.

Cartesian coordinate system
In mathematics, coordinate system is each point uniquely in a plane through two numbers, usually called "x-coordinate" "y-coordinate" point.

Polar coordinate system
In mathematics, polar coordinate system is a two-dimensional coordinate system in which each point on a plane is determined by an angle a distance.

Gold (color)
Gold golden is a yellowishange color, that is a bit color metal gold.

Provinces Cuba
Cuba is provinces special municipality.

Singing
Singing means making music with voice.

Amish
The, also known asia Dutch, are a group people who prefer simple lifestyles.

Jeddah
Jeddah  is a Saudi city located on coast Red Sea .

Horatio Nelson
Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson  was an sea captain in Royal Navy.

Turquoise (color)
Turquoise is color gem turquoise.

Amber (color)
Amber is a yellowish-orange color that got its from material known as amber.

Sea captain
A sea captain, also known as a skipper, is leader on a ship.

Djurgårdens IF
Djurgårdens IF is an football club.

Brain stem
The brain stem is lowest brain.

Ideology
An ideology is a collection beliefs shared by a group people.

Amethyst (colour)
The colour amethyst is a moderate, transparent purple.

Mauve
"This is an article about colour mauve.

Iran-Iraq War
The-Iraq War was a war between armed forces Iraq lasting from September 1980 to August 1988.

Germ
Germs are bacteria, amoeba, protozoa other tiny  animals that can cause people to become sick.

Lavender (color)
Lavender is a shade violet.

Lilac (colour)
Lilac is a purple colour.

Rajkumar
Dr.

Nicholas
Nicholas is a male.

Freedom fighter
A Freedom fighter is a person who thinks his native ethnic group is not free, is working to have freedom for his group.

Wood grain
Wood grain describes alignment, texture appearance wood fibres.

Groove (joinery)
In joinery, a groove is a slot trench cut into a member which runs parallel to grain.

Sepultura
Sepultura is a thrash metal/groove metal band from Brazil.

Dalai Lama
The Dalai Lama is a religious figure in buddhism.

Serenity (movie)
"Serenity" is a science fiction spacestern movie.

Woodworking joints
Joineryten refers to woodworking that involves joining togethers wood.

Subclass (biology)
A subclass is a rank used in biological taxonomy allganisms.

George Grenville
George Grenville  was Prime Minister Great Britain.

Harald III Norway
Harald III Norway  was king Norway.

Captain
A Captain is a military rank.

Wire rope
Wire rope consists several strands laid  together a helix.

Liekkiö
Liekkiö  Ihtiriekko is a ghost a bastard child in mythology.

Bastard
A bastard is a person who was born parents who are not.

Gödel number
Inal numberory a Gödel numbering is a function which assigns to each symbolulaal language a unique natural number called a Gödel number .

Formal language
In mathematics, logic, computer science, aal language is a language that is defined in a precise mathematical way.

Alphabet (computer science)
In computer science, an alphabet is a finite set characters digits.

Empty string
The empty string is unique string no characters over alphabet Σ.

Old Possum's Book Practical Cats
"Old Possum's Book Practical Cats" is a book poems about cats.

Concatenation
Concatenation is a simple concept from computer science.

Identity element
In mathematics, identity element  a set is a special element that set.

Inverse function
An inverse function is a concept mathematics.

Countable set
A countable set is a set which has same cardinality  as set natural numbers.

Computable function
A Computable function is a notion from computer science.

Pharmacist
A pharmacist is a person who works in a pharmacy.

Thoosa
In Greek mythology, Thoosa was mother cyclops Polyphemus.

Perch
Perch is a type fish.

Puce
Puce is a deep rose brownish-purple colour.

Scarlet
Scarlet is a slightlyangish red colour.

Worship
Worship is a wordten used in religion.

Claudius
Tiberius Claudius Caesar Augustusicus   was Emperor Julio dynasty.

Nero
Nero Claudius Caesar Augustusicus , born Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus, also called Nero for, was last Emperor Julio dynasty.

Trade union
A trade union is anganisation group workers who join together to get better pay, hours, benefits, working conditions.

Officer
Anficer is a person who holds a high rank in a uniformedganisation military police.

Tachi
The tachi is a sword, which has a strongly curved blade is longer than a katana.

Machaira
Machaira was a rare mythic sword used in Basileus cult.

Lucerne
Lucerne  is a city ind.

Eastern Hemisphere
it it is eaststst east Hemisphere, also hemisphere, is a geographical term for half Earth that is east Primestational Date Line.

Hertfordshire
Hertfordshire is a county ind.

Early Jurassic
The Early Jurassic is a geological time period.

Congress
In politics, a congress is main legislative group that makes laws for a state.

Personal digital assistant
A personal digital assistant  is a handheld computer.

Iberian Peninsula
The Peninsula, Iberia, is southwest Europe.

Kim
Kimberly Kathleen  is a socialite.

Ilham Aliyev
Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev  is President.

Flag Armenia
The national flag Armenia, Tricolor, has three horizontal bands equal width, red on top, blue in middle,ange on bottom.

Lake
Lake is a lake located in Armenia.

Armenian Kingdom Cilicia
The Kingdom Cilicia was a stateed inMiddle Ages by refugees fleeing Seljuk invasion Armenia.

Kingdom Armenia
The Kingdom Armenia was an independent kingdom from  190 BC to AD 165, a client state Empire from 165 to 428.

Jean Genet
Jean Genet , was a French writer later political activist.

Lisa Loeb
Lisa Anne Loeb  is an singer.

Mountain Time Zone
The Mountain Time Zone subtracts seven hours from UTC during standard time  six hours during daylight saving time .

Data structure
In Computer Science, a data structure is a method storing retrieving data.

Alex Lifeson
Alexander Zivojinovich , better known as Alex Lifeson, is a musician.

Hepatitis C
Hepatitis C is a disease caused by a virus in a human blood called "Hepatitis C virus".

Michel Foucault
Michel Foucault  was a French philosopher historian fromce.

XHTML
XHTML stands for Extensible Hypertextsfer Markup Language.

Suspension bridge
A suspension bridge is a type bridge that has been made since ancient times as early as 100 AD.

Sangria (colour)
Sangria is a dark slightly purplish red.

Coulomb
The coulomb  SI unit electric charge.

Leonhard Euler
Leonhard Euler   was a Swiss mathematician physicist.

Burgundy (colour)
Burgundy is a reddish shade purple.

Pigment
A pigment isthing that is added tothing else to give it color.

Sierra Nevada
Sierra Nevada may also refer to beer produced by Sierra Nevada Brewingy, a California brewery.

Anarchy in U.K.
"Anarchy in U.K." is a punk rock song by Sex Pistols.

My Chemicalce
My Chemicalce are a post-hardcore alternative rock band from New Jersey.

Cobalt blue
Cobalt blue is a cool blue colour.

Sapphire (colour)
Sapphire is a very deep shade blue.

Azure
Azure is a shade blue.

Viridian
Viridian is a blue-green color.

Tarsier
The tarsiers are prosimian primates.

Theoretical computer science
Theoretical computer science is a branch Computer science.

Pedestrian
A pedestrian is a person travelling on foot, whether walking running.

Patti Deutsch
Patti Deutsch  is actress who is known for appearing television game show "Match Game" in 1970s.

Body double
A body double is a person who works in movie television production industry.

Intergenerational conflict
An intergenerational conflict is either a conflict situation between teenagers adults a more abstract conflict between two generations, whichten involves prejudices against another generation.

Intergenerational contract
An intergenerational contract is an agreement between different generations.

Inca rope bridge
Inca Rope bridgesre simple suspension bridges over canyons gorges to provide access for Inca Empire.

Ewok
Ewoks are a fictional race, bear-like creatures from George Lucas' "Star Wars" universe.

Inca road system
The Inca road system  Peru was extensive among many roads trails thatre constructed in pre South America.

Columbia Pictures
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.

Jason
Jason was a hero Greek mythology.

Color code
A color code is a system for displaying information by using different colors.

Complementary color
Complementary colours are pairs opposite colours.

Decriminalize
Decriminalize is to makething that at time was illegal, legal.

Battledress
Battledress is a general term for military uniform worn into combat, as opposed to 'display' dressal uniforms worn at parades functions.

SketchUp
SketchUp is a 3D modelling program made for architects, engineers, filmmakers.

Islamism
Islamism is group ideologies that say that Islamic nations should be run by sharia .

Poitiers
Poitiers is a town on Clain River inst centralce.

Valence-sur-Rhône
Valence-sur-Rhône is a city in southce.

Anvil
An anvil is a hard piece metal which is used as a workbench when making things iron steel.

Inca Empire
The Inca Empire was empire in pre America, wase even by world standards.

Pre
The pre era means history prehistory Americas beforerere important influences on continent.

Duct tape
Duct tape is a very strong adhesive tape with a cloth backing.

Text editor
A text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create change text.

Valence (chemistry)
In Chemistry, Valence  is number chemical bonds atoms a certain element can.

Valence (Charente)
Valence is a village ince, in Poitou-Charentes.

Valence (Tarn-et-Garonne)
Valence is a village in Midi-Pyrénées regionce.

Valence-d'Albigeois
Valence-d'Albigeois is a village in departmentf Tarn, in French region Midi-Pyrénées.

Valence-en-Brie
Valence-en-Brie is a village in Île-dece region ince.

Valence-sur-Baïse
Valence-sur-Baïse is a city in Gers department Midi-Pyrénees region ince.

Bastide
Bastides are fortified towns.

Arcade
In architecture, an Arcade is a passage a walkway that is covered by arches vaults.

Military camouflage
Camouflage is a type clothing, fabric covering, painted pattern used by militaries armies to make it harder to see soldiersapons such as artillery guns military vehicles.

Assyrian Genocide
The Genocide was a genocide by Empire, estimates ranged from 650,000 highers thatre killed during raids massacres.

Democratic Republic Georgia
The Democratic Republic Georgia , 1918–1921, was modern establishment a Republic Georgia.

Alternative rock
Alternative rock is a type rock music that became popular in 1980s became widely popular in 1990s.

Anne
Anne  was a teacher known as tutor Helen Keller.

Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra
The Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra was founded in 1923.

Futrono
Futrono is 12 municipalities Valdivia province in Los Lagos Region Chile.

Tigranes Great
Tigranes Great    was king Armenia his country became for a time strongest state in East.

George Canning
George Canning  was a statesman politician who served as Foreign Secretary, briefly, Prime Minister.

Chester city walls
The Chester city walls are intact defensive walls around an important city Chester.

Physicalism
Physicalism is view that everything in universe is made physical stuff.

Herd
A herd is ae group animals.

Ungulate
Ungulates  are several groups mammals which use tipsir toes, usually hoofed, to sustainir whole bodyweight whilst moving.

Aylesbury
Aylesbury is county townire in south centrald.

Augusta, Georgia
Augusta is an city located in state Georgia.

Landsberg Prison
Landsberg Prison is a prison located in town Landsberg am Lech in southwest state Bavaria.

Melun
Melun is a city ince.

Midi-Pyrénées
Midi-Pyrenees  is a region in southce.

Alsace
Alsace  is 26 "régions"ce.

Lorraine
Lorraine is regionsce.

Auvergne
Auvergne is a regionce.

Bassedie
Bassedie  is administrative Regionsce.

Centre (French region)
Centre is a regionce.

Champagne-Ardenne
Champagne-Ardenne is a region in northce.

Franche-Comté
Franche-Comte  is a regionce.

Hautedie
Hautedie is a regionce.

Limousin
Limousin is regionsce.

Languedoc-Roussillon
Languedoc-Roussillon is a regionce.

Poitou-Charentes
Poitou-Charentes is a regionce.

Nord-Pas-de-Calais
Nord-Pas-de-Calais  is a regionce.

Picardie
Picardie is a regionce.

Pays de la Loire
Pays de la Loire  is 26 regionsce.

Rhône-Alpes
Rhône-Alpes is a regionce.

Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur is a regionce.

Île-dece
Île-dece is a regionce.

Pont-l'évêque cheese
Pont-l'évêque is a soft cheese fromdy.

Livarot cheese
Livarot is a cheese fromdy.

Ajaccio
Ajaccio , pronounced "ah-YAH-cho", is a townce.

Spectrum
"This article is about visible spectrum.

Arshak II
Arshak II   was son.

Tiridates III Armenia
Tiridates III  was king Armenia , was also known as Tiridates Great.

Hagia Sophia
Hagia Sophia, was an early church later an Orthodox church.

Incense
Incense is a fuel that is a smell.

Derbyshire
Derbyshire is a county in Eastdsd.

Westire
Westire is a metropolitan county inire Humber regiond.

Southire
Southire is a metropolitan county inire Humber regiond, in north.

Salad
A salad is a serving in a meal that includes leaf vegetables such as lettuce, spinach, arugula.

Nottinghamshire
Nottinghamshire  is a county in Eastds, which borders Southire, Northire,ire,ireire.

Pennines
The Pennines are a mountain range ind.

International Phonetic Alphabet
Theational Phonetic Alphabet  is a system phonetic notation created byational Phonetic Association.

Lake District
The Lake District, also known as The Lakesd, is a rural area in northstd.

Khosrov III Small
Chosroes III The Small , was son Tiridates III, was a memberakuni Dynasty king Armenia from 330 – 339 AD.

Queen Isabella Armenia
Queen Isabella Armenia (died c.

Argishti II Urartu
Argishti II Urartu was king Urartun empire from 714 to 680 BC.

Xerxes Armenia
Xerxes  was King Sophene son Arsames II.

Yorkshire Humber
Yorkshire Humber is regionsd.

Sophene
Sophene  was a province Kingdom Empire, located in south-west kingdom.

Seleucid Empire
The Seleucid Empire was a Hellenistic successor stateder Great's dominion.

Westmorland
Westmorland  is an area northstd 39 historic countiesd.

Historic countiesd
The historic countiesd are ancient subdivisionsd.

Ceremonial countiesd
The Ceremonial countiesd are areasd are defined by government with reference to metropolitan non-metropolitan countiesd.

Countiesd
The countiesd are territorial divisionsd for administrative, political geographical purposes.

Lordt
The title Lordt is given to monarch's personal representatives around United Kingdom, usually in a county, with varying tasks throughout history.

Samus
is a female video game character, who stars in "Metroid" series.

Metroid (series)
"Metroid" is a series video games made by video game company Nintendo.

Michelson-Morley experiment
The Michelson-Morley experiment was a scientific experiment to find speed a substance called Aether.

Hydrogen sulfide
Hydrogen sulfide , H2S, is a colorless, toxic, flammable gas that is responsible for foul smell rotten eggs flatulence.

William Petty, Earl Shelburne
William Petty, Marquess Lansdowne, KG, PC  was a Whig statesman Prime Minister Great Britain.

William-Bentinck, Duked
William Henry-Bentinck, Duked,  was a Whig Tory statesman Prime Minister Great Britain.

Noob
Noob is a slang term for a new person in a community, group, video game, especially on internet .

Bodhisattva
A bodhisattva according to Buddhism is a Buddhist who has attained enlightenment, but who as a selfless act, delays his her entry toa  for sake others.

Tackey Tsubasa
Tackey & Tsubasa  is a pop duo from Johnny & Associates.

Fruits Basket
Fruits Basket is a manga anime series.

Middle-earth characters
This article is about fictional characters from J.

Feudalism
Feudalism is a system by which a nobility warriors ruled Europe during Middle Ages.

Leo III Armenia
Leo  III Armenia  was king Kingdom Cilicia, ruling from 1270 to 1289.

Armens
Armens ,re tribes, people are called as, Armenicen.

History Armenia
The history Armenias is very ancient can go back at least 2000 BC.

Democratic Republic Armenia
The Democratic Republic Armenia , 1918–1920, was modern establishment an republic.

Georgian language
Georgian  isficial language Georgia, a country in Caucasus.

Mount Ararat
Mount Ararat is tallest peak in modern Turkey.

South Caucasus
South Caucasus, also, is southern portion Caucasus region between Europe Asia, extending from Greater Caucasus to borders, between Black Seas.

Mongols
The Mongols  explains more ethnic groups.

La Liga
La Liga is a football league which is top division in Spain.

Stanley Marcus
Stanley Marcus  was president-Marcus company, a store in United States that sells expensive clothing objects.

Saint Martin (France)
Saint Martin ,ficially Collectivity Saint Martin , is a new overseas collectivityce.

Saint Martin (Netherlands)
Sint Maarten  is territory southern half island St.

French overseas collectivities
The Overseas collectivities , are an administrative divisionce.

Saint-Barthélemy
Saint-Barthélemy,ficially Collectivity Saint-Barthélemy , is a new overseas collectivityce.

Hispaniola
Hispaniola is an island located in Sea.

Juventus F.C.
Juventus F.C.

Thomas Pelham-Holles, Duke Newcastle-upon-Tyne
Thomas Pelham-Holles, Duke Newcastle-upon-Tyne Duke Newcastle-under-Lyne, KG, PC  was a Whig statesman Prime Minister Great Britain) two times.

William, Dukeire
William, Dukeire'", KG, PC  was a Whig statesman who was Prime Minister Great Britain for a period time.

John Stuart, Earl Bute
John Stuart, Earl Bute, KG, PC  was a nobleman.

Spencer Compton, Earl Wilmington
Spencer Compton, Earl Wilmington, KG, KB, PC  was a Whig statesman Prime Minister Great Britain.

Charles Watson-Wentworth, Marquess Rockingham
Charles Watson-Wentworth, Marquess Rockingham, KG, PC  was a Whig statesman.

Frederick North, Lord North
Frederick North, Earl Guilford, KG, PC , moreten known by his courtesy title, Lord North, was Prime Minister Great Britain from 1770 to 1782.

Newtonian telescope
A telescope is a type telescope that was invented by scientist Sir Isaac Newton.

Project management
Project management is wayganizes manages resources that are necessary to complete a project.

Vitré
Vitré is a city in Easty,ce.

Shiver me timbers
Shiver me timbers is an expressionly used by pirates that meansthing 'No way'! Originally, phrase was Shiver my timbers.

Carcharodontosaurus
"Carcharodontosaurus" was a giant carnivorous dinosaur Cretaceous period.

Nastika
Astika  Nastika:  are technical terms in Hinduism philosophical schools persons, according to whethery accept authority Vedas as supreme revealed scriptures, not.

Capsicum
"Capsicum" is a genus plants from nightshade family .

Cinnamomum
Cinnamomum is a genus evergreen trees shrubs.

London Stockge
The London Stockge  is a stock exchange in London,d.

The 4400
"The 4400" is a science fiction television series.

Foyle's War
"Foyle's War" is a detective show, running from October 27, 2002 to now.

Giant Anteater
Thet Anteater is an animal that lives in South America.

Sanctuary (web series)
Sanctuary is a future Science fiction television series to be shown onet.

William Lamb, Viscount Melbourne
William Lamb, Viscount Melbourne  was a Prime Minister United Kingdom.

Silicon Valley
theSilicon Valley is southern Sancisco Bay Area in California in United States.

Signal (biology)
In biology, especially in electrophysiology, a signal biopotential is an electric quantity , that is caused by chemical reactions charged ions.

Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, Marquess Salisbury
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil, Marquess Salisbury  was a Prime Minister United Kingdom.

Electrophysiology
Electrophysiology is study electrical properties biological cells tissues.

Ion channel
Ion channels are pore-forming proteins that help to establish control voltage gradient across plasma membrane all living cells  by allowing flow ions downir electrochemical gradient.

Episode
An episode is a a dramatic work such as a television radio program.

Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth
Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, PC  was a statesman.

Augustus FitzRoy, Duke Grafton
Augustus Henry FitzRoy, Duke Grafton'", KG, PC  was a Whig statesman.

William Wyndham Grenville, Baron Grenville
William Wyndham Grenville, Baron Grenville PC , was a Whig statesman Prime Minister.

Robert Jenkinson, Earl Liverpool
Robert Banks Jenkinson, Earl Liverpool  was an politician longest serving Prime Minister United Kingdom  During his time as Prime Minister from 1812 to 1827, Liverpool became known for hard rules he put in place to restoreder, but he also led country through bad period that followed Napoleonic Wars.

Frederick John Robinson, Viscount Goderich
Frederick John Robinson, Earl Ripon PC  was a statesman Prime Minister United Kingdom .

Arthur Wellesley, Duke Wellington
Fieldal Arthur Wellesley, Duke Wellington, KG, GCB, GCH, PC, FRS (c.

Charles Grey, Earl Grey
Charles Grey, Earl Grey, KG, PC  was a Whig statesman Prime Minister.

John Russell, Earl Russell
John Russell, Earl Russell, KG, GCMG, PC  was an Whig Liberal politician.

Henry Temple, Viscount Palmerston
Henry John Temple, Viscount Palmerston, KG, GCB, PC  was a statesman who served twice as Prime Minister United Kingdom in mid-19th century.

George Hamilton-Gordon, Earl Aberdeen
George Hamilton-Gordon, Earl Aberdeen, KG, KT, PC  was a Tory/Peelite politician.

Edward Smithley, Earl Derby
Edward George Geoffrey Smithley, Earl Derby, KG, PC  was an statesman.

Archibald Primrose, Earl Rosebery
Archibald Philip Primrose, Earl Rosebery, KG, PC  was a Liberal statesman Prime Minister .

Henry Campbell
The Rt.Hon.

United States Census Bureau
The United States Census Bureau  is a United States government that is responsible for United States Census.

Signal processing
Signal processing is analysis, interpretation manipulation signals.

Henri Troyat
Henri Troyat, born Levon Levovich Tarasov,  was a French author, biographer, historian novelist.

Rondônia
Rondônia is a state in Brazil.

Singular
Singular is a noun that shows thatre is only.

Cantonsd
The 26 cantonsd are states countryd.

Nervous system
The Nervous system is a system.

Alexandre Dumas, fils
Alexandre Dumas, fils ,  was sondre Dumas, père, père is French for "father").

Conjunctivitis
Conjunctivitis  is a medical condition when "Conujunctiva"  becomes inflamed.

Cerulean
Cerulean is a range colours from deep blue, sky-blue, bright blue azure to greenish blue.

John
John  is a actor.

Swamp
A swamp is atland ecosystem.

Diego Rivera
Diego Rivera  was a famous painter muralist.

David Alfaro Siqueiros
David Alfaro Siqueiros  was a famous painter muralist.

Avenged Sevenfold
Avenged Sevenfold  is an metal hard rock band.

Siege
A siege is happens when a group people surround another group people stopm from escaping, getting food water.

River Hull
The River Hull is a river inire in northd.

Hull (watercraft)
A hull is body a ship boat.

Buoyancy
In physics, buoyancy is upward force on an object produced by surrounding fluid  in which it is fullyially immersed, due to pressure difference fluid between top bottom object.

Asura
The Asura are a group supernatural creatures in Hinduism Buddhism.

Intercontinental ballistic missile
ICBM is an acronym.

Elevation
When talking about geography elevation a certain point is how high it is point.

Bastila
Bastila is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Darth
Darth is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Kraft Foods
Kraft Foods is a business that makes packaged food.

Soft drink
Soft drinks  is a carbonated drink made from concentrates sugar.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1920s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1930s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1940s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1950s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1960s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1970s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1980s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (1990s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Academy Award for Best Picture (2000s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is Academy Awards.

Sampling (statistics)
Sampling is a method used in statistics to choose data from a data source.It is a process selecting a sample from a population.Sampling reduces demand on resources finance, manpower, duration materials.

Lexington, Kentucky
Lexington is city in Kentucky, with around 268,080 people livingre.

Toby Keith
Toby Keith Covel  is an country music singer songwriter.

Redhead
Redhead is a person with red reddish hair.

Owen Spencer-Thomas
Owen Spencer-Thomas was born on March 3, 1940 in Braughing,ire,d.

John
Frederick John  was an actor.

Edward Abbey
Edward Abbey was a writer.

MPs elected in UK general election, 2005
This is a list Members Parliament  Commons for Fifty-Fourth Parliament United Kingdom at 2005 general election, held on 5 May 2005.

Rio de Janeiro (state)
Rio de Janeiro is 26 states Brazil.

Bretons
The Bretons are a distinct ethnic group located in regiony ince.

Westds (region)
The Westds is anficial Regiond, coveringstern halfds.

Midlands
Midlands could be in general central region any territory.

Jaworzno
Jaworzno is a city ind in Silesia voivodship.

Volt
The volt  is SI derived unit electric potential difference electromotive force.

Music competitions
A music competition is an event in which people compete for prizes by performing music.

Adjudicator
An adjudicator isone who decides on a winner at a competition for musicatre.

Eduard Hanslick
Eduard Hanslick  was a famous music critic.

The Fairly OddParents
"The Fairly OddParents" is an animated television series created by Butch in 2001 for Nickelodeon cable television network.

Invasiond (1939)
The Invasiond in 1939 was a militaryfensive in which Naziy later Soviet Union invadedd.

Winter War
The Winter War  was a conflict fought between Soviet Uniond.

Joiner
A Joiner is a person who makes woodwork that is.

Stairs
Stairs, staircase, stairway, stairwell, flight stairs are alls for a construction ae vertical distance by dividing it into vertical distances, called steps.

Minas Gerais
Minas Gerais is 26 states Brazil.

Ceará
Ceará is 26 states Brazil.

Espírito Santo
Espírito Santo is states southeastern Brazil.

Goiás
Goiás is a state Brazil, located in central country.

Maranhão
Maranhão is states Brazil.

Mato Grosso
Mato Grosso is states Brazil.

Hassium
Hassium is a chemical element.

Roraima
Roraima is states Brazil.

Santa Catarina (state)
Santa Catarina is a state in Brazil.

Trail
A trail is a pedestrian path road mainly, butten also for cycling, cross-country skiing other activities.

The Pardoner's Prologue Tale
"The Pardoner's Prologue Tale" is a story that is a "The Canterbury Tales" About Pardoner.

Final Fantasy XII
Final Fantasy XII is a fantasy role-playing video game for Playstation 2.

Final Fantasy IX
"Final Fantasy IX" is a fantasy role-playing video game for Playstation.

Final Fantasy (video game)
Final Fantasy is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy II
Final Fantasy II is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy III
Final Fantasy III is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy IV
Final Fantasy IV is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy V
Final Fantasy V is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy VI
Final Fantasy VI is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy VIII
Final Fantasy VIII is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy X
"Final Fantasy X" is a fantasy role-playing video game made by Square Enix.

Final Fantasy X-2
Final Fantasy X-2 is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Final Fantasy XI
Final Fantasy XI is a fantasy role-playing video game.

Ditch
A ditch is water can be described as a moderate depression.

Flags states
This gallery flags states shows flags 26 States federal district.

Chobits
is a manga anime series created by CLAMP.

Brossard
Brossard is a city near Montreal in province Quebec.

Anton Bruckner
Anton Bruckner (born Ansfelden, Austria, 4 September 1824; died Vienna, 11 October 1896 was an composer.

Rondo
In music a Rondo is a piece music which has mainme, which is heard several times, other musical ideas in between each time.

Military engineer
You can help Wikipedia by making this page section more simple.

Melisma
In music, a melisma is technique singing syllable to a lot notes.

Spinet
A spinet is a harpsichord.

United Artists
United Artists is a Hollywood movie company.

Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., MGM, is an media company.

Apostle
An apostle is a messenger ambassador.

Intercontinental Cup
The/South Cup, commonly called Intercontinental Cup Toyota Cup, was a football competition by UEFA CONMEBOL.

Hafizullah Amin
Hafizullah Amin   was President.

Paraíba
Paraíba is states Brazil.

Mato Grosso do Sul
Mato Grosso do Sul is states Brazil.

Swimming pool
A swimming pool is a tanke basin that is filled with water competitive swimming diving.

Danny
Danny  is an singer-songwriter composer.

Speciality contract
A speciality contract is a legal document that must be written printed signed by everyone involved in an agreement for a certain purpose.

FIFA 07
FIFA 07 is a Sony PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, GameCube, Game Boyce, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable Microsoft Windows game that features world beat music fun football action.

Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ralph Waldo Emerson  was an author, poet, philosopher.

Bushranger
A bushranger was a thief who lived in bush.

The
The bush is a word land where people do not live land away from cities.

Moondyne Joe
Moondyne Joe was a bushranger from Australia who was born in 1826 died in 1900.

Fremantle, Australia
Fremantle is a port city in Australia.

Standard deviation
Standard deviation is a concept from statistics.

53 BC
Centuries: century BC - century BC - century Decades: 100s BC 90s BC 80s BC 70s BC 60s BC - 50s BC - 40s BC 30s BC 20s BC 10s BC 0s Years: 57 BC 56 BC 55 BC 54 BC - 53 BC - 52 BC 51 BC 50 BC 49 BC 48 BC 47 BC .

Harry Potter Deathly Hallows
"Harry Potter Deathly Hallows" is last book in J.

He
He is a-person singular pronoun about a male.

Swan River
The River is an important river in Australia.

Scheinfeld
The city was mentioned in century.

Dirk Nowitzki
Dirk Nowitzki  is a basketball player.

Volkach
Volkach is a town in Lowerconia, Bavaria, iny.

Ochsenfurt
Ochsenfurt is a town in district Würzburg, in Bavaria,y.

Kitzingen Rural District
Kitzingen is a district in Bavaria,y.

Haflinger
Haflinger are an all-round breed horse.

Kevinyi
Kevinyi (born 1982 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil is a - footballer.

Würzburger Kickers
Kickers Wurzburg is traditional football clubs inconia.

Chico, California
Chico is a city in state California.

Repperndorf
Repperndorf is a village in Regierungsbezirk, Lowerconia, Bavaria,y.

Großlangheim
Großlangheim is a village in Bavaria,y.

Falun Gong
Falun Gong  is a spiritual discipline from China.

Deflation
Deflation means that generally prices products are going down.

Chemical symbol
A chemical symbol isform an element.

Secretary State
Secretary State is a title for a governmentficial.

Official
Anficial isone who holds anfice (i.e.

Snuff
Snuff is a tobacco which is sniffed instead smoked.

The Nose (opera)
"The Nose" is an opera by Dmitri Shostakovich.

Video game developer
A video game developer is a person who makes games on computers other game systems.

Video game publisher
A video game publisher is a company that publish games thaty have made thaty have bought to be made by a video game developer.

Cork (city)
Cork is a city in County Cork in Republicd.

County Cork
County Cork is county ind in terms size.

Genie
Genies jinns djinns are magical beings without free will.

Suikoden
Suikoden is a series role playing video games made by company Konami.

Kendo
Kendo' is a popular sportiginating in.

Paleontology
Paleontology Palaeontology is study fossils such as prehistoric animals plants.

Cotswolds
The Cotswolds is a range hills in centrald,times called "Heartd", a hilly area reaching over 300 m.

Piauí
Piauí is 26 states Brazil.

Riode do Norte
Riode do Norte is 26 states Brazil.

Brazilian Federal District
The Federal District is is a Brazil that isília, capital city.

Hiromu Shinozuka
Hiromu Shinozuka  is a manga artist.

Zvečan
Zvečan is a town in north Kosovo, Serbia, near Kosovska Mitrovica.

Rosario
Rosario is a city located in center-east Argentina, about 300 km NW from Buenos Aires.

Gymnastics
Gymnastics is a sport which involves running, jumping, tumbling,rsaulting, balancing.

Atahualpa
Atahuallpa Atawallpa (c.

Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg
"Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg"  is an opera by Richard Wagner.

Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar is a Muslim saying.

Shire
A shire is an administrative area Great Britain Australia.

Fairy Tail
Fairy Tail is a shônen manga published in Weekly Shônen Jump.

Viol
The viol ,  is a string instrument that was played with a bow.

Chainmail
Mail, chainmail, is a type armour.

Regnitz
The Regnitz is a river in Bavaria,y.

Geir Ivarsøy
Geir Ivarsøy  was main programmer at Opera Software.

Color wheel
A color wheel is a circular chart that shows primaryary colors.

Rerun
A rerun is a repeat same broadcast media, when that program is played again.

Cutaway
A cutaway in filming is a camera shot that interrupts program.

Cherie Blair
Cherie Blair, QC was born September 23 1954 in Bury,d.

Regions Slovakia
Since 1949 , Slovakia has been number "kraje" .

Districts Slovakia
An okres  is an administrative unit Slovakia.

Žilina
Žilina  is a city in northwestern Slovakia.

Renting
Renting  is whereone pays money to usething for a definite amount time.

Firearm
A firearm  is a device that can be used as aapon that fires either single several projectiles propelled at high speed by gases produced through rapid burning explosive material.

Black powder
Black powder wasiginal gunpowder practically only known explosive until middle century.

Prešov
Prešov  is a city in eastern Slovakia.

Trnava
Trnava  is a city instern Slovakia, around 50 km from capital Bratislava.

Nitra
Nitra ) is a city instern Slovakia  situated at foot Zobor Mountain in Nitra River valley.

Trenčín
Trenčín  is a town instern Slovakia  on Váh river.

Banská Bystrica
Banská Bystrica , is ae town in central Slovakia, on Hron river.

Social realism
Social realism is a genre in fiction, art, architecture, movies plays.

Peanut Butter Jelly Time
Peanut Butter Jelly Time is famous animations in world.

Scottish Premier League
The Premier League  is a professional competition for football clubs.

Metropolitan county
There are six metropolitan counties ind, which each covere urban areas, typically with populations 1.2 to 2.8 million.

Unitary authority
A unitary authority is a type local authority that is responsible for all local government functions within its area.

Administrative division
Administrative division is a term for an administrative region within a country — on a level below that sovereign state — typically with a local government with a certain degree autonomy.

County council
A County council is elected administrative body governing an area known as a county.

Church Scientology
The Church Scientology  was started by science fiction writer L Ron Hubbard in year 1954.

John
John  is a musician.

L. Ron Hubbard
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard  was an science fiction writer creatoretics.

List SpongeBobts episodes
This is a list episodes for Nickelodeon television program "SpongeBobts".

Eastds
The Eastds is regionsd consists eastern half traditional regionds.

Pirates
Pirates is a franchise by Disney.

Greater Nottingham
Greater Nottingham is a conurbation based around city Nottingham inire,d.

Hanau
Hanau is a town in Hesse,y.

Earl Sandwich
John Montagu, Earl Sandwich was born on November 3, 1718 died on April 30, 1792 in Great Britain.

Nottingham
Nottingham is a city  in Eastdsd.

Nottingham (disambiguation)
Nottingham also refers to a housing cooperative in Madison, WI.

Little Red Riding Hood
"Little Red Riding Hood" is a famous fairy tale for young children.

Dettelbach
Dettelbach is a town in Bavaria,y where about 4500 people live.

Albertshofen
Albertshofen "Höpper" is a village in Kitzingen district Lowerconia, Bavaria.

Kitzingen
Kitzingen is a town inconia, Bavaria,y with about 21,000 people.

Wiesenbronn
Wiesenbronn is a village in Kitzingen district Bavaria.

Mainsondheim
Mainsondheim is a village near Kitzingen in Lowerconia, Bavaria,y.

Neuhof
Neuhof an der Zenn is a village in Neustadt -Badeim district Bavaria,y.

Geiselwind
Geiselwind is a town in Lowerconia, Bavaria with 2,323 people.

Markteim
Markteim is a village in Lowerconia, Bavaria,y where about 1500 people live.

Mainbernheim
Mainbernheim is a town.

Robert College
Robert College, also called RC is an high school inbul, Turkey.

Demonym
A demonym gentilic is a word inhabitants a place.

Gettysburg Address
The Gettysburg Address is a speech given by U.S.

Gabriel Fauré
Gabriel Urbain Fauré  was a French composer,ganist, pianist, music teacher.

Music critic
A music critic isone who writes about concerts that have taken place new music that has been written.

Pete Maravich
Pete Maravich, also known as "Pistol Pete" Maravich, was an basketball player.

John
John  was an farmer businessman who was white people to live in Melbourne.

Leamington Spa
Leamington Spa  is a town inire, UK.

Violence
Violence is a term attacking people.

Pegnitz River
The Pegnitz is a river in Upperconia, Bavaria,y.

Palaemon
Palaemon was a minor Greek sea god.

William Wordsworth
William Wordsworth  was an important poettic Age in literature.

Short Parliament
The Short Parliament in history lasted from April 13 to May 5 1640.

Pelé
Edisontes do Nascimento Pelé was a footballer from Brazil.

Rain shadow
A rain shadow is an area land that lies behind a mountain that gets rainfall.

Lesson
Aon in school is a planned period time for learning.

Marián Hossa
Marián Hossa  is a Slovak professional ice hockey player.

Fashion
The term fashion is a way expressing language,aring clothing, behaving.

The Good Life
"The Good Life" was several television series, including .

South Westd
South Westd is regionsd.

Provincial territorial capitals Canada
There are thirteen provinical territorial capitals in Canada, for each province territory.

South Eastd
South Eastd is nineficial regionsd.

North Eastd
North-Eastd is nineficial regionsd includes combined aread, County Durham, Tyne Wear a Northire.

Sussex
Sussex is a historic county in South Eastd.

Kingdom Sussex
The Kingdom Sussex'", ("Suth Seaxe", i.e.

Annals
Annals  are a historical writing which record events chronologically, year by year.

Cicero
Marcus Tullius Cicero  was a statesman, lawyer, politicalorist philosopher.

Heavyweight
In boxing, term heavyweight is specific group people based onight.

Genealogy
Genealogy is study family history.

Niels Bohr
Niels Bohr  was a famous physicist who helped discover quantum physics, structure atom, atomic bomb.

Swinoujscie
Świnoujście is a town inia, northwesternd, with about 42,000 people .

Sky Odyssey
Sky Odyssey is an action/adventure flight simulator  for SonyPlayStation 2.

Landform
A landform is a word that describes a land.

Piri Reis map
The Piri Reis map is a map world drawn by a Turkd Piri Reis  in 1513.

Shadow Colossus
"Shadow Colossus" is a-made action-adventure videogame made sold by Sony Computer Entertainment  for PlayStation 2.

Verbandsgemeinde
Adsgemeinde  is an administrative unit unique tod d-Palatinate.

Requiem
A Requiem  is a eucharist service in Catholic church to rememberone who has died.

Middle C
Middle C is given to musical note C which is in middle piano keyboard.

Principality
A principality  is a country which is ruled by a prince princess.

Vlad III Impaler
Count Vladimir III  was Prince  Wallachia.

Fertile crescent
The Fertile Crescent is a historical region in Middle East that includest, Mesopotamia Ancient Egypt.

Crescent
In art symbolism, a crescent is generally shape produced when a circular disk has a segment another circle removed from its edge, so that remains is a shape enclosed by two circular arcs different diameters which intersect at two points .

Crescent (disambiguation)
Crescent is a shape, symbol.

Thet
Thet  is an imprecise geographical term historically referring to ae area in Middle East south Taurus Mountains, bounded by Sea onst, by northern Desert Upper Mesopotamia to east.

Levant (disambiguation)
This is a disambiguation page.

Jordan River
The River  is a river in Southwest Asia that flows through Great Rift Valley into Dead Sea.

Muslim history
Muslim history began in Arabia when Muhammad recited in century.

Historyity
The historyity is history religion church, from Jesus his apostles to our times.

Timelineity
The purpose this timeline is to give a detailed accountity from beginning to present.

List coats arms districts ind-Palatinate
List coats arms 24 districts 12 urban districts ind-Palatinate,y .

Schism (religion)
The word "schism" , from Greek σχίσμα, "skhísma" , means a division a split, usually in anganization a movement.

Proselyte
Proselyte, from Greek "προσήλυτος/proselytos", is used in Septuagint for "stranger", i.e.

Twelve Apostles
The Twelve Apostles re men that according to Synoptic Gospels tradition,re chosen from among disciples  Jesus for a mission.

Dogma
A dogma isthing that should not to be disputed doubted.

Dogma (disambiguation)
Dogma is belief accepted by a religion ideology as only correct.

State religion
A state religion  is a religious group creedficially accepted by state.

Mass (music)
In music word mass means a piece music, to be sung by a choir, which uses words church service known as Eucharist.

Ecumenical council
An Ecumenical Council  general council is a meeting bishops church whole world who have come together to discuss matters Church doctrine practice.

Camille Saint-Saëns
Camille Saint-Saens   was a French composer, pianistganist.

Fly to Sky
Fly to Sky  is a South R&B duo.

Bram Stoker
Abraham "Bram" Stoker  was an writer, remembered as author influential horror novel "Dracula".

Criss Angel
Criss Angel  is an illusionist, stunt performer, musician.

TVXQ
TVXQ  is a five-member-Pop boy band active in South Korea.

Ayumi Hamasaki
Ayumi Hamasaki  is a female singer.

Love Generation
Love Generation  was a dramatic television series on Fuji Television.

Psyche (mythology)
Psyche  is a mortal woman in Greek mythology.

Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet
Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet  was an teacher founder School for Deaf.

Annelid
Annelids are a phylum Invertebrates.

Polychaeta
Polychateta  are a class annelids.

Lugworm
The lugworm sandworm is ae marine worm phylum Annelida.

Common clam worm
The Common clam worm  is a widely distributed polychaete worm.

Protozoa
Protozoa, from Greek language "first life", are very simpleganisms.

Sandworm
It can also stand for huge worms in book Dune byk Herbert, see Sandworm  .

Hematophagy
Hematophagy is habit certain animals to feed on blood.

Crinoidea
Crinoids, also known as "sea lilies" "feather-stars", are marine animals.

Yorkshire Dales
Theire Dales  is given to an upland area,ly inire, ind.

Suwanee, Georgia
Suwanee is a city in state Georgia.

Cumming, Georgia
Cumming is a city in state Georgia.

Athens, Georgia
Athens is a city in state Georgia.

Anaerobic digestion
Anaerobic digestion  is process decomposition material in an environment without oxygen.

Clarke County, Georgia
Clarke County is a county in state Georgia.

Forsyth County, Georgia
Forsyth County is a county in state Georgia.

Johns Creek, Georgia
Johns Creek is a city in state Georgia.

The Black Parade
"The Black Parade" is a 2006 album by band, My Chemicalce.

Biogas
Biogas means a gas produced by anaerobic digestion fermentationganic matter in an environment without oxygen.

Liturgy
A liturgy is a ceremony, according to traditions aicular group event.

Mass (liturgy)
"This article is about mass as a ceremony, for other uses see: Mass " Mass is term celebration Eucharist in liturgical rites Catholic Church, Old Catholic Churches, in Anglo-Catholic traditionism, inely High Church regions: in Baltic countries Eucharistic service is also known as "the Mass".

Woodpecker
The woodpecker is a type bird.

Piri Reis
Piri Reis   was an admiral cartographer born between 1465 1470 in Gallipoli on coast Turkey.

Walter Sutton
Walterborough Sutton  was an biologist.

Darth Maul
Darth Maul is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Probe droid
Probe droids are robots in "Star Wars" movies.

Count Dooku
Count Dooku Serenno  is a character from "Star Wars" universe.

Clone Wars
The Clone Wars was a period in Star Wars movies.

Prokaryote
Prokaryote is a word that describes a type cell.

Cuttlebone
Cuttlebone is a hard brittle structure found inside cuttlefish.

Decapodiformes
Decapodiformes is a superorder Cephalopoda.

Octopodiformes
Octopodiformes is a group cephalopods with 8 arms.

Vampyromorphida
Vampyromorphida is ander cephalopods.

Diana Burrell
Diana Burrell  is an composer.

Hypotonic
In biology, a solution is called hypotonic ifre are solutes in it inside a cell.

James, son Zebedee
Saint James, son Zebedee (d.

Vampire squid
The Vampire Squid ("Vampyroteuthis infernalis", lit.

Gwinnett County, Georgia
Gwinnett County is a county in state Georgia.

University Georgia
The University Georgia is a university that is in around Athens, Georgia.

Gerhard Armauer Hansen
Gerhard Hendrik Armauer Hansen  was a doctor scientist who was famous for discovering bacteria that causes leprosy in 1873.

Fire station
A fire station is a building where firefighters firetrucks are.

Fence
"This is about a fence.

Princeton University
Princeton University is a private university that is in Princeton, New Jersey in United States.

Dill
Dill  is a-lived annual herb that isten food taste better.

Mummification
Mummification is a process.

Bandage
A bandage is strip cloth other material that is absorb blood from wounds.

Xenophobia
Xenophobia is a phobia.

Confederacy Independent Systems
The Confederacy Independent Systems  was anganization that appeared in "Star Wars" movies.

Hedone
Hedone in Greek mythology  was daughter Amor Psyche.

Psyche (psychology)
The Acient Greeks believed that Psyche  was responsible for behaviour.

Priština
Priština  is capital city Kosovo.

Seep tube worm
Seep tube worms  are tube worms.

Giant tube worm
Giant tube worms are annelids.

Trans railway
Thes Railways Railroad is a set railways that goes from Moscow Russia to Far East provinces, Mongolia, China Sea.

Hypertonic
A solution is hypertonic whenre are more solutesside a cell than inside.

Nuclear reaction
A nuclear reaction is a process from physics.

St. Paul's Cathedral
St.

Greenhouse
A greenhouse  is a building where plants such as flowers vegetables are grown.

Apprenticeship
Apprenticeship is a system training a new generation skilled crafts practitioners, which is still popular in countries trades.

Battle droid
In "Star Wars" fictional universe, battle droids are robots that are made for fighting.

Western Long-beaked Echidna
The Long-beaked Echidna  is four extant echidnas three species "Zaglossus" that occur in New Guinea.

Short-beaked Echidna
The Short-beaked Echidna  is 1 4 living types echidna.

Columbia
Columbia isiginal for United States inspireds many things.

Eastern Long-beaked Echidna
The Long-beaked Echidna , also known as Barton's Long-beaked Echidna, is three species from genus "Zaglossus".

Long-beaked echidna
The long-beaked echidnas make up two genera  echidna.

Sir David's Long-beaked Echidna
Sir David's Long-beaked Echidna , also known as Cyclops Long-beaked Echidna, is three species from genus "Zaglossus".

Bioluminescence
Bioluminescence is light made when living creatures use oxygen to produce light.

Whittier, Alaska
Whittier is a town in Alaska on Kenai Peninsula.

Kate Winslet
Kate Elizabeth Winslet  is an actress.

Joe DiMaggio
Joseph Paul DiMaggio  was a Major League Baseball center fielder who played his whole career for New York Yankees.

Mongol Empire
The Mongol Empire, an area ruled by great Mongol khans in centuries, was land empires in history.

Parthia
Parthia is an ancient country Asia, now regions Armenia, Iraq, Georgia, eastern Turkey, eastern Syria,Azerbaijan,,,,, Kuwait, Gulf coast Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, UAE.

Hydrolysis
Hydrolysis is a chemical reaction process in which a chemical compound reacts with water.

Water (molecule)
Water  covers 70-75% Earth's surface as liquid solid state.

Lymphatic system
The lymphatic system is a complex network lymphoidgans, lymph nodes, lymph ducts, lymph tissues, lymph capillaries, lymph vessels that make transport lymph fluid from tissue to circulatory system.

Chastity
Chastity celibacy is choosing not to be involved in any sexual activities.

Metallic bond
Metallic bonding is bonding between atoms within metals.

Heat conduction
Heat conduction Thermal conduction is spontaneous transferrmal energy through matter, from a region higher temperature to a region lower temperature.

Judith Weir
Judith Weir  is a composer.

Vassal
A vassal during feudalism medieval Europe, wasone who had obligations with a lord.

Migration Period
The Migration Period, also called Invasions Völkerwanderung, is a given by historians to a human migration which happened in period roughly AD 300–700 in Europe.

Sancisco Bay Area
The Sancisco Bay Area, also known as Bay Area, is a metropolitan region that surrounds Sancisco Bay in California.

Sancisco Bay
Sancisco Bay is a shallow, productive estuary through which water draining about forty percent California, flowing in Sacramento San Joaquin rivers from Sierra Nevada mountains, enters Pacific.

Sheikh Ahmed Yassin
Sheikh Ahmed Yassin  was an Islamic leader.

Field strength
In physics, field strength a field is magnitude its vector value.

Field (physics)
In physics, a field means that a physical quantity is point in space .

Gradient
In vector calculus, gradient a scalar field is a vector field which points in direction greatest rate increase scalar field, whose magnitude is greatest rate change.

Trigonometric function
In mathematicsre are 6 trigonometric functions: sine, cosine, tangent, cotangent, secant cosecant.

Archer
An archer isone who practices archery.

Archery
Archery is practice using a bow to shoot arrows.

John Cena
John Felix Anthony Cena, Jr.

Signal transduction
In biology, signal transduction means any process by which a cell converts signal stimulus into another.

Flux
Flux in Physics.

Neuroscience
Neuroscience is scientific study brain mind whole nervous system.

Conversation Analysis
Conversation analysis  is study talk in interaction.

Mark-Anthony Turnage
Mark-Anthony Turnage  is an composer.

Hydrothermal vent
A hydrothermal vent  is a fissure in surface Earth.

Guava
Guava is a genus  plants in family "Myrtaceae".

Resting potential
The resting potential a cell is membrane potential that would be maintained ifrere no action potentials, synaptic potentials, other active changes in membrane potential.

Thrust
Thrust is a reaction force that is described by Newton's Newton's laws motion.

Thrust (disambiguation)
Thrust is a reaction force described by Newton's Second Third Law.

Robert A. Heinlein
Robert Anson Heinlein  was a writer.

Video game genres
There are many computer video game genres.

Fable
A fable is a type story which teaches aon carries a moral, which is usually stated at end.

Drainage
Drainage is natural artificial removal surface sub-surface water from a given area.

Polder
A Polder is an area land that was taken from a body water by enclosing area to be reclaimed with a dike removing excess water by pumping draining.

Resistor
A resistor is an electronic component that restricts flow current in an electrical electronic circuit.

Death Star
The Death Star is a fictional space station that is in "Star Wars" movies.

Doctor Philosophy
The Doctor Philosophy, (Ph.D.

Marine ecoregion
Marine ecoregions are regions world's oceans, that are defined by World Wide Fund for Nature , to help activities for saving marine ecosystems.

Freshwater ecoregion
In Physical Geographywater ecoregion means freshwater habitats aicular geographic area, including rivers, streams, lakes,tlands.

Global 200
The Global 200 is list ecoregions identified by World Wide Fund for Nature  as priorities for conservation.

Ecoregion
An ecoregion ,times called a bioregion, is next ecologically geographically defined area beneath "realm" "ecozone".

Wetland
In physical geography, atland is an environment that combines properties land water That meanstlands are ecotones.

Marsh
In geography, a marsh is a typetland, featuring grasses, rushes, reeds, typhas, sedges, other herbaceous plants  in a context shallow water.

Ulan-Ude
Ulan-Ude ,ly Verkhneudinsk , capital city Buryat Republic, Russia.

Pelagic zone
The pelagic zone is open sea ocean that is not near coast sea floor.

Vitamin A
Vitamin A is a vitamin.

Vitamin D
Vitamin D is a vitamin.

Biome
In ecology, a biome is a major regional group distinctive plant animal communities's physical natural environment, latitude, elevation, terrain.

Vitamin E
Vitamin E  is a vitamin.

Vitamin K
Vitamin K is a vitamin which is soluble in fat.

B vitamin complex
The B vitamin complex  are 8 vitamins.

Subarctic climate
Regions having a subarctic climate  are characterized by long, usually very cold winters, brief, warm summers.

ONS coding system
The ONS coding system is a system used in United Kingdom for dealing with census other statistical data.

Michael Tippett
Sir Michael Tippett  was an composer.

Claw
A claw is a sharp object.

Max Moritz
Max Moritz  are two naughty little boys in a story by Wilhelm Busch.

Abstinence
Abstinence is a voluntary restraint from following a desire appetite for certain bodily activities that are widely experienced as giving pleasure.

Sexual abstinence
Sexual abstinence is practice voluntarily refraining from all aspects sexual activity.

Council Jerusalem
"Council Jerusalem" is a common for a meeting about thatre is a report in "Acts Apostles" chapter.

Ironing
Ironing means getting creases clothes aftery have been washed dried.

Central Time
Central Time is a time zone.

Central Summer Time
Central Summer Time is for a time zone.

James Just
James Just, also called James Adelphotheos, James,op Jerusalem, James, Brother Lordtimes identified with James Less,  was an important figure in Earlyity.

Disciple (Christianity)
Inity, disciplesre students Jesus during his ministry, which means only Twelve Apostles, but gospels speaks different numbers disciples.

Ahmed Jibril
Ahmed Jabril , born in 1938, is founder co-leader Popular Front for Liberation Palestine Generald.

Jihad Jabril
Jihad Jabril  was son Ahmed Jibril, founder PFLP-G.

Topkapı Palace
The Topkapı Palace is a palace inbul , Turkey.

Acts Apostles
The Acts Apostles  is a book Bible, which now is in New Testament.

Firebreak
A Firebreak is a way to fight fires.

Slum
A Slum is a a city a town where many poor people live.

Montauban
Montauban is a city in southce.

Layyah
Layyah is a city in Punjab province is capital Layyah District.

Pope Leo III
Leo III  was Pope from 795 to 816.

Khanda
Khanda is a symbol Sikhism.

Judi Dench
Judi Dench  is all known actress.

Arendal
Arendal is a city municipality in county Aust-Agder, Norway.

S.S. Lazio
S.S.

Satire
Satire is a in art writing in which people are made to look stupid.

Iron Cross
The Iron Cross was a medal given to soldiers for bravery during wartime.

Manowar
Manowar is an heavy metal band from Auburn, New York, whiched in 1980.

Power series
In mathematics, a power series  is an infinite series where "an" represents coefficient nth term, "c" is a constant, "x" varies around "c" .

Classical guitar
A classical guitar, also called a guitar, is a musical instrument from family musical instruments called chordophones.

Vålerenga I.F. Fotball
Vålerenga I.F.

Volga River
The Volga is longest river Europe.

Oi!
Oi! also called Street punk, is a type punk rock that was started in United Kingdom.

Brothers Grimm
The Brothers Grimm re brothers Jakob Wilhelm Grimm.

Bryozoa
Bryozoans are tiny colonial animals that generally build stony skeletons calcium carbonate.

Placebo
In medicine, placebo effect basically means that if a person believes that a medicine diet is for himself herself,n it is for person.

Identity (mathematics)
An equality in mathematical sense is only true under moreicular conditions.

Equality (mathematics)
Two mathematical objects are equal if only ify are exactly same in every way.

Religious ministry
Ministry, inity, is activity that is done by members church to serve purposes church.

Ministry (government department)
A ministry is a department a government, led by a political minister.

Strong nuclear force
A strong nuclear force holds nuclei atoms together.

Galerius
Galeriusus ,ally Gaius Galerius Valeriusus was Emperor from 305 to 311.

Square foot gardening
Square Foot Gardening.

Blender
A blender is an electric kitchen appliance drinks, mixing liquids, puréeing  fruits vegetables for sauces soups.

Drinking straw
A drinking straw  is a utensil cold drinks such as milk shakes, smoothies, cola, fruit juice.

Whole-tone scale
Whense scales is played on a piano, starting from a low note moving up to high notes, while at same time pressing sustaining pedal , it makes a "dreamy" sound.

Pentatonic scale
In music, a pentatonic scale is a scale with five notes in each octave.

Yeast
Yeast are eucaryotic microorganisms.

Budding
Budding is a way asexual reproduction.

Binary fission
Binary fission is a method asexual reproduction.

Charisma Carpenter
Charisma Lee Carpenter  is an actress.

Paul Watzlawick
Paul Watzlawick PhD  was aoretician in Communication Theory Radical Constructivism.

Neurotransmitter
Neurotransmitters are chemicals.

Sally
Sally  is an composer.

Nakhodka
Nakhodka  is a port city in Primorsky Krai, Russia.

Sumatra
"Sumatra", known also as "Sumatera", is island in world is located instern Indonesia.

British Whig Party
The Whig Party was an early politicaly.

Espionage
Espionage spying is a practice getting information about anganization, society, country that is meant to be secret confidential, without permission.

Harrison Birtwistle
Sir Harrison Paul Birtwistle  is Britain's important composers today.

Punch Judy (Big Shot)
Punch Judy are characters fictional television show "Big Shot".

Lorsch
Lorsch is a town in southwesty  in Kreis Bergstraße district state Hessen.

List events in 2004
2004 is a year in century.

Dominic
Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke  is an actor.

Crazy Horse (cabaret)
Le Crazy Horse Saloon Le Crazy Horse Paris is a cabaret.

Umbrella term
An umbrella term is a word that provides a superset grouping related concepts.

Cnidaria
Cnidaria is a phylum with about 11,000 species animals.

Calvinism
Calvinism belongs to Reformed traditiontism.

John Calvin
Jean Cauvin, also Calvin   was a Frenchtologian duringt Reformation was a central developer systemology called Calvinism Reformedology.

Trebuchet
A Trebuchet was a device used in wars sieges in Middle Ages.

Tarascon
Tarascon,times called Tarascon-sur-Rhône, is a city in southce.

Kurdistan
Kurdistan is a mountainous area in Middle East, that is mainly inhabited by Kurds.

Aigues-Mortes
Aigues-Mortes is a city in southce.

Léopold II Belgium
Leopold II, Kings was ruler Belgium from December 10, 1865 to December 17, 1909.

George V United Kingdom
George V  was ruler United Kingdom with family "Windsor".

Candy
Candy is a sweet food that is usually made from sugar water, with flavors other ingredients added.

Foreignism
A foreignism is a word expression which has found its way into more other languages.

Moray eel
Moray eels is a family eel.

Carcassonne
Carcassonne  is a fortified French town, in "Aude département" in "Languedoc".

Villeneuve-sur-Lot
As 1999, 24.700 people lived in city.

Agen
Agen is a city in Aquitaine,ce.

Libourne
Libourne is a commune.

Mirepoix (Ariège)
Mirepoix is a city in southce.

Kiss (album)
Kiss is self-titled debut album from hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Hotter Hell
Hotter Hell is album from hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.It was released on October 22, 1974.

Dressed To Kill
Dressed To Kill is studio album from hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Alive!
Alive is album from hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Destroyer (album)
Destroyer is studio album album overall by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

12-hour clock
The 12-hour clock is a way determining time in which 24 hours day are sections called "ante meridiem"  "post meridiem" .

Norfolk County Fair Horse Show
The Norfolk County Fair Horse Show is an annual showcase rides, country music, carnival food, expensive contraptions, horses that takes place in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.

Bootylicious
"Bootylicious" is a song performed by R&B girl group Destiny's Child.

Rigor mortis
Rigor Mortis is a condition that affects a human body after death.

Colosseum
The Colosseum  is ae amphitheatre in city Rome.

Amphitheatre
An Amphitheatre  is a type structure.

Circus Maximus
The Circus Maximus  is an ancient hippodrome located in Rome.

Peter Maxwell Davies
Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, CBE (b.

Take That
Take That is an boyband from Manchester.

Ambulance
An ambulance is a type vehicle made to carry sick injured people.

Gan language
Gan is languagegxi others provinces in China.

Rock And Roll Over
Rock And Roll Over is studio album album overall by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Love Gun
Love Gun is studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Alive II
Alive II is live album eight album overall by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Henry IV, Holy Emperor
Henry IV  was Kingy from 1056 Holy Emperor from 1084, till he was down in 1105.

Gene Simmons (album)
"Gene Simmons" is a solo album by Gene Simmons, bass player hard rock/heavy metal band, Kiss.

Paulley (album)
Paulley is a solo album from guitarist hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Ace Frehley (album)
Ace Frehley is a solo album from guitarist hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Tristan und Isolde
"Tristan und Isolde"  is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner.

Peter Criss (album)
Peter Criss is a solo album from drummer hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Pop Rocks
Pop Rocks are a candy with carbonation a "popping" feeling in mouth person eatingm.

Dynasty (album)
Dynasty is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Master Queen's Music
Master Queen's Music  is title given to chosen composer classical music; it is a post in Royal Household King Queen United Kingdom.

Unmasked
"Unmasked" is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Music From "The Elder"
"Music From "The Elder" is a concept album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Cross-platform
Cross-platform software is a type software that can run on many different operating systems computer architectures.

Investiture Controversy
The Investiture Controversy, also known as lay investiture controversy, was important conflict between secular religious powers in medieval Europe.

Cycas
Cycas is a genus plants.

Heliconia
Heliconia is a genus flowering plants.

Screenplay
A screenplay script is written instruction about happens in a movie television program.

Pope Gregory VII
Pope Gregory VII (c.

Excommunication
Excommunication is a religious act suspend membership in a religious community.

Helen Clark
Helen Elizabeth Clark  was Prime Minister Newd.

Scalable Vector Graphics
Scalable Vector Graphics  is a computer language to describe two dimensional images.

Creatures Of The Night
Creatures Of The Night is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Full communion
Full communion is a term used in ecclesiology to describe relations between two distinct communities Churches that recognise that each other shares same communion same essential doctrines.

Queue
A queue is a line people standing behind another who are waiting forthing.

Ecclesiology
Inology, ecclesiology is study doctrine about Church itself as a community about churches own view its mission role.

Ecclesia (Church)
Ecclesia  inology means both: aicular body people, whole body.

Communion (Christian)
The term Communion comes from Latin "communio" .

Renewable resource
A natural resource qualifies as a renewable resource if its stock  can increase over time.

Derek Taylor
Derek Taylor  was a journalist author.

Hot chocolate
Hot chocolate  is a hot drink.

Diuretic
A diuretic is a chemical substance.

The Byrds
The Byrdsre a popular 1960s rock band, from California.

Meningitis
Meningitis is an infection certain membranes tissues nervous system.

Mental confusion
Mental confusion  is a symptom.

Lick It Up
Lick It Up is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Wesleyan University
Wesleyan University, is a private liberal arts university in Middletown, Connecticut.

Ben 10
Ben 10 is an animated television show.

Karolowski
Karolowski  was a composer.

Animalize
"Animalize" is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Eubie Blake
Eubie Blake  was an pianist composer.

Ter Bagratdrovich
Duke Bagratdrovich Ter  was anficer a Imperial Army.

Roseanne (TV series)
"Roseanne" was an television series which was shown on ABC from 1988 to 1997.

Veronica Mars
"Veronica Mars" is an teen drama/mystery-neo-noir series.

Sega Game Gear
The Sega Game Gear is a handheld video game system made by Sega Corporation.

God Father
In many religions, deity God is called "Father".

Kevin Smith
Kevin Patrick Smith  is an screenwriter, film director founder View Askew Productions.

Nicene Creed
The Nicene Creed, Niceno Creed Icon/Symbol Faith, is widespread ecumenical statement faith.

Apostles' Creed
The Apostles' Creed ,times titled Symbol Apostles, is an early statement belief, a creed "symbol." It is widely used by a number denominations for both liturgical catechetical purposes, visibly by liturgical Churches tradition, including Latin Rite Catholic Church,ism, Communion, Orthodoxy.

Matcha
Matcha  also spelt maccha , is a fine, powdered green tea.

Asylum (album)
Asylum is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Green tea
The drink green tea  is a "true" tea.

Tatami
mats are a traditional flooring.

Sake
Sake  is a word for "alcoholic drink".

Majority
Majority means greater numberthing.

Charles Koechlin
Charles Koechlin ,  was a French composer, teacher writer on music.

Jastrzębie-Zdrój
Jastrzębie-Zdrój is a city ind in Sielsia voivodship.

Palm (unit)
A palm'", when used as a unit length, is usually four digits  three inches, i.e.

Schnapps
Schnapps is a type distilled alcoholic drink.

Standard time
Standard time is putting all clocks in a time zone to same time.

Span (unit length)
Span is width a human hand, from tip thumb to tip pinky finger.

Acting President United States
The Acting President United States is a person who temporary acts as President, when President cannot carry his duties, but remained infice.

Electric power transmission
Electric power transmission is process in transmitting electricity to consumers.

Darfur conflict
The Darfur conflict is an ongoing military conflict in Darfur region, country in Africa.

Darfur conflict bibliography
This is bibliography reference section for Darfur conflict series.

AIESEC
AIESEC , is a student club that was started in 1946.

WWEip
The World Wrestling Entertainment ip is a professional wrestling world championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.

Organelle
In cell biology, anganelle is a structure a cell having specialized functions.

That '70s Show
"That '70s Show" is an television series.

Sivaya Subramuniyaswami
Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami , known as by his followers, was a Hindu leader author.

Crazy Nights
"Crazy Nights" is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Hot in Shade
Hot in Shade is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Halfway Home (TV series)
"Halfway Home" is a comedy television series that premiered on Wednesday, March 14, 2007, at 10:30 p.m.

Prime Minister Newd
The Prime Minister Newd is Newd's head government.

The Masque Red Death
"The Masque Red Death" is a story written by Edgar Poe published in 1842.

Darfur
Darfur  is region farstern.

Mill (grinding)
A grinding mill is a tool that is a solid material into pieces.

Windmill
A windmill is an engine that is powered by wind to produce energy.

Windmill (disambiguation)
A windmill is an engine powered by sun to produce energy,ten contained in ae building as in traditional post mills, smock mills tower mills.

Blood transfusion
Blood transfusion is a medical term.

Delirium
It is very hard to treat delirium, without knowing cause for it.

Jaundice
Jaundice  is a disease.

Hildegard Bingen
Hildegard Bingen (borneim nr.

Alternative medicine
Alternative medicine describes practices used in place conventional medical treatments.

Divaldo Pereiraco
Divaldo Pereiraco simply, Divaldoco is a medium, born in Feira dea, Bahia, on May, 1927.

Hindu gods
One Supreme God is worshipped withinHinduism.

Coheed Cambria
Coheed Cambria  is an rock band from New York.

Watermill
A watermill is an engine that uses a water wheel turbine to drive a mechanical process such as flour lumber production, metal shaping .

Coma
Coma is a medical term.

Water wheel
A water wheel is a hydropower system; a machine for extracting power from flow water.

Favism
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency  is a hereditary disease.

Hydropower
Hydropower is capture energy moving water for purpose.

South Pacific
South Pacific is for a geographical region world.

Guido von List
Guido  List   was a writer.

Franklins
Franklins is a cheap supermarket company that can be found all over state New South Wales in Australia.

Hannover 96
Hannover 96 ist a sports club in Hanover, a city in northerny.

Water turbine
A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water.

AWD-Arena
The AWD-Arena is a football stadium in Hanover, a city in northy.

Renewable energy
Renewable energy comes from renewable resources.

Aral Sea
The Aral Sea , Uzbek "Orol dengizi", "Аральскοе мοре") is a landlocked sea in Central Asia; it lies between in north, an autonomous region, in south.

Radiation
Radiation is when energy moves through space on its own at speed light.

Non-ionizing radiation
Non-ionizing radiation (or, esp.

Electromagnetic spectrum
The electromagnetic  spectrum is range all possible electromagnetic radiation.

Spectrum (disambiguation)
A spectrum is a condition value that is not specific set values but can vary infinitely within a continuum.

Continuum
A Continuum is a continuous series where alls are very similar toir nearest neighbour, but ends extremes it are very different from each other.

Revenge (album)
Revenge is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Continuum (theory)
Continuumories models explain variation as involving a gradual quantitative transition without abrupt changes discontinuities.

Joseph Goebbels
Paul Joseph Goebbels   was a politician minister propaganda during Nazi regime.

Carl Maria von Weber
Carl Maria von Weber , 5 June, 1826 in London, was important composers earlytic period.

Alive III
"Alive III" is a live album by hard rock heavy metal band Kiss.

Ter
Ter  is a noble family during century.

Turbine
A turbine is an engine that turns fluid into energy.

Electric power
Electric power is defined as amount work done by an electric current, rate at which electrical energy is transmitted.

Kiss Unplugged
Kiss Unplugged is an album featuring hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss performance in MTV Unplugged on August 8, 1995.

Head (hydraulic)
Hydraulic head is a specific measurement water pressure total energy per unitight above a datum.

Susan Brownmiller
Susan Brownmiller  is a radical feminist.

Erich Fromm
Erich Pinchas Fromm  was an internationally renowned social psychologist, psychoanalyst, humanistic philosopher.

François Adrien Boieldieu
François Adrien Boieldieu  was a French composer.

Red Hot Riding Hood
Red Hot Riding Hood is a movie made by Tex Avery.

Turkish Angora
The Angora is a cat from Turkey.

Work (physics)
In physics, work is amount energy transferred by a force.

Psycho Circus
Psycho Circus is a studio album by hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Biological warfare
Biological warfare  is when pathogens are used as aapon.

Frankfurt Stockge
Thekfurt Stockge  is a stock exchange inkfurt, Hesse.

General-purpose programming language
A General-purpose programming language  is a way to tell a computer to do that makes a user's job easy quick without much confusion.

Bikini
A Bikini is a type swimsuit.

High Voltage
High Voltage is debut studio album by hard rock band DC.

Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap
Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is a studio album by hard rock band DC.

Iron oxide
Iron oxides are chemical compounds.

Jimi Hendrix
Jimi Hendrix ,  was an guitarist.

Incendiary device
Incendiary devices incendiary bombs are bombs.

Napalm
Napalm is for a number flammable liquids that have been used in warfare.

Midwestern United States
The United States  is a for north-central states United States America.

Maynard James
Maynard James  is an rock singer, songwriter, musician, producer.

Naphtha
Naphtha  is for a number intermediary products that occur when refining crude oil.

Lukas Podolski
Lukas Podolski  is a born footballer.

Naphthalene
Naphtalene  is a crystalline, white hydrocarbon, with a strong smell.

MySQL
MySQL is a database engine around internet.

White phosphorus
White phosphorus is an incendiaryapon.

Miroslav Klose
Miroslav Klose  is a born footballer.

Mothball
Mothballs are balls chemical pesticide deodorant.They are used when clothing other articles susceptible to damage from mold moth larvae are stored.

Oliver Kahn
Oliver Rolf Kahn  was a footballer.

Timod
Timod  is a footballer.

Philipp Lahm
Philipp Lahm  is a footballer.

Valencia C.F.
The FC Valencia is a football team in Spain.

Bastian Schweinsteiger
Bastian Schweinsteiger  is a footballer.

Feller Bach
The Feller Bach is a right tributary Moselle River ind-Palatinate .

Per Mertesacker
Per Mertesacker  is a footballer.

Bernd Schneider
Bernd Schneider  is a footballer.

David Odonkor
David Odonkor  is a footballer.

Black Entertainment Television
Black Entertainment Television  is an cable television television network.

Country Music Television
CMT  is an country music cable television channel.

Johnny Carson
John William "Johnny" Carson  was an actor, comedian writer.

TNT (band)
TNT is a hard rock/heavy metal band.

Anarcho-capitalism
Anarcho-capitalism is an anarchist philosophy that is against idea political government, for economic government through free market capitalism with supply demand.

Walther von der Vogelweide
Walther von der Vogelweide  was a famous poet composer.

Striptease
Striptease is an art people practice.

Roald Dahl
Roald Dahl  was a writer, famous for his novels, stories especially for his books for children.

Let There Be Rock
Let There Be Rock is a studio album by hard rock band DC.

Electrical energy
In anyse cases, SI unit electrical energy is joule.

Power (physics)
In physics, power  is rate at which work is performed energy is transferred.

Listtine Emperors
This is a list Emperors late Empire, calledtine by modern historians.

Maroon 5
Maroon 5 are a pop-rock band from Los Angeles, California.

Jensn
Jensn  is a footballer.

Karlsruher SC
Karlsruher SC is a football club in division .

A.C.
A.C.

Larissa
Larissa  is capital city Thessaly periphery Greece, capital Larissa Prefecture.

Steven Gerrard
Steven Boy George Gerrard is an football player.

Ikebana
Ikebana  is art making flower arrangements.

Venom (band)
Venom is a black metal band from Newcastle upon Tyne,d.

Scottsdale,ia
Scottsdale is a town in north-eastia, Australia.

Torsten Frings
Torsten Frings  is a footballer.

David
David Michael  is an late night television host.

Tide
A tide is periodic rising falling Earth's ocean surface caused by tidal forces Moon Sun acting on oceans.

Tidal force
Tidal force is caused by gravity makes tides happen.

Tidal energy
Tidal energy,times called "tidal power", is power achieved by capturing energy contained in moving water in tides open ocean currents.

Evangeline Lilly
Nicolegeline Lilly  is a actress.

View
A view is can be seen inbody's vision.

Greystones
Greystones  is a coastal town in County Wicklow,d.

Courtly love
Courtly love was a special idea love that people had in Europe in Middle Ages.

Royal court
A royal court noble court is a place where an important ruler such as a king, prince duke live.

Chris Gueffroy
Chris Gueffroy  was last person to die while trying to escape across Berlin Wall.

Electricity generation
Electricity generation is process in delivery electricity to consumers.

Casey Kasem
Casey Kasem  is an radio host voice actor.

Bloc Party
Bloc Party is a indie rock band.

VfR Mannheim
VfR Mannheim a football team.

SV Waldhof Mannheim
SV Waldhof Mannheim is a football club.

Popular science
If a book a TV show is popular science,n it is about science, but its made so its easy for everyone to understand.

Lullaby
A lullaby is a song which is sung to help a baby child go to sleep.

Lund
Lund is a city in south Sweden.

Guadalcanal
Guadalcanal is an island in Pacific.

1. FC Eintracht Bamberg
1.

FSVkfurt
FSVkfurt is football team inkfurt,y after Eintrachtkfurt.

Joachim Löw
Joachim "Jogi" Löw  is a footballer.

Polyhydroxyalkanoate
Polyhydroxyalkanoate  is a biopolymer that is made by bacteria.

SpVgg Bayreuth
SpVgg Bayreuth is a football team in Bayreuth, Bavaria.

Max Reger
Max Reger  was a composer,ganist, pianist teacher.

Saint Stephen
Saint Stephen  is known as martyrity.

The Dark Tower (series)
The Dark Tower is a series seven books by writer Stephen King that tells tale lead characterd Deschain's quest for "Dark Tower." .

Jon Corzine
Jon Stevens Corzine  is an politician.

James McGreevey
James E.

Barack Obama
Barack Hussein Obama II  is a United States Senator from Illinois, will be president United States.

Physical quantity
A physical quantity is a quantity in physics that can be measured.

Helicopter rotor
A rotor is rotating a helicopter which generates lift, either vertically in case a main rotor, horizontally in case a tail rotor.

Variations (music)
In music, variation is a wayganizing a piece music by taking a tune n repeating it in several different ways.

Logo (programming language)
Logo is a programming language that is easy to learn.

LISP
LISP  is for a programming language.

Lambda calculus
In mathematical logic computer science, lambda calculus, also λ-calculus, is aal system.

Family Jewels
Family Jewels is a two disc compilation DVD by hard rock band DC.

Power transmission
Power transmission is movement energy from its place generation to a place where it can be.

Ocean surface wave
Ocean surface waves are surface waves that occur in upper layer ocean.

Crest (physics)
A crest is point on a wave with greatest positive value upward displacement in a cycle.

Surface wave
__NOTOC__ In physics, a surface wave can refer to a mechanical wave that propagates along interface between differing media, usually two fluids with different densities.

Nausea
Nausea is a general feeling unease discomfort in stomach,ten with urge to vomit.

Anxiety
Anxiety is an unpleasant emotional state.

Lumbar puncture
A lumbar puncture  is a medical method to collect a sample cerebrospinal fluid.

Wave power
Wave power means energy ocean surface waves capture that energy to do work - including electricity generation, desalination, pumping water .

Port Royal
Port Royal was a city in Jamaica.

List bridges in United States
The list bridges in United States is a link page for bridges in United States.

Osborne's bull
Osborne's bull was created as an advertisement for a sherry in 1956.

Desalination
Desalination means any process that removes excess salt other minerals from water inder to obtain fresh water suitable for animal consumption irrigation.

Solar energy
Solar energy is energy that is present in sunlight.

Photovoltaics
Photovoltaics, PV for, is a solar power technology that uses solar cells to convert energy from sun into electricity.

Solar cell
A solar cell photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy.

Alternating current
An alternating current  is an electric current which magnitude direction vary.

Direct current
Direct current  is considered as constant flow electrons in single direction from low to high potential.

White hole
In astrophysics, a white hole is opposite a black hole.

Snowmobile
A snowmobile is a motorized vehicle over snow.

Remo Four
The Remo Fourre a rock band from Liverpool,d, from late 1950s early 1960s, at same time Beatlesre startingir musical careers.

Magnitude (mathematics)
The magnitude a mathematical object is its size: a property by which it can be than other objects same.

Fraction (mathematics)
A fraction is a mathematical expression relating two quantities numbers, divided by other.

Buckethead
Buckethead  is an guitarist composer.

Quotient
In mathematics, a quotient is end result a division problem.

Norman language
Norman is a language spoken indynelds.

Division (mathematics)
In mathematics division is an operation which is opposite multiplication.

Divisor
In mathematics, a divisor an integer "n", also called a factor "n", is an integer which evenly divides "n" without leaving a remainder.

Remainder
In arithmetic, result division two integers usually cannot be expressed with an integer quotient, unless a remainder —an amount "left over"— is also accepted.

Remainder (disambiguation)
Remainder is amount "left over" when dividing two integers.

List Century Fox movies
This is a list notable films produced/or distributed by U.S.

Andreas Starke
Andreas Starke   is Lord Mayor Bamberg in Bavaria,y since 2006.

Robert Enke
Robert Enke  is a footballer.

Velikiy Novgorod
Velikiy Novgorod  is a city in Russia.

Nizhny Novgorod
Nizhny Novgorod  is city in Russia.

Maxim Gorky
Aleksei Maksimovichkov  , better known as Maxim Gorky , was a Soviet/Russian author, a founder socialist realism literary method a political activist.

Ankh
The ankh was hieroglyphic character that stood for word ʿnḫ, meaning life.

Ingrid
Ingrid  was a actress.

Ruwer-Hochwald-Radweg
The Ruwer-Hochwald-Radweg is a cycle trail.

Novosibirsk
Novosibirsk  is Russia's city, after Moscow Saint Petersburg, administrative center Novosibirsk Oblast.

Alice Springs, Territory
Alice Springs is a city in Territory Australia.

Recital
A recital is a concert classical music given by just musician musician an accompanist.

Programme music
Programme music is a piece music for instruments which describesthing tells a story.

Anaerobicganism
An anaerobicganism is any living thing that does not need oxygen for growth.

Tetanus
Tetanus is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that hold on for time.

Immunization
Immunization, immunisation, is a way preventing a person from getting a disease.

Whipped cream
Whipped cream is a dairy food used in many desserts.

Tetanospasmin
Tetanospasmin is neurotoxin produced by vegetative spore "Clostridium tetani" in anaerobic conditions, causing tetanus.

Neurotoxin
A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cells – neurons – usually by interacting with membrane proteins ion channels.

Paralysis
Paralysis is complete loss muscle function for more muscle groups, when thing that is paralised can't move.

Membrane protein
A membrane protein is a protein molecule that is attached to, associated with membrane a cell anganelle.

Tampa Bayeers
The Tampa Bayeers are a Football team in National Football League .

Obelus
An obelus is a symbol consisting a line with dots above below,ula_1, mathematical division operation.

Vinculum (symbol)
A vinculum is a horizontal line put over a mathematical expression.

Colon (punctuation)
The colon  is a punctuation mark, visually consisting two equally sized dots centered on same vertical line.

Tomorrow Never Knows
Tomorrow Never Knows is a song from The Beatles's "Revolver" album, from 1966.

Gone with Wind (movie)
Gone with Wind is 1939 movie based on Margaret Mitchell's book with same.

Santino Marella
Anthony John Carelli  is an professional wrestler.

Fresco
Fresco is a way painting pictures.

The Count Monte Cristo
"The Count Monte Cristo"  is a novel bydre Dumas, père.

Hallandale Beach, Florida
Hallandale Beach is a city in Broward County, Florida, United States.

Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei
The Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei , also known as Nazi Party, was a politicaly.

Carl Nielsen
Carl Nielsen  was a composer.

Madonna Child
The Madonna Child The Virgin Child isten a work art which shows Virgin Mary Child Jesus.

Göppingen
Göppingen is a town in Baden-Württemberg,y.

National Gallery, London
The National Gallery, London is an art gallery in London,d, which has finest collections paintings in world.

Unperson
In George Orwell book Nineteen Eighty-Four, an Unperson isone who has been vaporized.

Düren
Düren is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y between Cologne Aachen.

Gütersloh
Gütersloh is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Iserlohn
Iserlohn is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Velbert
Velbert is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Lünen
Lünen is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Marl
Marl is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Bocholt
Bocholt is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Roman Abramovich
Roman Abramovich  is a businessman.

Morena Baccarin
Morena Baccarin  is an actress.

José Mourinho
José Mário dos Santos Mourinho Félix  is a football manager.

Sawmill
A sawmill is a facility where lumber is cut into boards.

Hazrat
Hazrat , who's birthname was Gool Rukh , was born as a princess in a royal Muslim family in northern India Empire.

Concept album
A concept album is a album in which all songs are about same thing.

Convenience food
Convenience food is a type food.

Zippo
A Zippo lighter is a refillable metal lighter made by Zippo Manufacturingy since 1933.

Contronym
A contronym is a word with two meanings.

Water heating
Water heating is armodynamic process using an energy source to heat water above its initial temperature.

Couëron
Couëron is a city ince ontic near Nantes.

Room temperature
Room temperature is "not" a precisely defined scientific term.

Kraftwerk
Kraftwerk is a pop band fromy that became famous in late 1970s 1980s for making electronic music.

Cricket ball
A cricket ball is a hard, solid ball cricket.

Baptist
Baptist is a word describing a tradition withinity may also refer to individuals belonging to a Baptist church a Baptist denomination.

Techno
Techno is a electronic dance music that became popular in Detroit, during mid-1980s.

Dog sled
A dog sled is a sled that is pulled by sled dogs can go over ice snow.

Multiset
A multiset  is a concept from mathematics.

Tom Brokaw
Thomas John Brokaw  is a popular television journalist is anchorman  "NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw".

Tuple
In mathematics, a tuple is a finite sequence objects.

Manure
Manure isganic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture.

Nutrient
A nutrient is either a chemical element compound used in anganism's metabolism physiology.

Histogram
A histogram is a concept from statistics.

Green manure
Historically, practice green manuring can be traced back to fallow cycle crop rotation, which was soils to recover.

Normal distribution
The normal distribution is a probability distribution.

Biomass
Biomass, in energy production industry means living recently living biological material which can be used as fuel for industrial production.

Variance
Probabilityory statistics talk about variance.

Tarzan's Treehouse
Tarzan's Treehouse is a walk-through attraction ind located in Anahiem, California.

Adam Małysz
Adam Małysz  is a ski jumper.

Salome
Salome Salomé , Daughter Herodias , Dismas, variouss Three Magi, is a given to a character in New Testament, whose is not givenre itself.

Winchester College
Winchester College is all-known boys' school.

Buffy Vampire Slayer (movie)
"Buffy Vampire Slayer" is a 1992 comedy horror movie about a cheerleader  chosen by fate to fight kill vampires.

Fran Rubel Kuzui
Fran Rubel Kuzui is an movie director producer.

Roseanne Barr
Roseanne Cherrie Barr  is an Emmy Award-winning actress, writer, comedian.

BI-LO (Australia)
Bi-Lo is a supermarket with 214 shops all over Australia.

Sucrose
Sucrose  is a disaccharide  with molecularula C12H22O11.

Disaccharide
A disaccharide is a sugar  composed two monosaccharides.

Biological hazard
A biological hazard, biohazard, is anything arising from livingganisms (ie.

Petri dish
A petri dish is a dish shaped a cylinder.

IGA Australia
Independent Grocers Australia  for, is independent supermarket group in Australia.

Chelmsford (borough)
Chelmsford is a borough in county Essex ind.

Desktop
A desktop on a PC  is an area size screen, which is used primarily for cuts to files folders on hard drive.

Communication Studies
Communication Studies is a college university area study involving study communication.

Belote
Belote is a French 32 card trick-taking game.

Monosaccharide
Monosaccharides are simplest carbohydrates.

Lactose
Lactose is a disaccharide that consists galactose glucose molecules.

Glycogen
Glycogen  is a polysaccharide that is principal storage glucose in animal cells.

Pollutant
Pollutants are compounds which are dangerous to environment.

Carbon monoxide
Carbon monoxide, also known as "coal gas", with chemicalula CO, is a colorless, odorless, tasteless gas.

Schweinfurt
Schweinfurt is a city inconia.

Falco
Falco  Hölzel, died on February 6, 1998 in Puerto Plata, Republic) was an pop singer.

Gabriel Pascal
Gabriel Pascal  was a movie producer director.

McLaren
McLaren is a Formula 1 racing team which has recently areas, such as making Mercedes McLaren SLR supercar at its Woking factory.

Haylie Duff
Haylie Katherine Duff  is an actress singer.

20th Century Fox
Twentieth  Century Fox Film Corporation  is ae company that makes movies .

Marquette,
Marquette is a city in U.S.

Johner
Johner  was important composer his time.

John Tavener
Sir John Tavener  is an composer.

Escape velocity
Escape velocity is speed thatthing would escape gravity ae body, a star a planet .

Razor
A razor is a tool with more blades used by men for shaving hair fromir face, by women for shaving hair fromir legs underarms.

Mood stabilizer
A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication mood disorders characterized by fast unstable mood changes.

International Baccalaureate
International Baccalaureate, IB, is a very famous very difficult school program.

Wolfgang Schüssel
Wolfgang Schüssel  wascellor Austria from February 4 2000 until January 11 2007.

Vaduz
Vaduz  is capital city country Liechtenstein.

Luxembourgish language
Luxembourgish is a Westic language.

Jean-Pierre Cassel
Jean-Pierre Cassel  was a French actor.

Sea cucumber
Sea cucumbers are classes echinoderms.

Yochanan Vollach
Yochanan Vollach, also transliterated Wallach Wallach, born 14 May 1945) is a Israeli footballer superstar which played at: Hapoel Haifa, Maccabi Haifa, HKFC.

Maccabi Haifa
Maccabi Haifa is sports club in Israel, founded in 1913, Maccabi association.

Hapoel Haifa
Hapoel Haifa F.

Swalwell, Alberta
Swalwell is a village in Kneehill County, Alberta, Canada.

Polysaccharide
Polysaccharides are relatively complex carbohydrates.

Alfred Gusenbauer
Alfred Gusenbauer (born February 8, 1960 in St.

Chinchilla
The Chincilla is a rodent.

Solubility
Solubility means ability for a given substance, solute, to dissolve in a solvent.

SpVgg Greuther Fürth
SpVgg Greuther Fürth is a football team in division.

Taj Mahal (musician)
Henry Saint Clair Fredericks, better known by stage Taj Mahal , is an blues musician.

Floyd Patterson
Floyd Patterson  was an heavyweight boxing champion Olympic gold medalist.

Clockwise
A clockwise movement is that moves "like clock's hands": from top to right,n down,n to left, back to top.

Manuel Friedrich
Manuel Friedrich  is a footballer with position Defender.

Bruno Kreisky
Bruno Kreisky  served ascellor Austria from 1970 to 1983.

Viscacha
Viscachas vizcachas are rodents.

Incisor
Incisors are specials teeth that can be found in mammals, such as humans.

Gerbil
The Gerbil is a family rodents.

Muridae
Muridae is family mammals.

Muroidea
Muroidea is ae superfamily rodents.

Pierre Boulez
Pierre Boulez   is important French composers modern classical music.

Murinae
The Old World rats mice  is a subfamily in family Muridae.

Castorimorpha
Castorimorpha is suborder rodents containing beavers, pocket gophers, kangaroo rats.

Arpeggio
In music, an arpeggio is a group notes which are played after other, either going up going down.

NKVD
The NKVD  "People's Commisariat foral Affairs") was a government department which handled a number Soviet Union's affairs state.

Spyglass Entertainment
Spyglass Entertainment is a movie television production company.

Hovercraft
A hovercraft is a vehicle that is supported moved by a cushion air blowing downwards.

Duccio
Duccio di Buoninsegna,  was important painters in Italy in Late Middle Ages.

Castoridae
Castoridae is a family rodents.

IUCN Red List
The IUCN Red List  is a list species.

Redruth
Redruth is a town in South West Cornwall.

Integrated Taxonomic Information System
The Integrated Taxonomic Information System is a common database.

Yersinia pestis
Yersinia pestis is a bacillus.

Leptospirosis
Leptospirosis  is a bacterial disease.

François-Joseph Gossec
François-Joseph Gossec  was a Southds composer.

Josiah Wedgwood
Josiah Wedgwood  was an potter, who became famous for industrialisation  pottery.

Tambourin
A tambourin  is a piece music which was popular ince in century.

Thomas Wedgwood III
Thomas Wedgwood  was an potter.

Thomas Wedgwood IV
Thomas Wedgwood  was an potter.

Carl Philippuel Bach
Carl Philippuel Bach  was a musician composer.

Maria Barbara Bach
Maria Barbara Bach  was wife composern Bach.

Ligue 1
Ligue 1 is a football league which is top division ince Monaco.

Serie A
Serie A is a football league which is top division in Italy.

Oath
An oath  is a promise.

Jeffrey Archer
Jeffrey Howard Archer, Baron Archer Weston-super-Mare  is a author politician.

Return to Oz
"Return to Oz" is a 1985 Disney movie that is a sequel The Wizard Oz.

Mordred
Mordred is a character from legend.

Miss America
Miss America is a beauty contest.

Firewall (networking)
Originally, a "firewall" was a wall that was built to stop  spread a fire.

The Cask Amontillado
"The Cask Amontillado"  is a story, written by Edgar Poe.

Osei Bonsu
Osei Bonsu  wastehene .

Uther Pendragon
Uther Pendragon is father King Arthur in legend.

Chocolate milk
Chocolate milk is a cold, sweetened milk drink made by mixing cold milk with chocolate syrup cocoa powder sugar.

Chocolate syrup
Chocolate syrup is a thick, sweet, chocolate-flavored liquid.

Wetsuit
Atsuit is a garment used by scuba divers, snorkelers, windsurfers, surfers to keepmselves warm wheny are in cold ocean water.

Touch rugby
Touch rugby is a version rugby that replaces being tackled with being touched.

Coven
Coven is a word that meant any type meeting gathering.

First Geneva Convention
The First Geneva Convention is several Geneva Conventions.

Second Geneva Convention
The Second Geneva Convention 1906 is Geneva Conventions.

Disc jockey
A disc jockey  is a person who plays recorded pop dance music for dancers listeners introducess songs using a microphone.

Padniewko
Padniewko is a village ind in Kuyaviaia voivodship.

Sierra Nevada (US)
The Sierra Nevada  is a mountain range that is almost entirely in eastern portion U.S.

Flurbereinigung
Flurbereinigung  is a word used iny to refer to rearranging fields in agriculture.

Live 8
Live 8 was a rock concertganized by activist Bob Geldof.

Rigveda
Rigveda is an ancient religious book.

Ecozone
An ecozone biogeographic realm is scale biogeographic division earth's surface.

Biomass (ecology)
In ecology, biomass means cumulation living matter.

Amorphous solid
An amorphous solid is a solid in whichre is no long-rangeder positions atoms.

Climate commitment studies
Climate commitment describes fact that climate reacts slowly to factors  such as greenhouse gases.

Slipknot
Slipknot is an heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa.

Archie Moore
Archie Moore  was an boxer.

Joe Frazier
Joseph William Frazier  is an boxer.

Hodgkin's lymphoma
Hodgkin's lymphoma, also known as Hodgkin's disease is a cancer lymphatic system, also known as a lymphoma.

Marvin Hagler
Marvin Hagler  is an boxer.

Sierra Nevada (Spain)
The Sierra Nevada, meaning "snowy range" in, is a mountain range in region Andalusia in Spain.

Airline
An airline is a company that transports people items using airplanes.

Wax
Wax  is a chemical substance.

Polyethylene terephtalate
Polyethylene terephthalate  is armoplastic polymer resin polyester family.

Nuclear energy
Nuclear energy is energy that holds together nucleii atoms.

Card Sharks
Card Sharks was a game show airing from 1978 to 2001.

Family Feud
Family Feud is a television game show that has aired since 1976.

Bank America Stadium
The Bank America Stadium is a sports stadium located in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Aston Martin
Aston Martin Lagonda Limited is a luxury car company that was founded in 1913 by Lionel Martin Robert Bamford.

Sydney Opera House
The Sydney Opera House is a building on shores Sydney Harbour, in Sydney, Australia.

Sydney Harbour Bridge
The Sydney Harbour Bridge, located in Sydney Harbour, is a bridge that joins north Sydney with south Sydney.

Sydney Cricket Ground
The Sydney Cricket Ground is a sports field in Sydney.

Darling Harbour
Darling Harbour is a harbour in Sydney, Australia.

Bondi Beach
Bondi Beach is a beach in Sydney, Australia, about kilometre long roughly seven kilometres from center city.

ANZ Stadium
Telstra Stadium is a sports stadium in Sydney, Australia.

Sydney Aquarium
The Sydney Aquarium is an aquarium in Darling Harbour, Sydney.

Employment Non-Discrimination Act
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act  is a bill (proposed U.S.

Cthulhu
Cthulhu  is a fictional god.

Szczecin - Dąbie Airstrip
Szczecin - Dąbie Airstrip is a airstrip on right side river in Szczecin  in Dąbie.

Diabetes insipidus
In Diabetes Insipidus,re is a chemical missing from blood that helps body to keep liquid inside.

Caecilian
Thes are ander  amphibians.

Bullet-proof vest
A bullet-proof vest  is a protective piece clothing that covers torso  a person.

Dry suit
A dry suit is a type protective clothing worn by scuba divers who are swimming in very cold water, such as in Arctic ocean Northtic ocean.

Gauntlet
A gauntlet is a protective covering that is used in gloves mittens.

Nylon
Nylon, which is also called Polyamide, is a synthetic  fiber.

Forearm
The forearm is human arm between elbow wrist.

Mitten
A mitten is a type protective clothing hand.

Mountain climber
A mountain climber is a person who goes up mountains cliffs.

Figure speech
A figure speech is an expression a message.

Adobe
Adobe is a proprietary computer program created by Adobe Systems.

Inheritance (computer science)
In Object-oriented programming languages, inheritance is a way to add functionality.

Michael
Michael  is a retired basketball player.

Lawrence Taylor
Lawrence Taylor  is a retired football player who Yorkts in National Football League .

New Yorkts
The New Yorkts are an football team.

Hakeem Olajuwon
Hakeem Olajuwon  is a retired basketball player.

Ecomuseum
An ecomuseum is a museum which shows things about identity a place.

Scottie Pippen
Scottie Pippen  is a retired basketball player.

Chicago Bulls
Chicago Bulls are a professional basketball team.

Barry Bonds
Barry Bonds  is an Major League Baseball player.

Bill Russell
Bill Russell  is a retired basketball player.

Diving suit
A diving suit is a type protective clothing worn by scuba divers wheny swim underwater in oceans, lakes, rivers.

Kilt
A kilt is a ceremonial article clothing worn ind.

Straitjacket
A straitjacket is a type clothing patients in mental health hospitals psychiatric wards hospitals.

Space suit
A spacesuit is an article protective clothing worn by astronauts wheny travel into space into upper atmosphere.

Weasel
Aasel is a meat-eating mammal.

Passport
A passport is a travel document that says that person carrying it is a citizen country on passport.

University Nottingham
The University Nottingham is a university in city Nottingham, in United Kingdom.

Metastasis
Metastasis is happens when cancer spreads from itsiginal place to another body.

Dingo
Dingo  is a mammal found in Australia South-East Asia.

Silk Road
Silk Road was a trade route  thatnt across Asia to Sea that let China trade with other places.

Isis
Isis  was a goddess in mythology.

Osiris
In mythology, Osiris was god life, death, flooding Nile.

Privy Council United Kingdom
Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council is a group advisors to Monarch.

Patrician
A patrician was a member upper class in two social classes in ancient Rome.

W.A.S.P.
W.A.S.P.

Virginia Tech massacre
The Virginia Tech massacre was a school shooting on April 16, 2007, which took place at Virginia Polytechnic Institute State University, a college in Blacksburg, Virginia, United States.

Shakira
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll , known simply as Shakira, is a two-time Grammy Award-winning eight-time Latin Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, instrumentalist, record producer, dancer occasional actress.

Joe Louis
Joe Louis  was an boxer.

Larry Holmes
Larry Holmes  was an boxer.

Skiing
Skiing is a sport that takes place on slopes snow.

1966 FIFA World Cup
The 1966 FIFA World Cup was FIFA World Cup.

Princess Taiping
Princess Taiping was a princess Tang dynasty China.

Horus
Horus was a god in mythology.

Seth
In mythology, Seth  was a god.

Shaka Sankofa
Shaka Sankofa aka Gary Graham born Gary Lee Graham .

Juliusz Slowacki
Juliusz Slowacki  was a poet.

Mistreat
Mistreat is a hard rock/Oi!/Rock Against Communism band fromd.

Red dwarf
A red dwarf is a star.

Javaris Crittenton
Javaris Chrittenton  is an basketball player.

Ali Khamenei
Grand Ayatollah  , also known as Seyyed Ali Khamene'i, is current Supreme Leader.

Canon Law
Canon law is term ecclesiastical law many churches, such as Catholic Church, Orthodox Churches Communion churches.

Mstislav Rostropovich
Mstislav Leopoldovich Rostropovich  was a cellist conductor.

New Super Mario Bros.
New Super Mario Bros.

Galinanevskaya
Galinanevskaya  is all-known opera singer recitalist.

Voting system
The voting system is a set rules about way people vote how votes are counted.

Singlesferable Vote
Singlesferable Vote  is a type Voting system.

Individual Savings Account
An Individual Savings Account  is a special type bank account in United Kingdom.

Bound For Glory
Bound For Glory is a Neo-Nazi thrash metal/Rock Against Communism band from Minnesota, USA.

Neo-Nazism
Neo-Nazism means ideology political groups who want to return to beliefs practices Nazism after end World War II.

Israeli West Bank barrier
The Israel-West-Bank barrier is a wall being built State Israel to separate West Bank River from Israel.

Hammer (piano)
A piano uses hammers - pieces wood covered with felt - to hit strings.

Joey Maxim
Joey Maxim  was an boxer.

Armed Islamic Group
The Armed Islamic Group  is an Islam terroristganization based in Algeria.

Takfir wal-Hijra
"Takfir wal-Hijra  is a violent Islamic Salafi extremist group.

Ma'at
In mythology, Ma'at, pronounced as *Muʔʕat , is goddess law, morality, justice.

Sermon on Mount
The Sermon on Mount is a Biblical speech by Jesus Nazareth to his followers ae group people around AD 30.

Irmo, South Carolina
Irmo is a town 12 milesside Columbia, South Carolina.

List Harry Potter films cast members
__NOTOC__ The following is a list cast members who voiced played characters appearing in "Harry Potter" film series.

Mediterranean climate
A climate is a climate that is similar to climate lands bordering Sea.

Hans Richter
Hans Richter  4 April 1843; died Bayreuth 5 December 1916) was an Austro conductor.

Thylacine
Thylacinesre carnivorous  marsupial animals.

Rock Against Communism
Rock Against Communism  was a series Neo-Nazi concerts in United Kingdom in late 1970's 1980's.

Swastika
The Swastika is a cross with its arms bent at right angles, in either left-facing right-facings.

List Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
This is a selected list feature films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Zoo Tycoon 2
"Zoo Tycoon 2" is a 2004 simulation computer game.

Zoo Tycoon
"Zoo Tycoon" is a simulation computer game.

Chapel
A chapel is a place for worship.

Clandestine chemistry
Clandestine chemistry is chemistry that occurs in a lab that is illegal drugs, usually using unsafe equipment.

Flask
A flask is a common piece apparatus.

Franks
Theks peoplesre severalstic federations tribes.

Franks (disambiguation)
Theks are medievalic tribes.

Bohuslav Martinů
Bohuslav Martinů  was a Czech composer.

Zebra mussel
The zebra mussel is a shellfish.

San Marcos, Texas
San Marcos is a city located in central Texas.

Bar (music)
A bar measure is used in writing music.

Rostov
Rostov  is oldest towns in Russia.

Alaskan king crab fishing
Alaskan king crab fishing is an event done in winter in Bering Sea near Alaska where people fish for many King Crabs.

Link (The Legend Zelda)
Link is a fictional character in "The Legend Zelda" games is person you play as in all games.

Solar power station in Victoria
A new Solar power station in Victoria is planned.

Waldpolenz Solar Park
Waldpolenz Solar Park, will be world’s photovoltaic  power system, to east Leipzig iny.

Masaccio
Tommaso Guidi, better known as Masaccio, , was a famous painterce.

Wind power iny
Germany is world's user wind power with an installed capacity 20,621MW in 2006, ahead Spain which had 11,615MW.

Wind power in Denmark
After world's oil crises in 1970s, Denmark wind power.

River Don
The Don  is major rivers Russia.

Grace Hopper
Grace Murray Hopper  was an computer scientist United States Navyficer.

Marin Alsop
Marin Alsop  is an conductor.

Nevada Solar One
Nevada Solar One is solar power plant in world, generating 64MW.

Integrated Pest Management
In agriculture, Integrated Pest Management  is a pest control strategy.

Serpa solar power plant
Construction 11 megawatt Serpa solar power plant in Portugal began in June 2006 was completed in January 2007.

Indian Solar Programme
The United Nation Environment Programme's Solar Programme has won "World award for Sustainability" for helping to establish a householder loan program for solar home power systems.

Clovis I
Clovis I  (c.

Merovingian dynasty
Thesre a dynasty kings who ruled in region ancient Gaul , from to century.

Dale Earnhardt
Ralph Dale Earnhardt, Sr.

Homelessness
Homelessness refers to condition people who do not have a house apartment to stay in.

Hideshi Hino
Hideshi Hino  is a manga artist.

Salland
Salland is a historical region inst north present Dutch province Overijssel.

Darkthrone
Darkthrone is a black metal band from Norway.

Minutemen (band)
The Minutemenre a veryll known Hardcore punk band from 1980s.

Hammurabi
Hammurabi , was king Babylon.

Double Nickels on Dime
"Double Nickels on Dime" is a hardcore punk album made by Minutemen.

Timbaland
Timothy Z.

Melvins
The Melvins are an rock band.

Married maidens
A maiden is family a woman has before she marries.

Tom Whedon
Tom Whedon is an television writer.

Zack Whedon
Zack Whedon is an television writer.

Langnau im Emmental
Langnau im Emmental  is a village in Emmental, in canton Bern.

Muri bei Bern
Muri bei Bern is a township ind near Bern.

The Legend Zelda (video game)
is video game in The Legend Zelda series games.

Deadliest Catch
The Deadliest Catch is a reality television series on Discoverynel, about king crab fishing.

Garage rock
Garage rock is a raw rock roll.

Psychedelic rock
Psychedelic rock is a style rock music.

Doppelgänger
A Doppelgänger a doppelganger is a word used in to talk about any doubleone that looks exactly another person — commonly an "evil twin." In folklore, a doppelganger that is seen by a person's friends family means person will have illness is in danger, while seeing your own doppelgänger means you willly die.

Absurd
Absurd is a Neo Nazi black metal band fromy.

Nokturnal Mortum
Nokturnal Mortum is a pagan black metal band from Ukraine.

Repo Man (movie)
"Repo Man" is a 1984 comedy/science fiction movie starring Emilio Estevaz Harryton.

Social worker
A social worker is a government employee that helps people who cannot helpmselves including phisically disabled people, people, people with addictions to drugs cocaine marijuana.

Reggie Miller
Reggie Miller  is a retired basketball player.

Altarpiece
An altarpiece is a work art that has been made to go above altar in a church.

Wood mouse
The Wood Mouse  Long-tailed Field Mouse is a common rodent.

Codex Hammurabi
The Code Hammurabi was a code law.

Media player
Media player is a word that describes computer software that can play more than type media .

The Weathernel (United States)
The Weathernel is a television channel that is shown on TV in United States.

Comet Borrelly
Comet Borrelly is a periodic comet.

Microcontroller
A microcontroller  is a high integrated functional computer system-on-a-chip.

Melodrama
Melodrama is a portmanteau word,ed by combining words "melody" from Greek "melōidía", meaning "song") "drama".

Skullhead
Skullhead was a 1980s Rock Against Communism band from Newcastle,d.

Landser
Landser is a Neo-Nazi, Rock Against Communism rock band fromy.

Blue Eyed Devils
Blue Eyed Devils was a Neo-Nazi, RAC band from Delaware, USA.

Lily Allen
Lily Rose Beatrice Allen  is an pop singer.

Zerah Colburn
Zerah Colburn  was a child prodigy.

Quedlinburg
Quedlinburg is a City in state Saxony-Anhalt,y.

DreamWorks
DreamWorks  is movie studios which makes, pays for, releases films, video games, television shows.

Universal Studios
Universal Studios , a subsidiary NBC Universal, is major film studios that has production studiosfices located at 100 Universal City Plaza Drive in Universal City, California, an unincorporated area Los Angeles County between Los Angelesk.

Second Punic War
The Second Punic War was a war Hannibal Scipious fought in 218 BC-202 BC.

Battle Zama
Zama was a battle in Carthage around October 19, 202 BC.

Touchstone Pictures
Touchstone Pictures  is several alternate film labels The Walt Disneyy, established in 1984.

United States Coast Guard
The United States Coast Guard is 5 branches military United States.

Sean Paul
Sean Paulcis Henriques  is a popularll-known reggae dancehall musician.

Marbury v. Madison
Marbury v.

Bamberg Rural District
The district Bamberg is a district in Bavaria,y.

Theo Jörgensmann
Theo Jörgensmann (b.

Italian Plague 1629-1631
The Plague 1629-1631 was a seriesbreaks bubonic plague from 1629 through 1631 in northern Italy.

Norwich
Norwich is county town Norfolk, a county in Eastd.

Pir Abdal
Pir Abdal (ca.

William Byrd
William Byrd  was greatest composer his time.

Cuneiform
Cuneiform is oldest writing that know.

Menes
Menes was a pharaoh dynasty ancient Egypt.

Bast
Bast was ancient goddess protection cats.

Ra
"For chemical element, see Radium." In mythology, Ra was god sun.

Jim Morrison
James Douglas  Morrison  was lead singer rock band The Doors.

Anchovy
The anchovies are a family  but common schooling saltwater plankton-feeding fish.

Indigenouss
Australian Aborigines are native people Australia.

Ian Thorpe
Ian Thorpe  is an swimmer.

Cathy
Catherine Astrid Salome (d.o.b.

Paris Hilton
Paris Whitney Hilton  is an celebrity.

Amun
In mythology, Amun was a very god.

Aten
Aten was a ancient god sun, Ra.

Clam
A clam is a type shellfish.

Bes
Bes was ancient god protection pregnant women, newborn babies family.

Hokkaido Wolf
The Hokkaido wolf "" is a subspecies Gray Wolf.

Hornet
A hornet is a typee wasp.

Geb
In mythology, Geb was god earth.

Sting (disambiguation)
A sting is an injury which a person may receive from a stinging nettle, wasp, bee, hornet, jellyfish scorpion.

Type O Negative
Type O Negative is a doom metal band from Brooklyn, New York.

Doom metal
Doom metal is a heavy metal.

Candlemass
Candlemass is a doom metal band from Sweden.

Split album
A split album is a music album which includes tracks by two three separate artists.

Brown dwarf
A brown dwarf is a term for an object in space that is different than planets, but isn't a true star.

Dividend
Dividends are payments made by a company to its shareholders.

Camille Dalmais
Camille Dalmais  is a French singer.

Dialga
Dialga is a fictional character in Pokémon video game series.

Germanicus
Germanicus Caesar  was a general.

PS10 solar power tower
Planta Solar 10  is a solar power plant located in Sanlucar la Mayor, Spain.

Feyenoord Rotterdam
Feyenoord Rotterdam is a Dutch football team from Rotterdam.

Headquarters
Headquarters is a given to main building anganization where its functions are done.

Estates Theatre
The Estates Theatre Stavovské divadlo in Prague is oldest opera houses in Europe.

National Theatre, Prague
The "Národní Divadlo" National Theatre in Prague is a very famous building which has been very important for more than 150 years for culture Czech history.

Rectification
Rectification is process converting alternating current  to direct current .

Drone (music)
In music, a drone is a note which sounds all time while a piece music is played.

Pedal point
A pedal point  is a note which keeps sounding for several bars, usually in bass .

Euclidean geometry
Euclidean geometry is a system in mathematics.

János Bolyai
János Bolyai  was a mathematician, known for his work in non geometry.

Diana (mythology)
In mythology,a was goddess hunting, in later times, moon chastity.

Thoth
In mythology, Thoth was deity scribes.

List Norse gods goddesses
This is a list Norse gods goddesses that are in Norse mythology.

List gods goddesses
This is a list gods goddesses that are in mythology.

Nut (goddess)
In mythology, Nut was goddess sky.

Dennis Kearney
Dennis Kearney  was an politician.

Cross Gold speech
The Cross Gold speech was a famous speech at 1896 Democratic National Convention by William Jennings.

Uccello
Paolo Uccello, , was a painter from Florence in Italy, during time known as Earlyce.

Fallen Leaves
Fallen Leaves is a song by music group, Billy Talent.

Sumer Is Icumen In
"Sumer Is Icumen In" is a very old song which can be sung as a round.

Carmen
Carmen is a French opera written is 1875 by Georges Bizet.

Civil law
Civil law is a system law in world.

Kumquat
The kumquats cumquats are a group fruit-bearing trees.

Teton Mountains
The Teton Mountains are mountains on border between Wyoming Idaho in United States America.

Baunach
Baunach is a town in state  Bavaria.

Burgebrach
Burgebrach is a municipality in district Bamberg located in Upperconia, Bavaria,y.

Ostinato
In music, an ostinato is a pattern notes which is repeated many times.

Coffee system
A Coffee System Hot beverage system is a special machine for making coffee.

1492 Pictures
1492 Pictures is an film production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995.

Life in Hell
Life In Hell is a comic strip made by Matt Groening.

Feijoa
The Feijoa , also known as Pineapple Guava Guavasteen, is an evergreen shrub tree, 1-7 m in height.

Wessex
Wessex was an old Anglo-Saxon kingdom befored became country.

Barrel Racing
Barrel Racing is a sport in rodeo.

Clover
Clover  is a genus about 300 species plants in pea family.

Clover (disambiguation)
Companies.

Discus throw
The discus throw is an event in athletics, where a heavy disc is thrown for distance.

Eragon
"Eragon" is a book written by Christopher Paolini.

William Baillie
Captain William Baillie  was an military man artist.

Rusty Anderson
Rusty Anderson  is an guitarist, singer songwriter from California.

Handshake
A handshake is when two people hold hands for a fews movem up down before letting go.

Wave (gesture)
Wave is a movement hand that people use to greet each other wheny have just seen each other are about to leave.

Baseball bat
A baseball bat is a smooth wooden metal rod used in game baseball to hit ball after ball is thrown by pitcher.

Softball
Softball is a sport similar to baseball but pitchers throw underhand.

Dietrich Buxtehude
Dietrich Buxtehude   was a  composerganist.

Buxtehude
Buxtehude is a town iny.

Harlemce
The Harlemce is for a movement in culture in 1920s 1930s which has had a influence on literature, philosophy music.

Hollywood Pictures
Hollywood Pictures is The Walt Disneyy's movie companies.

Third World
The Third World is way to describe countries which do not have a lot money resources.

Thirty Years' War
The Thirty Years' War was fought from 1618 until 1648.

Database normalisation
Database normal is a term used in Computer science.

Clipboard
A clipboard is a thin board with ae  clip at top.

Ugliness
Ugliness is a property physical things which are not nice to look at.

Texture
The word texture means: things are made howy feel.

Microsoft Outlook Express
Microsoft Outlook Express is a email program made by Microsoft.

Michael Spinks
Michael Spinks  is an boxer.

Goodbye
Goodbye is a traditional saying that is said when leaving.

Candy cane
A candy cane is a hard cane-shaped candy stick.

Leon Spinks
Leon Spinks  is an boxer.

Cruiserweight
Cruiserweight is a division in boxing for fighters whoigh over 175 pounds up to 200 pounds .

Botanic
Botanic is a district South Belfast, in countryd.

Steve Jay
Stephen "Steve" Jay  is a bassist known for working with singer-songwriter "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Minimum wage
The minimum wage is least amount money that employees a business can be paid.

Dookie
Dookie is album by band Green Day.

Joe Manchin
Joseph  Manchin III  is an politician.

Renaissance art
The sculptor Donatello created a life-size statue a soldier on horseback, This work art took place duringce Italy.

Renaissance architecture
This country house was built by Palladio in 1550.

Fiji One
Fiji One is a Free to Air television channel run by Fiji Television.

Comet (shop)
Comet is a chain shops in UK.

Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's is a supermarket chain based in United Kingdom.

Venus Willendorf
"Venus Willendorf", also known as "Woman Willendorf", is an 11.1 cm  high statuette a female figure.

Acts Supremacy
The Acts Supremacy was passed by Henry VIII in 1534.

Compact fluorescent lamp
A compact fluorescent lamp , is a type lamp  into same space as an incandescent bulb, but with advantages a fluorescent lamp.

PL
PL Church Perfect Liberty is an international religion that developed from Zen Buddhist culture early in century.

Winston Smith
Winston Smith is a fictional character protagonist George Orwell's 1949 novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four".

Yantai
Yantai is a coastal city facingg Hai.

Qiemo
Qiemo is an inland city ing, China.

Fictional universe
A fictional universe is an made up world that is used as setting for  many works fiction.

Ronnie James Dio
Ronnie James Dio  is an heavy metal singer.

Chow Yun-Fat
Chow Yun-Fat  is a Hong Kong actor.

Anglican Communion
The Communion is an association all churches in full communion with Churchd.

Jules Verne
Jules Verne  was a French writer, he is authors to write science-fiction.

Teenaget Ninja Turtles
Teenaget Ninja Turtles  are a group fictional characters.

Atze Schröder
__NOTOC__ Atze Schroder  is a comedy figure played by Hubertus Albers.

Autonomy
Autonomy means freedom from external authority.

Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel  was a philosopher born in Stuttgart, Württemberg, which is now southwesty.

London Borough Croydon
The London Borough Croydon is a London Borough.

Nicolas Sarkozy
Nicolas Sarkozy, born on 28 January, 1955 in Paris,ce, has been Presidentce since 16 May 2007, succeeding Jacques Chirac.

RVV Hillesluis
Rotterdamse Voetbalvereniging "Hillesluis"  is a football club in Rotterdam.

Tyrant
A tyrant  is a person who rules in a very cruel way.

Johann Pachelbel
Johann Pachelbel , baptized 1 September 1653; died Nürnberg, buried 9 March 1706) was a composerganist.

Opioid
Opioids is a for chemical substances that act morphine in human body.

Analgesic
Analgetics   is for various drugs that are pain.

Blender (program)
Blender is a free, open source 3D computer graphics program.

Mark Shuttleworth
Mark Richard Shuttleworth  is a South business person.

Paracetamol
Paracetamol  is a common analgesic.

Morphine
Morphine   is a potent opiate analgesic drug.

Ségolène Royal
Marie-Ségolène Royal , known as is a French politician.

Codeine
Codeine methylmorphine is an opiate analgesic properties.

Opium
Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies "".

Union for a Popular Movement
The Union for a Popular Movement , is main French centre-right politicaly.

Methadone
Methadone is a synthetic opioid.

Oxycodone
Oxycodone is a synthetic opioid.

Pethidine
Pethidine meperidine is a fully synthetic opioid.

French National Assembly
The French National Assembly  is two houses Parliamentce under Fifth Republic.

Hyperthyroidism
Hypertyroidism is a medical condition.

99942 Apophis
 Apophis is a near-Earth asteroid that worried people for a in December 2004.

Dance music
Dance music is music that is made to be danced to.

Baruch Spinoza
Baruch Spinoza  was a Dutch philosopherigin.

Rationalism
Rationalism is a branch philosophy where validity an idea is determined by logic, rather than religious revelations, meditation, emotions observations.

2029
2029  will be a common year starting on Monday calendar.

Elephants Dream
"Elephants Dream" is a movie made usingly open source software.

Chapel Royal
The Chapel Royal is a group priests singers who sing church services for monarch .

Orlando Gibbons
Orlando Gibbons  was an composerganist.

Waits
Waits Waitesre town pipers.

Tennis Court Oath
The oath was a pledge signed by 576 members 577ce's Third Estate a few members Second Estate on June 20, 1789 in a tennis court near Palace Versailles.

Chart
A chart graph is an image which summarizes data presents it in an easy to understand way.

Samuel Adams
Samuel Adams , 1722–October 2, 1803) was an leader, politician, writer, political philosopher, Founding Fathers United States.

Bar chart
A bar chart is a type chart which shows values different categories data as rectangular bars with different lengths.

Pie chart
A pie chart is a type chart with shape a pie circle.

Biographical Directory United States Congress
The "Biographical Directory United States Congress" is a biographical dictionary all present members United States Congress.

Teapot
A teapot is a container tea leaves with boiling water to make tea.

Le Monde
"Le Monde"  is a French daily evening newspaper.

Begging question
Begging question requires two more ideas.

Ciwan Haco
Ciwan Haco  is a singer.

Tata Young
Tata Young  is a Thai singer, model actress.

Practice
Practice practise  is act repeating a behavior over over, doing an activity again again.

Stevens' power law
Stevens' power law is a proposed relationship between magnitude a physical stimulus intensity strength that people feel.

Stimulus
Stimulus  is a change in environment around a person thing that can feel change.

Logic gate
A logic gate is an electronic component that can be electricity based on a rule.

Plaza Mayor Madrid
The Plaza Mayor Madrid was built in 1400's on same location as old Plaza del Arrabal .

Gran Via
The Vía  is important shopping areas in Madrid, Spain.

Cibeles
Cibeles is given to marble fountain found in Plaza de Cibeles  on Paseo de laa.

Puerta del Sol
The Puerta del Sol  is known as 'Spain's belly button'.

Royal Palace Madrid
The Palacio Real de Madrid  isficial home King Spain.

Puerta de Alcalá
The Puerta de Alcalá  is a monument in Plaza de la Independencia  in Madrid, Spain.

Plaza
Plaza is a word related to "field" which describes an open public space in a city, such as a city square.

Transduction
In physiology, transduction is conversion change a stimulus from to another.

Sport Clubs Paulista
History.

Lyrics
Lyrics are words to a song.

Judicial review
Judicial review is power a court to decide whether a law decision by government is constitutional.

Asian Dust
Asian Dust  is aather occurrence that happens each year.

Aden Abdullah Daar
Aden Abdulle Daar  , was a Somali politician.

Service worship
A service worship is a religious meeting where people come together, usually in a church cathedral, inder to worship God.

Bandidos
Bandidos is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership.

Hells Angels
Hells Angels is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership.

Outlaws Motorcycle Club
The Outlaws Motorcycle Club is an motorcycle club.

Blood Honour
Blood Honour is a Neo-Nazi music promotion network.

Perry
Perry is a science fiction series, published since 1961.

Wieluń
Wieluń is a city in centrald.

Nasjonal Samling
Nasjonal Samling  was a fascisty in Norway, active in period 1933-1945.

One Piece
One Piece  is an Anime series created by Eiichiro Oda, follows Mugiwara Pirates, led by captain Monkey D.

Style guide
Style guides give help on language usage when writing.

Parque del Buen Retiro
The Retiro Park is known park in Madrid.

Crystal Palace (Madrid)
The Palacio de Cristal Crystal Palace is ae glass building in Madrid, Spain.

Las Ventas
The Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas is a building in Madrid, Spain used mainly for bullfighting.

Yellow spot
Yellow spot macula is an oval yellow spot near center retina human eye.

Retina
The retina is thin layer cells that lines back eyeball in humans in many animals.

The Exploited
The Exploited is a punk rock band.

4Kids
4Kids Entertainment  is an movie television production company.

Cubism
Cubism is a style art which breaks thing which is being usesse shapes to put image in an abstract.

Sham 69
Sham 69 is a punk rock band fromd.

Visual acuity
Visual acuity  is acuteness clearness vision, especially vision, which depends on sharpness retinal focus within eye, sensitivity nervous elements, interpretative faculty brain.

Robert Baker
Bob Baker  was an boxer.

Michaëlle
Her Excellency Rt.

Pascal Duquenne
Pascal Duquenne is a actor.

Catherine Emmerich
Sister Anne Catherine Emmerich  was a nun.

New Year
The New Year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates end year beginning next year.

Polyethylene
Polyethylene  is armoplastic.

Polyvinyl chloride
Polyvinyl chloride, also called Polychloroethene PVC, is armoplastic.

Clarence Henry
Clarence Henry  was an heavyweight boxer.

Supreme Leader
The Supreme Leader is head state Islamic Republic.

President
The President is head government Islamic Republic.

Ruhollah Khomeini
Ayatollah Sayyed Ruhollah Mustafavi Khomeini  Khomeini was a Muslim religious leader.

Theocracy
A Theocracy is a government.

Ahmad Jannati
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati  has been secretary Council Islamic Republic since 1988.

Guardian Council
The Council is a governmental body that ensures laws passed by's legislature are Islamic.

Incumbent
An incumbent isone who currently holds a politicalfice.

Assembly Experts
Assembly Experts was created after Islamic Revolution in.

Alikini
Ayatollah Alikini  has been chairman Assembly Experts Islamic Republic since 1984.

Judiciary
In law, judiciary judicial system is system courts which administer justice in sovereign state.

Mahmoudemi Shahroudi
Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoudemi Shahroudi  has been head judiciary Islamic Republic since 1999.

Expediencyment Council
The Expediencyment Council is a governmental body for resolving disputes between Council legislature in Islamic Republic.

Mata Hari
Mata Hari was stage Margaretha Geertruida  Zelle .

Father Damien
Father Damien, also Blessed Damien Molokai, born as Joseph de Veuster in Belgium on January 3, 1840 died on April 15, 1889, was a Catholic Priest missionary.

Jack Dempsey
William Harrison "Jack" Dempsey  was an boxer who held world heavyweight title between 1919 1926.

Jess Willard
Jess Willard  was an boxer.

Nicholas II Russia
Nicholas II Russia,  was last Tsar Emperor Russia.

William Tell
William Tell  is a folk hero fromd.

Antioch
Antioch on Orontes was an ancient city on eastern side  Orontes River on site modern city Antakya, Turkey.

Pitman arm
The arm is a component that converts angular motion a sector shaft into linear motion.

Solvent
A solvent is a liquid that becomes a solution by dissolving a solid, liquid, gaseous solute.

Inert
In chemistry, term inert is that is not chemically active.

Electron shell
An electron shell isside an atom around atomic nucleus.

Wheelchair
A wheelchair is a type chair usually used by handicapped people.

Fuel oil
Fuel oil is a fraction obtained from petroleum distillation, either as a distillate a residue.

Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center
Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center is world's wind farm at 735.5MW capacity.

Andasol 1 solar power station
Andasol 1 solar power station is ae solarrmal power plant, near Guadix in Andalusia, in provinceada, sunniest regions in Spain.

Atlantic slave trade
Thetic slave trade was selling slaves bys that happened in aroundtic.

African slave trade
The slave trade was a trade in slaves,, world, has carried on for thousands years in Africa.

Pocking Solar Park iny
The Pocking Solar Park is a 10 Megawatt  solar photovoltaic plant which is among in world.

Fractional distillation
Fractional distillation is a way to separate a mixture chemical compounds so that each  mixture can be kept apart from other chemicals.

Monte Alto solar power plant
The Monte Alto photovoltaic power plant in Spain has a generating capacity 9.55 megawatts peak  will generate 14 million kilowatt-hours electricity per year.

Odor
Also known as, "a smell", an odor odour is a volatilized chemical compound, generally at a very low concentration, which humans other animals perceive by sense olfaction.

European Ash
The Ash is a tree.

Solar power in Spain
Spain is manufacturer in world solar power technology exports 80 percent thisput toy.

Sensation
It begins with a stimulus upon receptor cells a sensorygan, whichn leads to perception, mental state that is reflected in statements "I see a uniformly blue wall." A sensation that might lead to that statement could include excitation cone cells in retina.

Instant soup
Instant soups are a soup.

Perception
In psychology cognitive sciences, perception is process getting, interpreting, selecting,ganizing sensory information.

Soba
is a type thin noodle.

Carmen Basilio
Carmen Basilio  was an boxer who heldlterweight middleweight world championship.

Johnny Saxton
Johnny Saxton  was an boxer who wonlterweight championship.

Weber-Fechner law
The Weber–Fechner law is a proposed relationship between magnitude a physical stimulus intensity strength that people feel.

Logarithmic scale
A logarithmic scale is a scale measurement that uses logarithm a physical quantity instead quantity itself.

Noodle soup
Noodle soup is a soup.

Scale (ratio)
One speaks scale in context with measurement ifthing is represented proportionally bything else.

Scale (disambiguation)
Astronomy.

Scale (map)
A map floor plan has a certain scale'".

Midnight sun
Midnight sun is a phenomenon that exists north Arctic circle south Antarctic circle.

Eight Below
"Eight Below" is a 2006 Walt Disney Pictures movie.

Susilog Yudhoyono
General Susilog Yudhoyono , is an retired military general politician.

Order Garter
The Most Noble Order Garter  is ander chivalry.

HD DVD
HD DVD, also known as High-Definition DVD, is an optical disc that is able to storee amounts data, such as high-definition videos.

Bruges
Bruges  is a city in north-west Belgium.

Immortality
Immortality eternal life is ideathing which is alive that will stay alive forever.

European Union budget
The Union  has an independent parliament civil service which is distinct from 27 member states.

Wittingen
Wittingen is a town in north district Gifhorn, Lower Saxony,y.

Golden Gloves
The Golden Gloves is given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in United States.

Sonny Liston
Charles "Sonny" Liston  was an boxer.

Buckwheat
Common Buckwheat  is a plant.

Kinstons
The Kinstons are a baseball team in Kinston, North Carolina.

Columbia University
Columbia University in City New York  is a research university in United States.

Columbiange
Thege is important events in history.

Ragusa
Ragusa is capital southernmost province, with 72,808 inhabitants in city more than 310,000 in province area.

Elliott Carter
Elliott Carter  is an composer.

Dubrovnik
Dubrovnik is a city in Croatia.

Sichuan pepper
Sichuan pepper  is a a fruit a plant, that is used as a spice.

Antiparticle
Corresponding tosicle,re is an associated antiparticle with same mass opposite charges.

Hamo
Hamo, also known as Hamo Bek Nazarov  was a movie director.

Henrik
Henrik  was an film director.

Septuagint
The Septuagint  is a Ancient Greek translations Old Testamenŧ.

Katharine McPhee
Katharine Hope McPhee  is an Pop/R&B singer.

World Heavyweightip (WWE)
The World Heavyweightip is top wrestling honor for World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw brand.

Islamic calendar
The Islamic calendar (Arabic: التقويم الهجريis a calendar.

Town privileges
Town privilegesre important things.

Medieval music
Medieval music means music from Middle Ages.

Neolithic
The neolithic is youngest Stone Age.

Crotchet
A crotchet quarter note is a note whole note .

Burzum
Burzum is a black metal band from Bergen, Norway.

John Collins
John Collins  is a footballer.

Mayhem (band)
Mayhem is a black metal band from Norway.

Shrek
"Shrek" is an animated movie based upon William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book called "Shrek!".

Mom at Sixteen
"Mom at Sixteen" is a 2005 made-for-TV movie.

Danielle Panabaker
Danielle Nicole Panabaker (b.

Renaissance music
Renaissance music is music written from about year 1400 to 1600.

Kay Panabaker
Stephanie Kay Panabaker  is an actress fromge, Texas.

Haley Hudson
Haley Hudson  is an actress.

Enslaved (band)
Enslaved is a band from Haugesund, Norway;ir music has been called black metal viking metal.

Viking metal
Viking metal is a heavy metal music subgenre inspired by Norse mythology.

Musica ficta
Musica ficta is a term used in medievalce music.

Universal Studios
Universal Studios is three Universal Studiosme parks; it is located in Osaka,.

Gap year
A gap year refers to time taken between completingary school going to a university college also between college graduate school a profession.

Beam bridge
A beam bridge is a strong, horizontal structure that rests on two end supports, carries traffic by acting as a beam.

Gene Simmons
Gene Simmons  is an Israely hard rock bass guitarist singer for hard rock band Kiss.

Fox Newsnel
Fox Newsnel is an cable television news network, owned by Fox Entertainment Group .

Myocardium
Myocardium is muscular tissue heart.

Omsk
Omsk is a city in Russia.

Question mark
The question mark is a punctuation mark that is used at end a sentence when asking a question.

Kevin Federline
Kevin Earl Federline  is an entertainer, who dances, raps models as his job.

Mercyful Fate
Mercyful Fate is a heavy metal band from Denmark.

Electrical circuit
An electrical circuit is a path which electrons from a voltage current source follow.

Quiz
A quiz is a type game mind sport when players  try to answer questions correctly.

John Hancock
John Hancock  – October 8, 1793 ) was President Second Continental Congress Congress Confederation;or Massachusetts; person to sign United States Declaration Independence.

Huldrych Zwingli
Huldrych  Zwingli Ulricus Zuinglius  was leadert Reformation ind, founder Swiss Reformed Churches.

20th century classical music
20th century classical music is classical music written during last century.

Cuxhaven
Cuxhaven is a town in Lower Saxony,y.

SuperSWOT
SuperSWOT is an expanded version Albert Humphrey's SWOT Analysis.

Haifa Wehbe
Haifa Wehbe  is a female singer, actress, model, jewelry designer who is known in Arab world.

Dynamics (music)
In music, dynamics means how loud quiet music is.

Francesco Botticini
Francesco dini Botticini (ca.

Granao cheese
Granao is a hard cheese.

North Free Trade Agreement
The North Free Trade Agreement  is a trade agreement between Mexico, United States, Canada.

Language revival
Language revival is when people try to make a language that is not spoken, is spoken very little, becomes spoken moreten again.

John Travolta
John Travolta  is an actor dancer.

Objectivity (science)
Objectivity in science means that scientific measurement can be tested independent from individual scientist  who proposesm.

Roundhay Garden Scene
"Roundhay Garden Scene" is a movie made on October 14, 1888 in garden "Oakwoodge", Roundhay, Leeds, Westire,d.

Herpetology
Herpetology is branch zoology concerned with reptiles amphibians.

Alpha Kappa Alpha
Alpha Kappa Alpha is sorority founded by women.

Fraud
Fraud is a crime in whichone tricksbody else into givingmthing, especially money.

Pump
A pump is a machine which moves a liquid a gas from place to another,ten upwards.

Ioanu
Ioan Petruu  was a historian religion, culture, ideas, philosopher, political essayist, poet, mystic story writer.

Single (music)
In popular music marketing, a single is a record release with only two songs.

Captain America
Captain America is a fictional superhero from Marvel Comics.

Objectivity (journalism)
Objectivity is a significant principle journalistic professionalism.

Genesis Nomad
The Genesis Nomad is a portable video game console released by Sega Corporation.

Erlasee Solar Park
The Erlasee Solar Park is located in sunniest regionsy.

Khula
Khula is right a woman to ask her husband for a divorce tofer him a compensation in case he does so.

Hashemii
Ali Akbaremii ,emii  born on August 25, 1934, is an influential ian politician.

Evander Holyfield
Evander Holyfield  is an boxer.

Porthmadog F.C.
Porthmadog Football Club is a football team, playing in League Wales.

Sharia
"Sharia  is body Islamic law.

Wadowice
Wadowice is a town ind in mountainouse region, 30 miles  southeast Krakow - .

Piano duet
A piano duet is a piece music written for two people to play at piano.

Rice wine
Rice wine is a word people use to talk about alcoholic drinks.

Alcopop
Alcopops are alcoholic drinks.

Pedalling (music)
Pedalling in music means art using pedals on musical instruments.

Alcoholism
Alcoholism is medical condition people whoten drink too much alcohol, feel thaty have to, even when it causes health social problems.

Sprain
A sprain is a type injury in which a person hurts really bad, but it is not broken.

Second Sino War
The Second Sino War  was a major war fought between Republic China Empire, both before during World War II.

Ligament
In anatomy, term ligamently means fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones.

Powiat
A county  is-level unit administration, equivalent to a county, district prefecture in other countries.

1. FC Köln
1.

Carolina Gynning
Carolina Gynning  is a celebrity model.

Carrie Underwood
Carrie Marie Underwood  is a US pop country singer.

Nicole Richie
Nicole Camille Richie  is an socialite, actress, author, singer.

The Simple Life
"The Simple Life" is a reality television seriesiginally broadcast on Fox from 2003 to 2005 on E! from 2006 to today.

Jordin Sparks
Jordinna Sparks  is an singer.

Taylor Hicks
Taylor Reuben Hicks  is an singer, songwriter musician.

Obadler
Obadler  is a murderer who is on death row in Florida for murders a woman her two daughters.

All Saints Day
All Saints Day is celebrated by Catholics on November 1.

Ishy Bilady
"Ishy Bilady" is national anthem  seven United Arab Emirates.

Strain
Strain is a verb meaning to separate substances from liquids.

Origami
Origami is a paper folding art.

JSPWiki
JSPWiki is a feature-rich extensible WikiWiki software built around standard J2EE components .

Statement
Statements are made when remarks with critique, explainings opinion.

Polyhedron
A Polyhedron  is a geometrical shape.

Pentagon
A Pentagon is a polygon with 5 edges.

Calendar date
A Calendar date is a way to refer to a certain day in a calendar.

Persian calendar
The calendar also known as calendar Jalāli Calendar is a solar calendar.

Hexagon
A hexagon is a polygon with 6 sides 6 corners .

West Edmonton Mall
The West Edmonton Mall  is shopping center in North America.

Ayatollah Sayyid Ahmad Khatami
Ayatollah Sayyid Ahmad Khatami is a member Assembly Experts.

Tendon
A tendon  is a tough band tissue that connects muscle to bone.

Coffee substitute
"Coffee substitutes" are products that try to taste coffee.

Kuzcham Dherai
Kuzcham Dherai  is a town in North-West Frontier Province,.

Croatian language
The language is spoken mainly in Croatia throughout countries, surrounding countries Europe.

Prize
A prize is an award given to a person a group people to reward actions achievements.

Christian Church
The term Church, Catholic Church One Holy Catholic Apostolic Church, as it was called by 110 AD, refers to "universal company believers".

Religious denomination
A religious denomination  is a subgroup within a religion that has a common, tradition, identity.

Christian denomination
The word denomination is group people right across world who use same, sameganisation have same  beliefs.

List denominations
List denominations dered by historical doctrinal relationships.

List denominations by number members
This article cannot give precise information about size any denomination, but it tries - following article in Wikipedia - to give information about relative size denominations.

Christendom
Christendom, in widest sense, meansity as a territorial phenomenon.

Creed
A creed is a statement confession belief — usually religious belief — faith.

Creed (disambiguation)
A creed is a statement belief, usually religious.

Shahada
The shahadah  is Islamic creed.

Purgatory
According to teaching Catholic Church, Purgatory is "final purification elect": "All who die in God's grace friendship, but still imperfectly purified, are indeed assuredir eternal salvation; but after deathy undergo purification, so as to achieve holiness necessary to enter joy heaven." Purgatory in art culture.

William Blake
William Blake  was an poet, visionary, painter, printmaker.

Institution
An institution is social structure in which people cooperate which influences behavior people wayy live.

Race (biology)
In biology, a race is groupganisms.

Modern world
The term Times is used in history to describe period time immediately following Early Times.

Phenotype
The phenotype an individualganism describes its traits characteristics.

Key lime
The Key lime is a citrus fruit.

Age Discovery
The Age Discovery Age Exploration was a period from early century continuing into early century, during which ships traveled around world to search for new trading routesners.

Persian lime
Persian Lime , also known as Tahiti lime Bearss lime is a citrus fruit.

Kaffir lime
The Kaffir lime , also known as kieffer lime, makrut, magrood, is a citrus fruit native to Indonesia.

Medina
Medina IPA:/mɛˈdiːnə/  is a city in Hejaz regionstern Saudi Arabia.

Doctrine
Doctrine  is a code beliefs "a body teachings".

Citron
The citron  is a species citrus fruit.

Citric acid
Citric acid is aakganic acid.

Geber
Abu Musa Jabir ibn  (c.

Carl Wilhelm Scheele
Carl Wilhelm Scheele  a pharmaceutical chemist, born in Stralsund,ia,y , was discoverer many chemical substances, notably discovering oxygen before Joseph Priestley chlorine before Humphry Davy.

Micheline Calmy-Rey
Micheline Calmy-Rey  is a Swiss politician.

Mystery Ink
Mystery Ink is a show thatiganally aired in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, for 2004.

Criss Angel Mindfreak
Criss Angel Mindfreak is an television program.

Piano trio
A piano trio is a group three instruments including a piano.

Franz Grillparzer
Franz Grillparzer  was an dramatist poet.

Johann Georg Albrechtsberger
Johann Georg Albrechtsberger  was an composer,ganist, musicorist music teacher.

Fidelio
"Fidelio" is an opera in two acts by Ludwig van Beethoven.

Für Elise
"Für Elise"  is popular title "Bagatelle in A minor", for piano by Ludwig van Beethoven.

Teplice
Teplice  is a town in Bohemia,stern area Czech Republic.

Symphony No. 9 (Beethoven)
Symphony no 9 in d minor op 125  by Ludwig van Beethoven is famous pieces music ever written.

Shatin Pui Ying College
Shatin Pui Ying College is aary school.

Heuristic
In Computer science, a heuristic is a algorithm.

Mersenne prime
In mathematics, a Mersenne number is a number that is than a "power two".

Solar radiation
Solar radiation is energy givenf by sun in all directions.

Insolation
Insolation is solar radiation that reaches earth's surface.

The Settlers II
"The Settlers II" is a real-time strategy  computer video game.

Hugo Chávez
Hugo Rafael Chávez Frías   is current president Venezuela.

Granule
Granule is a generic term grain.

Granule (cell biology)
In cell biology, a granule can be any structure barely visible by light microscopy.

Cytosol
The cytosol (cf.

Joan Jett
Joan Jett  is an singer is known for her number single "I Love Rock n Roll".

Marble
Marble is a metamorphic rock that developed from limestone.

Fan fiction
Fan fiction fanfiction  is a for fiction created by fans insteadiginal author.

Three Laws Robotics
The Three Laws Robotics are three rules, written by Isaac Asimov.

Electromagnetic wave
An electromagnetic wave is a wave in space with electric magnetic components.

Grenade
Hand-held grenades.

Nathuram Godse
Nathuram Vinayak Godse  , born at Baramati, Pune District, India was man who assassinated Mahatma Gandhi.

Cradle Filth
Cradle Filth is a metal band fromd.

Doronpa
Doronpa, born Makoto Sakurai, is a activist, writer internet blogger from Fukuoka province.

George Adamski
George Adamski  was a-born who became known in ufology circles after he said he photographed ships from other planets, met with aliens, took flights withm.

Efficiency
The term efficiency means that a person machine do work without spending too much resources, that means energy, material, capital labour.

Mangaryu
"Mangaryu"  is a manga book wheres are described as ugly stupid.

Donkey Kong
Donkey Kong is is a Nintendo video game character.

Sharino
Sharino is a manga artist.

Categorical imperative
The categorical imperative is an idea thatuel Kant had about ethics.

Multiculturalism
Multiculturalism is a word that describes a society where many different cultures live together.

Comfort women
Comfort women are women who served Imperial Army as sex slaves during World War II.

Glycolysis
Glycolysis is archetype all metabolic processes known.

Archetype
In psychology, an archetype is a model a person, personality, behavior.

Prototype
A prototype is aniginal type,, instance thing serving as a typical example, basis, epitome, standard for other things same category.

Microdon
Flies in genus  "Microdon" are different from other flies becausey are myrmecophiles, which meansy live in ant nests.

Pattern
A pattern is an idea, a concept a model.

Bean
Bean is several plants.

Luxembourg franc
The Luxembourgc was type currency used in Luxembourg from 1848 to 1999.

Belgian franc
The franc was a type money.

Paradised
Paradised is an island in Bahamas.

Eddie Izzard
Eddie Izzard  is a actor stand-up comedian.

Emulator
Emulators are things that make computer behave a different, so that it can use same programs do same things.

ReactOS
ReactOS is a project to develop an operating system that is compatible with software for Microsoft Windows 2000 its successors.

MenuetOS
MenuetOS  is an operating system for architecture computers for x86 x86_64 processors, by Ville Mikaelmaa.

SkyOS
SkyOS is a privately owned operating system currently in production.

Jodie Foster
Jodie Foster  is an actress.

President French Republic
The President French Republic is head statece.

Orthodoxy
The word "orthodoxy", from Greek "ortho"  "doxa" , is typically to correct worship correctological doctrinal religion.

Corn Pops
Corn Pops is a breakfast cereal made by Kellogg's.

Końskowola
Końskowola is a village ind.

Erich Maria Remarque
Erich Maria Remarque  was pseudonym Erich Paul Remark, a author.

Bellinzona
Bellinzona  is capital Swiss Canton Ticino.

J. R. Richard
James Rodney "J.

Conrad Lant
Conrad "Cronos" Lant is vocalist bass player in black metal band Venom.

County Wicklow
County Wicklow  is a county on east coastd.

Lusaka
Lusaka is capital Zambia.

Shield
A shield is to any object force.

Kite shield
A kite shield is a Middle Age shield in shape a kite.

Gerbilling
Monowheel.

Socialist Party (France)
The Socialist Party  is politicalies ince.

Anomie
Anomie means a condition when a person has no  standards values.

Fog
Fog is a time very thick mist.

Frost
Frost ised when water vapor freezes onto a surface.

1983tic hurricane season
The 1983tic hurricane season was least activetic hurricane season ever recorded.

Alexandra Fyodorovna
Alexandra Fyodorovna   was Empress consort Nicholas II, last Tsar Empire.

Richard Gere
Richardy Gere  is an actor.

Rikishi
Rikishi  is a word a professional sumo wrestler.

Thorax
The thorax is middle three main body sections an insect crustacean.

Edda
Edda plural Eddas Eddur, including "Poetic Edda"  "Prose Edda" , are two collections stories about Viking deities.

Njord
Njord is a god in Norse mythology.

Freyr
Freyr , in Norse mythology is a god prosperity fertility.

Folkvang
Folkvang, in Norse mythology, is goddess Freyja's place.

Sessrumnir
Sessrumnir, in Norse mythology, is goddess Freyja's hall.

Spinach
Spinach is a green, leafy vegetable.

Arta Prefecture
Arta Prefecture is 51 prefectures Greece.

Cardiomyopathy
The word cardiomyopathy means "heart muscle disease".

Normlessness
Normlessness is when norms are very poor below a standard.

Norm
One common understanding norm is:thing that is regarded as normal typical.

Fire salamander
The Fireder  is probablyll-known salamander species in Europe.

Clamp
A clamp is a device things tightly together to prevent movement separation objects.

Miamisburg, Ohio
Miamisburg is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Salamandridae
The familydridae is a family amphibians.

Legalism
Legalism was four main philosophies in history during Warring States period.

Gold Coast Art Centre
The Gold Coast Art Centre is a place in Gold Coast, ind, Australia.

Reynoldsburg, Ohio
Reynoldsburg is a city in Fairfield,klin, Licking counties in U.S.

Sekhmet
In mythology, Sekhmet was goddess fire, war, plague.

Heterodoxy
Heterodoxy means a position that is not within standardsthodoxy to put it precisely "any opinions doctrines at variance with anficialthodox position".

Isotherm
Isotherms are lines drawn around places with same temperature range on isotherm maps.

Endogenic
Endogenic  is a geological term.

Plate boundary
See also.

Hourglass Dolphin
The Hourglass Dolphin is wide dolphins.

Barberry
Barberry is a type shrub, usually with spines yellow flowers red blackish berries.It is.

Giant salamander
The Hellbenderstders  are aquatic amphibians.

Manfred von Richthofen
Manfred von Richthofen , nicknamed "Red Baron", was a pilot in World War I.

Fokker Dr.I
The Fokker Dr.I was a World War I fighter airplane designed by Reinhold Platz built by Fokker-Flugzeugwerke.

Butch
Elmer Earl "Butch" IV  is an animator, creator "The Fairly OddParents" "Dannytom".

Modes limited transposition
Modes limited transposition are a musical scale.

Olivier Messiaen
Olivier Messiaen  was a French composerganist.

Simplified
Simplified is two commonly useds writing languages.

Traditional
Traditional is two commonly useds writing languages.

Windows Server 2008
Windows Server 2008 is current server operating system from Microsoft, previous version which was Windows Server 2003.

Windows Server 2003
Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft.

Perry
Perry pear cider is an alcoholic drink that is made from pear juice.

Plate tectonics
Plate tectonics) is aory geology.

Lithosphere
The lithosphere is solid shell a rocky planet called earth.

New Jersey Devils
The New Jersey Devils are an ice hockey that is NHL.

Nashville Predators
Theville Predators are a professional ice hockey team based inville, Tennessee.

Crookes
Crookes is an area City Sheffield,d, about 2.5 kilometers st center city.

Dallas Stars
The Dallas Stars are a professional ice hockey team based in Dallas, Texas.

Pharmaconomist
Pharmaconomist means expert in pharmaceuticals .

Broomhill
Broomhill which includes areas Sheffield Broomhill, Crookesmoor, Endcliffe, Tapton, is 28 wards in City Sheffield, in countryd.

Owen Hargreaves
Owen Lee Hargreaves is a-born football player.

Asthenosphere
The asthenosphere is earth's mantle.

Carlo Airoldi
Carlo Airoldi  was an marathon runner, famous for walking to 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

Joseph Priestley
Joseph Priestley  was an chemist, philosopher, clergyman, teacher.

Vince McMahon
Vincent Kennedy McMahon, better known as Vince McMahon Mr.

Ogden
Ogden  was a famous poet.

1986tic hurricane season
The 1986tic hurricane seasonficially started on June 1, 1983, ended on November 30.

Abidjan
Abidjan is city capital Côte d'Ivoire.

Accra
Accra is capital citya.

Rainstorm
Rainstorm is a sudden heavy fall rain.

Césarck
Césarck , was a French composer,ganist music teacherigin who lived ince.

Addis Ababa
Addis Ababa  is capital city Ethiopia.

Home directory
In Computing, a home directory is a special directory .

Navruz
Navruz is a holiday celebrated early spring 21-22 March in many other countries in Central Asia including,Pakistan,.

Mantle (geology)
Earth's mantle is 2,900 km thick rocky shell making up about 70% Earth's volume.

Robert Burns
Robert Burns  -  was a famous poet born in Alloway,ire,d.

Book club
A book club is a club where people regularly meet to discuss a book thaty have read talk aboutir opinions,s, dislikes characters plot.

Video Relay Service
VRS stands for Video Relay Service.

Directory (file system)
When talking about file systems, a directory  is a way toganize computer files.

Florida Panthers
The Florida Panthers are an ice hockey team that plays in NHL.

Carolinaes
The Carolinaes are an ice hockey team that plays in NHL.

Dakar
Dakar is capital city Senegal.

IRCAM
IRCAM stands for "Institut de Recherche et Coordination Acoustique/Musique" .

Yaoundé
Yaoundé is capital city Republic Cameroon.

Asmara
Asmara is capital city Eritrea.

Bamako
Bamako is capital city Mali.

Lomé
Lomé is capital city Togo.

2002tic hurricane season
The 2002tic hurricane season was a yearly event tropical cyclonesing intic.

Wireless Markup Language
Wireless Markup Language  is a programming language devices.

Maseru
Maseru  is capital city Lesotho.

Fandom
Fandom  Fanbase is a group people  who are interested inthing.

New Yorkders
The New Yorkders are an ice hockey team that plays in NHL.

Phoenix Coyotes
The Phoenix Coyotes are an ice hockey team that plays in NHL.

Buffalo Sabres
The Buffalo Sabres are an ice hockey team that plays in National Hockey League.

Columbus Blue Jackets
The Columbus Blue Jackets are an ice hockey team that plays in NHL.

Atlantaers
Thetaers are an NHL ice hockey team.

Rachael Ray
Rachael Ray  is an Emmy-award winning television personality author.

Sophora
Sophora is a genus about 45 species trees shrubs in subfamily "Faboideae" pea family "Fabaceae".

Cyanobacteria
Blue-green algae is a bacterial taxon, scientifically known asobacteria κυανός .

Teletypewriter
Teletypewriter  is a tool to allows a deaf hard hearing invidiual make a phone call.

Of Montreal
Of Montreal is an indie pop banded in Athens, Georgia, fronted by Kevin Barnes.

Alcalá de Henares
Alcalá de Henares is a city in Community Madrid, Spain.It is thirty kilometres from Madrid,and it has a population around 200,000.

Alpine Newt
The Alpine Newt  is an amphibian.

Differential equation
A differential equation is a mathematical equation for an unknown function several variables which relates values function itself its derivatives variousders.

Windhoek
Windhoek  is capital city Namibia.

Boiling tube
A boiling tube is ae tube made glass, which is used in laboratory to strongly heat substances.

1982tic hurricane season
The 1982tic hurricane season was a yearly event tropical cyclones intic.

Ouagadougou
Ouagadougou is capital Burkina Faso.

Venetian language
The language  is ace language.

Yamoussoukro
Yamoussoukro isficial capital city Côte d'Ivoire .

Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein is three capital cites South Africa.

Jack Black
Jack Black (born Thomas J.

Dough
Dough is a paste made flour by mixing it with a amount water.

Muffin
A muffin is a bread- cake-like baked food.

English muffin
An muffin " muffin)" is a round, flat bread made from a dough with yeast enriched with butter milk.

Cornbread
Cornbread Johnny cake is a for any number "quick breads"- bread leavened chemically instead by yeast- containing cornmeal.

Cupcake
A cupcake  is a cake made to serve person, usually made in a paper cup container.

Curry
Curry  is word for any a general variety spiced dishes,-known in,i, Sri,,,i, Thai, other South Southeast cuisines, though curry has been other cuisines.

Shore
A shore shoreline is fringe land at edge ae body water, such as an ocean, sea, lake.

Stick
A stick is a long, slender piece wood, usually a branch from a tree without leaves.

Bleach (manga)
is an ongoing manga series authored by mangaka Tite Kubo.

Whyalla
Whyalla is a city located on Eyre Peninsula, on shore Spencers Gulf, South Australia.

Ron Paul
Ronald Ernest Paul  is a from state Texas.

Djibouti (city)
The city Djibouti is capital city Republic Djibouti.

Jamestown, Saint Helena
Jamestown is a harbour capital island Saint Helena.

Markus Näslund
Markus Näslund  is a ice hockey player in NHL.

Pier Gerlofs Donia
Pier Gerlofs Donia, 1480 - 1520.

Desiderius Erasmus
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus   was a Dutch humanist,ologian philosopher.

Elfstedentocht
The Elfstedentocht'", Dutch for "Eleven cities tour" is a race people on ice skates; an ice skating tour 200 kilometers.

Sneek
Sneek  is a city ind.

Huelva
Huelva is a city in Andalusia, Spain capital province Huelva.

Richard Dawkins
Clinton Richard Dawkins  is a writer a teacher at University Oxford.

Stalactite
A stalactite is a that can be found on ceiling a cave.

Slayer (disambiguation)
A slayer isone who kills animals people.

Ranma ½
Ranma ½ is an anime which was based on a manga made by Rumikoi.

Engagement
Marriage.

Type species
A type species fixes a genus in zoology botany.

Enrique Gaspar y Rimbau
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau  was a diplomat writer.

Laksa
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from culture.

Scarface (1983 movie)
"Scarface" is an action movie made in 1983.

Contract killing
Contract killing is murder where a person group is paid  to killone else.

Ecstasy
Ecstasy , is an illegal drug.

Saffir-Simpsone Scale
The Saffir-Simpsone Scale is a scale categorizing mainly Hemisphere tropical cyclones that go beyond strength "tropical depressions" "tropical storms", thus become hurricanes.

Eastern Catholic churches
The Catholic Churches are autonomous churches.

Sanjaya Malakar
Sanjaya Malakar  is an singer who gained attention from appearing on reality show "American Idol".

Pangolin
Pangolins  are mammals which live in Africa Asia.

Antananarivo
Antananarivo is capital city Madagascar.

Alex (parrot)
Alex was an grey parrot.

Lobamba
Lobamba is legislative capitald.

Bobbyley
Franklin Robertoley  is an professional wrestler.

Newry
Newry  is a city ind.

Shizuka Arakawa
Shizuka Arakawa  is a figure skater from.

Mamoudzou
Mamoudzou is capital French overseas collectivity Mayotte.

Moroni, Comoros
Moroni  is capital Comoros.

Porto-Novo
Porto-Novo  is capital West country Benin.

Praia
Praia is capital island nation Cape Verde.

Coptic Catholic Church
The Coptic Catholic Church is church in full communion with Pope.

Roberto Luongo
Roberto Luongo  is a hockey goaltender in National Hockey League .

Robert De Niro
Robert De Niro  is an movie actor.

Internet Archive
Theet Archive  is a non-profitganization that has an on-line library archive Web multimedia resources.

Archive
An archive is a collection records.

Confirmation (christianity)
Inity, a baby might be baptised whenyre young.

My-Otome
"My-Otome"  is an anime made by Sunrise Inc..

Difference
Difference can mean more than thing.

Praise
To praise means to say thatthing is very becauseone has done a moral act, in a high way.

Osprey
An Osprey is a type fish-eating bird.

Thought
Thoughts are messages sent from brain for living creatures to know how to act without failure.

Dauria (movie)
"Dauria" is an 1971 historical action/drama directed by Viktor Tregubovich.

Petr Shelokhonov
Petr  Shelokhonov (August 15, 1929 in Belarus - September 15 1999, St.

Hurricane Vince (2005)
Hurricane Vince was strangest hurricanes ever to intic.

Conakry
Conakry Konakry is capital city Guinea.

Cotonou
Cotonou is economy capital Benin.

Dodoma
Dodoma is capital cityia.

N'Djamena
N'Djamena is capital Chad.

San Jose Sharks
The San Jose Sharks are an ice hockey team that plays in National Hockey League.

Bujumbura
Bujumbura is capital city Burundi.

Stem (music)
Stems can refer to two things in music, relating to music notation production.

Corn flakes
Corn flakes are a breakfast cereal normally served with milk.

Frosted Flakes
Frosted Flakes  Frosties  is a cereal Corn Flakes from Kellogg's, but coated with frosted sugar.

Aqua Teen Hunger Force
"Aqua Teen Hunger Force" is an comedy television series that is shown on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim.

Cowley, Wyoming
Cowley is a town in state Wyoming.

Big Horn County, Wyoming
Big Horn County is a county in Wyoming.

Fort Bragg, California
Fort Bragg is a town in California's Mendocino County.

Mendocino County, California
Mendocino County is a county in California.

Brigham Young University
Brigham Young University  is an university which isd after LDS prophet, Brigham Young.

Provo, Utah
Provo is an city in state Utah.

Lil' Kim
Kimberly Denise Jones, better known as Lil' Kim,  is a rap artist.

Lehi
Lehi is prophet listed in Book Mormon.

Saint-Denis, Réunion
Saint-Denis is administrative capital  French controlled island Réunion, in.

Chen Shui-bian
Chen Shui-bian   is President.

The Suite Life Zack & Cody
"The Suite Life Zack & Cody" is a television series on Disneynel.

São Tomé
São Tomé is capital city São Tomé Príncipe.

Everglades
The Everglades is a swamp in southern Florida near city Miami.

Lost (TV series)
"Lost" is an television series that follows lives plane crash survivors on a tropical island,where in South Pacific.

Western United States
The United States—commonly West simply The West—traditionally refers tosternmost states United States.

Monacod Prix
The Monacod Prix  is a Formula One race held each year on Circuit de Monaco.

Bangui
Bangui is capital city Central Republic.

ITV
Independent Television  is a public service network commercial television broadcasters, set up under Independent Television Authority  to provide competition to BBC.

Secularism
Secularism, also called Secularitytimes Laicity  is ideathing being not religious not church.

Jeremie Aliadiere
Jeremie Aliadiere  is a French football player who is currently with Arsenal but is set to move to Middlesbrough.

Walgreens
Walgreens is a pharmacy chain throughout North America.

Cascadeic Arc
The Cascadeic Arc  is a major range volcanoes in southwestern Columbia,ington, Oregon in northern California.

Satoru Iwata
Satoru Iwata  is a businessman.

Pocket lint
Pocket lint is lint found in bottom pockets.

Subtropical Storm Andrea (2007)
Subtropical Storm Andrea wasd storm subtropical cyclone 2007tic hurricane season.

Force field
A force field is a field energy that usually blocksthing.

Shaman
A shaman is a medicine man who practices shamanism.

Plasma window
A Plasma window is a field plasma that fills an area space.

Bari
Bari  is a city in southern Italy.

Plautus
Titus Macchius Plautus wrote plays in Ancient Rome.

Mount Edziza
Mount Edziza, located 38 km southeast Telegraph Creek, Columbia, Canada, is a potentially active volcanic complex in Stikineic Belt.

Omar Khayyám
Ghiyās al-Dīn Abu al-Fath Omār ibn Ibrāhīm Khayyāmābūrī  Omar Khayyam (b.

Bobby Robson
Sir Bobby Robson  is a football manager.

Deomyinae
The subfamily Deomyinae consists four genera mouse-like rodents.

Spiny mouse
Image:Acomys.cahirinus.cahirinus.6871.jpg|thumb|Spiny mouse at Leipzig Zoo The term spiny mouse refers to any species rodent within genus "Acomys".

Underworld
The underworld is a term used in many religions mythologies to refer to place where people believedy would go aftery died, whereir souls would go to aftery died.

Anglicanism
Anglicanism is term, religious belief, faith, system, practice principles Churchd other churches.

Theots
Theots is a heavy metal band from Norway.

Pocket gopher
The pocket gophers are burrowing rodents family Geomyidae.

Geomyoidea
Geomyoidea is a superfamily rodent that contains pocket gophers , kangaroo rats mice ,ir fossil relatives.

Heteromyidae
The family rodents that include kangaroo rats, kangaroo mice rock pocket mice is Heteromyidae family.

Kangaroo mouse
Both species kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems.

Silky pocket mouse
"Perognathus" is a genus pocket mouse.

Pocket mouse
"Chaetodipus" is a genus pocket mouse.

Zarbon
Zarbon  is a character in "Dragonball Z".

Dodoria
Dodoria  is a character in "Dragonball Z".

Frieza
Frieza  is a fictional character in "Dragon Ball Z".

Myrmecophile
A myrmecophile is an animal that lives with ants.

Argemone
An argemone prickly poppy is a plant.

Grist
Grist is grain that has been separated from its chaff is ready for grinding.

Banjul
Banjul  is capital city The Gambia.

Medieval Latin
Medieval Latin was Latin used in Middle Ages.

Armen
Armen (rus.

Krematorij
Krematorij  is a rock band.

Kristopher Schau
Kristopher Hugh Martin Schau  is a musician, TV host, comedian song writer.

Ole Petter Andreassen
Ole Petter Andreassen  is an musician producer.

InterCityExpress
The ICE , is a category high speed trains, which are operated by Deutsche Bahn  since 1991.

Honeydew
Honeydew is a liquid sugar that aphids scale insects make wheny eat plant sap.

Ecclesiastical Latin
The term "Ecclesiastical Latin"  means Latin language that is used in documents Catholic Church in its Latin liturgies.

Mate (drink)
Mate  is a drink.

Bear (disambiguation)
Bears are a groupe mammals.

Yerba mate
Yerba mate*, "Ilex paraguariensis", is a species holly  native to subtropical South America.

Guarana
Guaranaá , "Paullinia cupana" (syn.

Engrish
Engrish is a word that is about types language with grammar mistakes inm.

Sacred cow
In religion Hinduism, animal called a "cow" is thought to be sacred, very holy.

Murti
In Hinduism, a murti  usually means an image in which Divine Spirit is expressed .

Virtual memory
Most computers contain Memory.

Bolshoi Theatre
Theoi Theatre  is aatre opera company in Moscow, Russia, which gives performances ballet opera.

Guild
A Guild is an association craftspeople.

Delara Darabi
Delara Darabi   is a girl, who was at age 17 is facing execution by public hanging.

Freestyle football
Freestyle football is a man sport in which you kick a football.

Croydon
Croydon is a place in south London,d is London Borough Croydon.

Addington
Addington is a village in London Borough Croydon in south London.

Flag India
The modern Flag The Republic India has three colours are placed horizontally.

Coat Arms India
The coat arms a country is a symbol that country uses for itself.

Spanish Wikipedia
The Wikipedia  is a-language edition Wikipedia.

Crystal Palace
Crystal Palace is a place site a landmark in London,d.

Al-Askari mosque
Al-`Askarī `Askariyya Mosque/Shrine  is a Shī`a Muslim holy site.

Hathor
Hathor was an goddess.

Santorini
Santorini is a Greek island.

Samarra
Sāmarrā  is a town in Iraq.

Holy See
The Holy See  isficeop Rome — Pope.

Tigris
The Tigris is a river in Middle East.

Tawaret
Tawaret was a goddess in ancient mythology.

Seshat
Seshat was ancient idea knowledge, shown as a goddess.

Apep
Apep  in mythology was an evil demon.

Ville Valo
Ville Valo  is a singer songwriter.

Prefix notation
Prefix notation is a mathematical notation.

Nephthys
Nephthys was an ancient goddessten considered "the Mistress House".

Anuket
Anuket was ancient goddess Nile river in areastined, at start Nile's journey through Egypt, in nearbys Nubia.

Proto-Indo language
The Proto-Indo language  is hypothetical common language that was spoken before Indo languages developed.

Ptah
Ptah was ancient god craftsmen architects.

Kurt Waldheim
Kurt Josef Waldheim  was an diplomat conservative politician.

Mop
A mop is a tool.

Pan (mythology)
Pan was ancient Greek god pastures.

Hypothesis
A hypothesis isthing that can explain a event.

Observation
Observation is an activity an intelligent living being (e.g.

East Sutton
East Sutton is a parish  about 6 miles South East Maidstone in Kent,d.

City town halls
A city hall town hall is headquarters a city town's administration usually houses city town council, its associated departmentsir employees.

Spectrometer
A spectrometer is an optical instrument properties light over a specific portion electromagnetic spectrum.

Province Carolina
The Province Carolina was a colony in North America from 1663 to 1729.

Adenosine diphosphate
Adenosine diphosphate  is chemical that plants make ATP from, during photosynthesis.

Tefnut
Tefnut was ancient goddess water fertility.

Sobek
Sobek was ancient god Nile.

Lucky Town
"Lucky Town" is a music album by Bruce Springsteen.

Juli
Juli is a rock/pop band from Gießen, Hesse.

Member
A member is a person who belongs to a group people.

Dar es Salaam
Dar es Salaam  is city inia.

Nationale Center
The U.S.

Gaborone
Gaborone is capital citya.

Libreville
Libreville is capital city Gabon.

Brahmaputra
The Brahmaputra is main rivers in Asia.

Lilongwe
Lilongwe is capital city country Malawi.

Shu (god)
In mythology, Shu was god air.

Malabo
Malabo is capital city Equatorial Guinea.

Multimedia
Multimedia (Lat.

Shield volcano
A shield volcano is ae volcano with shallowly-sloping sides.

Caldera
A caldera is a volcanic featureed by collapse land following a volcanic eruption.

Addiscombe
Addiscombe is a town in London Borough Croydon,d.

South Norwood
South Norwood is a town in London Borough Croydon,d.

Software bug
A software bug is a problem with code in a computer program which makes it not work properly.

Telephone tapping
Telephone tapping wire tapping/wiretapping is whenbody listens to another person's telephone calls.

Bug (rivers)
The Bug Bug are rivers which flow throughd Ukraine.

Sara Paxton
Sara Paxton  is an actress singer.

Lipstick
Lipstick is a type cosmetic used on lips, to either glossm colorm.

Lip gloss
Lip gloss is a type cosmetic lips.

Mbabane
Mbabane is capital city countryd.

Pentecostalism
Pentecostalism is a movement withingelicality that places special emphasis on direct personal experience God through baptism Holy Spirit , as shown in Biblical account Day Pentecost.

Pentecost
Pentecost  is an important feast in liturgical year, celebrated fiftieth day after Easter Sunday , Historically symbolically festival Shavuot, it commemorates descent Holy Spirit upon Apostles other followers Jesus as described in Acts Apostles, Chapter 2.

Niamey
Niamey is capital city country Niger.

Basic spelling
In compliance withse phonemic principles, Basic explicates vowel alternations in stressed syllablesiginating in Great Vowel Shift Early,fering a wider international perspective that transcends Chomsky’s defense traditionalthography.

Wadjet
In mythology, Wadjet was goddess childbirth children.

Buto
Buto Butos Butosos, was later, Greek for an ancient city 95 km eastdria in Nile Delta Egypt.

Roman Phonetic Alphabet for
The Phonetic Alphabet for is a system based on Extended Basic spelling, augmented with two pairs stress marks inder to disambiguate words that share same spelling but have different meanings, ensure a-to-one phoneme-grapheme correspondence.

Scribe
A scribe is an ancient occupation.

Ascension
Ascension means - following doctrine - that Jesus bodily in presence his apostles, forty days following his resurrection.

Need for Speed
Need for Speed is a series computer video games.

Jeanne Calment
Jeanne Louise Calment  was a French supercentenarian who, at age 122 years 164 days, was verified oldest person ever.

François Truffaut
François Truffaut  was a French movie director, very popular in 1960s for such noted movies as The 400 Blows, Jules Jim, The Wild Child others.

Leif Ericson
Leif Ericson(c.

Thomas More
Sir Thomas More Saint Thomas More , was an writer, lawyer, statesman.

Juan Perón
Juan Domingo Perón  was an Argentine general politician.

Kashrut
Kashrut  is Jews give to laws about food thaty may eat.

Cartagena de Indias
Cartagena , also known as Cartagena de Indias , is ae city seaport on northern coast Colombia.It is capital Bolívar Department.

Greta Garbo
Greta Garbo  was a actress.

Anita Ekberg
Anita Ekberg  is a actress.

Worldip Wrestling
Worldip Wrestling  was a professional wrestling company thatnt business in 2001 when it was purchased by wasn World Wrestling Federation  ) it's owner Vince McMahon.

The Prince Bel-Air
"The Prince Bel-Air" was a popular television series.

Nation Domination
The Nation Domination  was a professional wrestling stable  in World Wrestling Federation .

Potomac River
The Potomac River is a river in eastern United States.

Greenbrier County, West Virginia
Greenbrier County is a county in West Virginia, a state in United States.

Emperor Go-Sanjō
Emperor Go-Sanjō  was emperor.

Emperor Jimmu
Emperor Jimmu  was a legendary figure in history.

Posthumous
A posthumous is an honorary given toone afterir death.

You Can't Do That on Television
"You Can't Do That on Television"  is a children's television program.

Medellín
Medellín  id capital city in Area Medellín Antioquia Department, Colombia.

Nouakchott
Nouakchott  is capital city n countyia.

Nicholas Myra
Nicholas Myra, also known as Nicholas Bari, is commonop Myra.

Home Box Office
HBO  is an cable television network.

The Electricy
"The Electricy" was an educational children's television series.

Model (person)
A model is a person who has job posing, displaying works art fashion , usually for promotion product.

Jacques Rougeau
Jacques Rougeau  is a French professional wrestler.

Ezzard Charles
Ezzard Mack Charles  was an professional boxer.

Religion Ancient Egypt
The Religion ancient Egypt had followers for over three thousand years, until people.

Kyle Broflovski
}Kyle Broflovski is a character in animated television series "South Park".

Eric
}Eric Theodore is a character in animated television series "South Park".

...And Justice For All
"...And Justice For All" is Metallica's album was released on August 25, 1988.

Panzer Division
Panzerdivision is a death metal band from Oslo, Norway.

Armenian Apostolic Church
The Apostolic Church , also called Orthodox Church Church, is world's oldest national church ancient communities.

National church
The term national church is usually a reference to a churchganization inity that claims pastoral jurisdiction over a nation.

List football clubs in Armenia
This is a list football  clubs.

FC Zvartnots
FC Zvartnots is an football club from.

Armenian Premier League
The Premier League is top football competition in Armenia.

Football Federation Armenia
The Football Federation Armenia  is governing body football in Armenia.

Orhan Pamuk
Ferit Pamuk  a famous Nobel Prize-winning author.

Urartu
Urartu  was an ancient kingdom Armenia located in mountainous plateau between Asia Minor, Mesopotamia, Caucasus mountains, later known asd, it centered around Lake Van .

Lake Van
Lake Van (Turkish: Van Gölü;; is lake in Turkey, in far east country.

Kurdish language
The language is a languagely spoken in a region called, including populations ins, Iraq, Syria Turkey.

Italian cuisine
Italian Cuisine is traditional food.

Annual plant
Iny, an annual plant is a plant that usually germinates, flowers dies in year.

Pea
A pea, although treated as a vegetable in cooking, is botanically a fruit; term is commonly spherical seeds pods legume "Pisum sativum".

Biennial plant
A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its lifecycle.

The WB Television Network
The Warner Bros.

Port Louis
Port Louis is capital city n country Mauritius.

Freetown
Freetown is capital city country Sierra Leone.

Michelle Obama
Michelle Obama  is Vice President for Communityal Affairs for University Chicago Hospitals.

Fame (musical)
"Fame – The Musical"  is a musical which was created developed by David De Silva.

Prime Minister
The is a position given to a person who is chosen by Emperor is head Cabinet.

Emperor Suizei
Emperor Suizei was emperor.

Emperor Annei
Emperor Annei was emperor.

Emperor Itoku
Emperor Itoku was emperor.

Coptic Orthodox Churchdria
The Coptic Orthodox Churchdria is for main church in Egypt.

Pretoria
Pretoria is three capital cities country South Africa.

Reza Alinejad
Reza Alinejad , born September 21, 1985, is an at risk execution for accidentally killing a man in self-defense when he was 17 years old.

Bigotry
Aot is a person who is intolerant opinions, lifestyles, identities that differ from his her own.

Bukkake
Bukkake is when multiple people ejaculate withir penises on a person's face body at same time.

Melleruds IF
Melleruds IF is a football club.

Lisaelli
Lisaelli  is an comedian.

Detroit Tigers
The Detroit Tigers are a Major League Baseball team in Detroit,.

Oscilloscope
An oscilloscope  is a piece electronic test equipment that allows signal voltages to be viewed.

Girl Scout cookie
Girl Scout cookies are cookies that Girl Scouts sell.

Nancy Drew
Nancy Drew is a fictional character.

Arthur Abraham
Arthur Abraham  is a professional boxer current IBF middleweight champion.

International Boxing Federation
Theational Boxing Federation, "IBF", is manyganizations which sanction world championship boxing bouts, alongside WBA, WBC, WBO, a dozen so others.

Vic
Vic  is IBF flyweight champion.

Atenism
Atenism was earliest monotheistic religions.

Religion in ancient Armenia
The early religions in Armenia are not thatll known.

Steak
Steak  is a slicef a piece meat, usually beef.

Jet engine
A jet engine is any engine that creates force by releasing a high speed jet a liquid a gas.

Dawn Fraser
Dawn Fraser AO, MBE  is an champion swimmer.

NBC News
NBC News is news division television network NBC.

CBS News
CBS News is news division television network CBS.

The Masters Tournament
The Masters Tournament is four major championships in men's professional golf four to be played each year.

NFL Europa
The NFL Europa is an football league.

Listet slang words
When typing onet text messaging, users will write in slanghand.

Ennead
The Ennead was grouping nine deities,ten appearing in mythology.

Heliopolis (ancient)
Heliopolis was oldest cities Egypt.

Akhenaten
Akhenaten  was a pharaoh Eighteenth dynasty Egypt.

Bartonella rochalimae
"Bartonella rochalimae" is a recently discovered strain Gram-negative bacteria.

Tipi
A tipi  is a tent.

Karen Carpenter
Karen Carpenter  was an singer drummer who was popular in 70s.

Lukegelist
Lukegelist is said to be man who wrote Gospel Luke Acts Apostles in New Testament Bible.

Walid Eido
Walid Eido   was a man who, a government building in Beirut.

Toyama Prefecture
Toyama Prefecture  is in Chūbu, meaning centre, region onū island,.

Haredi
Haredi is denominations it istimes 'Ultra-Orthodox', because it is very strict on all torah's commandments.

Fouad Siniora
Fouad Siniora  is Prime Ministeron.

Hassan Nasrallah
Hassan Nasrallah   is leader Islamisty inon called Hezbollah.

Sidon
Sidon, Saida , is city inon.

Chisel
A chisel is a toolten used with a hammer to shape surfaces.

Oak Park, Illinois
Oak Park, Illinois is a suburb Chicago.

Ring Lardner
Ringgold Wilmer Lardner  was an sports columnist story writer known for his satirical takes on sports world, marriage,atre.

Björk
Björk Guðmundsdóttir  was born on November 21, 1965 in Reykjavík,d.

List years
This page indexes individual years pages.

List centuries
These pages contain trends millennia centuries.

Volumetric flask
A volumetric flask  is a type laboratory glassware.

Florence flask
A Florence flask  is a type flask.

Motion Picture Association America
The Motion Picture Association America ,iginally called Motion Picture Producers Distributors Association America, is a non-profit group based in United States.

Long Beach, California
Long Beach is a city located in southern Los Angeles County, California, USA, on Pacific coast.

São Carlos
São Carlos is a city in state São Paulo.

51st state
51st state, is a humorous term in politics that refers to  a land, which is not a USA, but is thought to be States, becoming state.

Mogadishu
Mogadishu  is capital city country Somalia.

J. League Division 1
J.

Philippine Revolution
The Philippine Revolution  was an armed conflict between colonial regime.

Victoria, Seychelles
Victoria  is capital city Republic Seychelles.

Roe
Roe is ripe eggs fish certain marine animals, for example sea urchins, shrimp scallop.

Television licence
The television licence  is a tax that people pay to watch television.

Nicosia
Nicosia, also known as Lefkosia  is capital city island country Cyprus.

Gob
Gob are a punk band from Burnaby, Columbia.

Auckland Grammar School
Auckland Grammar School is a public school ind Newd.

Virginia Beach, Virginia
Virginia Beach is an city in Commonwealth Virginia.

Rose Tattoo
Rose Tattoo is a hard rock band from Sydney, Australia.

Patriots' Day
Patriots' Day  is a legal holiday in Massachusetts.

Woodside, London
Woodside is a town in London Borough Croydon,d.

Sofia
Sofia is capital city Republic Bulgaria.

Burette
A burette is a vertical tube-like instrument, separate known amounts liquids in laboratories.

Maghen Abraham Synagogue
The Maghen Abraham Synagogue  is oldest synagogue inon.

Georg Danzer
Georgz Danzer  was an musician.

Bentheuphausia amblyops
"Bentheuphausia amblyops" is a species krill.

Grosse Ileip,
Grosse Ileip is a town in Wayne County in U.S.

Malacostraca
The Malacostraca  are subgroup crustaceans.

Decapod
The decapods Decapoda are ander crustaceans within class Malacostraca.

Rafik Hariri
Rafik Baha ad-Din Hariri ,  was a billionaire a businessman.

Antenna (biology)
Antennae  are paired appendages segments arthropods.

Josef Dietrich
Josef "Sepp" Dietrich  was a Waffen-SSficer, closest men to Adolf Hitler.

Freeview (Newd)
Freeview is free television service in Newd, It is sent to people's home using a digital signal by either over air by satellite.

Burqa
A Burqa is a piece clothing.

Motion Picture Association America film rating system
The Motion Picture Association America film rating system is a system used by MPAA.

Theic Verses
"Theic Verses" is a novel bydie.

Satanic verses
Satanic verses is a given to a number verses Qur'an.

National Democrats (Sweden)
National Democrats  is a minor politicaly in Sweden.

Broad Green
Broad Green is a area with a lot houses at centre West Croydon in London Borough Croydon,d.

West Croydon
West Croydon is a town on edge Central Croydon inside London Borough Croydon.

Kanji
Kanji is threes writing.

Chris Moyles
Chris Moyles is presenter a breakfast radio show on BBC Radio 1.

Libretto
A libretto is text  which are set to music to make an opera.

Hmong people
The words Hmong Mong refer to an ethnic group.

Toplessness
Toplessness  is usually, who do notar any clothing above waist.

Westminster Cathedral
Westminster Cathedral in London,d, is a Catholic cathedral.

Cachoeira do Sul
Cachoeira do Sul is a city state Riode do Sul.

Median
In probabilityory statistics, median is a number.

Mode (statistics)
In statistics, Mode is a number.

S.S.C. Napoli
S.S.C.

At War With
At War With is album by black metal band Venom.

Antichrist
In beliefs, Antichrist Anti-christ  is a person an image a person that is implies evil.

Baker
A baker isbody who makes mainly bread.

Statistical hypothesis test
A statistical hypothesis test is a statistical method a question based on data.

Luxembourg City
Luxembourg City is capital city Luxembourg.

TV Tokyo
TV Tokyo is a television station in Tokyo,.

Drawer
A drawer is a piece furniture for storage.

Chest drawers
A chest drawers  is a piece furniture.

Puzzle
A puzzle is a problem to make user think.

Srinivasa
Srinivasa Iyengar  was an mathematician.

On-Line Encyclopedia Integer Sequences
The On-Line Encyclopedia Integer Sequences , also known ase's, is ane searchable database.

Ramanujan prime
In mathematics, a prime is a prime number that satisfies a result proven by Srinivasa.

Prime counting function
In mathematics, prime counting function is function counting number prime numbers than equal to real number "x".

Bertrand's postulate
Bertrand's postulate states that if "n" > 3 is an integer,nre always exists at least prime number "p" with "n" < "p" < 2"n" − 2.

Paul Erdős
Paul Erdős, also Pál Erdős, in Paul Erdos Paul Erdös , was a famous-born mathematician.

Erdős number
The Erdős number  honors mathematician Paul Erdős.

John Morrison
John Randall , better known as John Morrison, is an professional wrestler.

Candice Michelle
Candice Michelle-Ehrlich  is an professional wrestler, actress, model.

Star David
The Star David  is a symbol.

Mount Takao
Takao is a city in Tokyo.

Belz Beis HaGadol
The Belz Beis HaGadol  is synagogue in Jerusalem.

Samson (band)
Samson was a heavy metal band between 1977 2002.

Thornton Heath
Thornton Heath is a town located in London Borough Croydon, south London.

Stamford Bridge (stadium)
Stamford Bridge is homeip club Chelsea F.C..

Freeganism
A is a person who does not to pay for things, but does not steal either.

British Board Film Classification
The Board Film Classification isganisation responsible for movie video game classification in United Kingdom.

Electrology
Electrology is an electrical process to remove human hair so that it does not grow back.

Film rating systems
Each country has its own film rating system to help parents determine which moviesir children can watch.

Eve Ensler
Eve Ensler  is a playwright feminist activist.

Roger Pearson
Roger Pearson  is a anthropologist.

Colorado Springs, Colorado
Colorado Springs is a city in Colorado, United States.

Janice Raymond
Janice G.

Energy efficiency
Energy efficiency,times called efficient energy use, is using energy to provide same level energy service.

Tulsa, Oklahoma
Tulsa, Oklahoma is city in Oklahoma, United States with a population 387,807 people.

Anchorage, Alaska
Anchorage, Alaska is city in Alaska, United States.

Boundary Peak
Boundary Peak is a mountain, , in southwestern U.S.

Skopje
Skopje is city in country Republic Macedonia.

Norwegian Dawn
The Dawn is a cruise ship that began sailing in 2002 is currently in operation with Cruise Line.

Lea Fastow
Lea Weingarten Fastow  is wife Enron executive felon Andrew Fastow, is Enron executive to go to prison after Enron collapsed due to fraud in December 2001.

Lawrence Higby
Lawrence M.

Endorsement test
The endorsement test was proposed by Sandra Day O'Connor, a member United States Supreme Court.

Terry Rakolta
Terry Rakolta  is an homemaker activist who led an boycott against Fox Broadcastingy sitcom "Married...

Snake River
The Snake River is a river in province Columbia U.S.

Mount Hood
Mount Hood is a mountain in U.S.

Crater Lake
Crater Lake is a caldera lake in U.S.

Driftwood
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto shore a sea, river, lake by winds, tides, waves man.

List United States cities by population
This is a list cities in United States that have populations.

What Not to Wear
"What Not to Wear" is a makeover reality show that is aired on BBC.

Public figure
A public figure is a legal term applied in context defamation actions  asll as invasion privacy.

Elm
Elms are deciduous semi-deciduous trees, found throughout Hemisphere from Siberia to Indonesia, Mexico to.

Governor Massachusetts
Just other 49 states, Massachusetts has its own governor.

Produce
Produce means fruits vegetables.

Highway
Highway is a word roads made for travel by public between important places, such as cities, towns landmarks.

Beverly Cleary
Beverly Cleary  is author over 30 books for young adults children.

London, Ontario
London, Ontario is ae city exactly halfway between Detroit, Toronto, Ontario.

Amy Winehouse
Amy Jade Winehouse  is an soul R&B singer songwriter.

Canuck
"Canuck" is a slang term for people.

Charles Kirk Clarke
Charles Kirk Clarke (c.

Theationale
"Theationale"  is a highlyll known French socialist, communist, anarchist song.

Hartley, Kent
Hartley is a village in Kent,d.

Stephanie McMahon
Stephanie Marie McMahon-Levesque , better known asie McMahon, is "Executive Vice President Talent Creative Writing" for World Wrestling Entertainment .

Cienfuegos
"This article is about city Cienfuegos in Cuba.

Gribble
A gribble is any about 56 species marine isopod from family Limnoriidae.

Veronica
Veronica is a Latin for females.

Tuatara
Tuatara are reptiles.

Dinosaur Jr
Dinosaur Jr is an rock band.

Band Aid (band)
Band Aid was a charity supergroup.

Hüsker Dü
Hüsker Dü was an hardcore punk later alternative rock band from 1980s.

Deir el Qamar Synagogue
The Deir el Qamar Synagogue is a synagogue in Deir el Qamar,on; it is oldest synagogue in Mounton.

Interstate 75
Interstate 75  is an interstate highway in midwest southeastern United States that runs north south.

Kumho Tire Co. v. Carmichael
"Kumho Tire Co.

Deodorant
Deodorant is anything that takes away an odor, bad smell.

Silesia
Common.

Josh Holloway
Josh Holloway  is an actor known for his role as James "Sawyer" Ford on ABC's Emmy award-winning show "Lost".

Levon
Levon,  is an movie director known for his documentaries "The Muses", "Paruyr Sevag", "Hovhannes Shiraz", "Mashtoc", "My Komitas", "And There Was Light", "Ascript for Independence", many more.

Manuel Fraga Iribarne
Manuel Fraga Iribarne  was a politician.

Galicia (Spain)
Galicia Galiza is a nationality in Spain that became a autonomous community in 1978.

Bilirubin
Bilirubin is a product that comes from breakdown hemoglobin.

Nelly Furtado
Nelly Furtado  is a singer.

Anna Jurkiewicz
Anna Jurkiewicz  is a figure skater.

Exmoor
Exmoor is a national park ind.

Barnstaple
Barnstaple is a town in Devon, a county ind.

Bideford
Bideford is a town in Devon, a county ind.

Tiverton
Tiverton is a town in Devon, a countyd.

Torbay
Torbay is a Unitary authority ind.

Beyond (album)
"Beyond" is recent album by alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr.

Mitt Romney
Willard Mitt Romney  isor Massachusetts.

Laboratory glassware
Laboratory glassware refers to different instruments which are usually made glass, experiments in chemistry biology laboratories.

Volta (album)
"Volta" is a 2007 album by Björk.

Mulatto
Mulatto  is a word referring to a person who is born to Black parent  parent.

Water polo
Water polo is a sport played in water with a ball.

Fishstick
Fishsticks fish fingers are a type food probably invented in United Kingdom.

Nelly
Cornell Haynes Jr  is an rapper.

Boy band
A boy band is a type musical group with three more young male singers.

Solo (music)
In music, a solo is a song a section a song that is performed by person.

T.I.
Clifford Joseph Harris Jr.

Antarctic krill
Antarctic krill  is a species krill that lives in Antarctic waters.

Cubic metre
The cubic metre  is SI unit volume.

Food Agricultureization
The Food Agricultureization United Nations  is a specialized agency United Nations that leads international efforts to defeat hunger.

Colorimeter
Colorimeter is a device.

Valletta
Valletta is capital city Malta.

Basketball Bundesliga
The Basketball Bundesliga  is highest level basketball competition iny.

Butterfield, Missouri
Butterfield, Missouri is a village in Missouri, United States.

Andorra la Vella
Andorra la Vella is capital city principality Andorra.

Woodland
Biologically, a woodland is an area with trees that is not a forest.

Limburg (Netherlands)
Limburg is southern provinceds.

Mount Cayley
Mount Cayley, located 11 km southeast Lake 24st Whistler, Columbia, Canada.

Limburg
Provinces.

Limburg (Belgium)
Limburg is a province Belgium.

Limbourg
Limburg  is a medieval city in province Liège.

Limburg an der Lahn
Limburg an der Lahn  is a town capital "Kreis" Limburg-Weilburg inst Hesse.

Illusion
An illusion is a distortion how things seem to be.

Charcoal
Charcoal is a carbon-containing substance made from wood, naturally black powdery.

Brose Baskets
Brose Baskets Bamberg  is a basketball club in Bamberg,y.

Armenian Revolutionary Federation
The Revolutionary Federation   is an politicaly founded in Tiflis  in 1890 by Christapor,, Simon.

Christapor
Christapor  also known by his "noms de guerre" Hellen , Topal , Edward ,  was three founders Revolutionary Federation along Simon, also national liberation movement.

Varazdat
Varasdates Varazdat  was an prince who succeeded his uncle King Papes as King Armenia in 374.

Adana massacre
Thea massacre happened ina Province, in Empire, in April 1909.

Adana
Adana   is capitala Province in Turkey.

Parsley Massacre
In October 1937, dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molinadered execution population living within borderlands with Haiti.

L'Internationale
Theationale .

Heat pump
A heat pump is a machine that moves heat from place to another.

Second lawrmodynamics
The lawrmodynamics means that entropy increases.

Air conditioner
An air conditioner is a system, machine that extracts heat from an area using a refrigeration cycle.

Branch (disambiguation)
A branch is a a tree.

First lawrmodynamics
The lawrmodynamics says that heat transfer is a energy transfer that energy does not vanish .

Conservation energy
In physics, conservation energy means that total amount energy in an isolated system remains constant, although it may changes, e.g.

Differences between butterflies moths
The Lepidoptera areten split into two groups, butterflies moths.

Monophyletic
Biologists have introduced a taxonomy.

Lepidoptera
Theder Lepidoptera isder in class Insecta.

Diurnal
Animals that are active during day are called diurnal.

Skipper (butterfly)
The Skippers are a group insects inder Lepidoptera, classified in superfamily Hesperioidea, which includes only family, Hesperiidae.

Energy conservation
Energy conservation means to reduce quantity energy that is purposes.

Cogeneration
Cogeneration  is use a heat engine a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity heat.

Quakenbrück
Quakenbrück is a town in Lower Saxony.

Dew point
The dew point is temperature where water vapour condenses into liquid water.

Podgorica
Podgorica is capital Montenegro.

Región Autónoma del Atlántico Sur
The Región Autónoma del Atlántico Sur is an autonomous region Nicaragua.

Región Autónoma del Atlántico Norte
Región Autónoma del Atlántico Norte is an autonomous region Nicaragua.

Gas compressor
A gas compressor is a mechanical device that increases pressure a gas by reducing its volume.

Cash
Cash is a liquid currency, such as banknotes coins.

Hemer
Hemer is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Heat engine
A heat engine is a physicaloretical device that convertsrmal energy to mechanicalput.

Thermodynamic cycle
Armodynamic cycle is a seriesrmodynamic processes which returns a system to its initial state.

Christoph Metzelder
Christoph Metzelder  is a footballer.

Thermodynamic system
Inrmodynamics, armodynamic system,iginally called a "working substance", is defined as that universe that is under consideration.

Piston
In general, a piston is a lubricated sliding shaft that fits tightly inside opening a cylinder.

Pinyin
Pinyin is a type transliteration for language, a tonal language, where accents are tones.

Horror
Horror is another word for scary.

Susianna
Susianna "Susi"  is a woman boxer fromy.

Banknote
A banknote  is a paper by which a bank promises to pay to bearer on demand.

Common cold
A common cold is a viral infectious disease.

Qajar dynasty
The Qajar dynasty , - دودمان قاجار - "Qâjâr") was a ruling Turkic dynasty from 1781 to 1925.

Zenwalk Linux
Zenwalk , Zenwalk Linux, is a Linux distribution started by-Philippe Guillemin.

Thermal energy
Inrmal physics,rmal energy is type energy that has a system that increases with its temperature.

Heat transfer
Inrmal physics, heat transfer is passagermal energy from a hot to a cold body.

Thermodynamic equilibrium
Inrmodynamics, armodynamic system is said to be inrmodynamic equilibrium when it is inrmal equilibrium, mechanical equilibrium, chemical equilibrium.

Thermodynamic potential
where "T" = temperature, "S" = entropy, "p" = pressure, "V" = volume.

Thermal efficiency
Thermal efficiency  is a dimensionless performance measure armal device such as an internal combustion engine, a boiler, a furnace, for example.

Mechanical work
In physics, mechanical work is amount energy transferred by a force.

Thermodynamic state
Armodynamic state is macroscopic condition armodynamic system as described by itsicularrmodynamic parameters.

Thermal physics
Thermal physics is combined studyrmodynamics, statistical mechanics, kineticory.

Statistical mechanics
Statistical mechanics is application probabilityory, which includes mathematical tools for dealing withe populations, to field mechanics, which is concerned with motionicles objects when force.

Kineticory
Kineticory "kineticory gases" attempts to explain macroscopic properties gases, such as pressure, temperature, volume, by consideringir molecular composition motion.

Frik
Frik was an poet who lived in centuries, at time control over Armenia.

Yeghishe Charents
Yeghishe Charents   was an poet killed in Stalin's purges.

Kars
Kars  is a city in northeast Turkey is capital Kars Province, before at head a sanjak in vilayet Erzurum.

Kars Province
Kars is a province  Turkey, located in northeastern country.

Manny
Manvel  is a mixed martial artist with a history in judo.

Mickey Mouse Club
The Mickey Mouse Club was an variety television series that begun in 1955 ended in 1996.

Fanta
Fanta is a yellow lemonade.

Parameter
In non-technical contexts in jargon, "parameter" may simply be a synonym for criterion.

Agavaceae
Agavaceae is a family plants.

Succulent plant
Succulent plants are plants that have dry climates.

Oriental Orthodox Church
The term "Oriental Orthodoxy" means group Churches that accept only three ecumenical councils — First Council Nicaea, First Counciltinople Council Ephesus — do not accept dogmatic definitions Council Chalcedon.

Lu Xun
Lu Xun  was a general in Wu during Three Kingdoms period in ancient China.

List Jupiter's moons
The planet Jupiter has 63 moons.

List Saturn's moons
This is a list planet Saturn's 60 moons.

Vande Mataram
The Vande Mataram is national song India.

Listus's moons
This is a listus's 27 moons.

List Neptune's moons
Neptune has a total 13 moons.

King (chess)
The king is a chess piece in game chess.

Work (thermodynamics)
Inrmodynamics, work is quantity energy transferred from system to another without an accompanying transfer entropy.

Internal energy
Inrmodynamics, internal energy armodynamic system, a body withll-defined boundaries, denoted by "U",times "E", is total kinetic energy due to motion molecules  potential energy associated with vibrational electric energy atoms within molecules crystals.

Physical law
A physical law, scientific law, a law nature is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations physical behavior.

Pipe (material)
Pipe is a tube hollow cylinder for transport fluid.

Cameron Diaz
Cameron Michelle Diaz  is an actress fashion model.

Bacon number
The Bacon number an actor actress is number degrees separation y have from actor Kevin Bacon, as defined by game known as Six Degrees Kevin Bacon.

Zanzibar
Zanzibar is for an archipelago in 25–50 kmf coast East Africa, numerous islands twoes: Unguja , Pembad.

Enya
Enya  is an singer.

10 Downing Street
10 Downing Street is address London residencefice Prime Minister United Kingdom.

Armenian illuminated manuscript
Armenian illuminated manuscripts make a different tradition, Medieval art, but also totine tradition.

Alcatrazd
Alcatrazd .

Illuminated manuscript
An illuminated manuscript is a manuscript where text is supplemented by addition decoration, decorated initials, borders miniature illustrations.

Manuscript
A manuscript is any document that is written by hand, as not to being printed made in other way.

Matenadaran
Mesroptots' Institute Ancient Manuscripts in, Armenia, is richest depositories manuscripts books in world.

Blue Mosque,
The Blue Mosque  is a mosque in, Armenia.

Pueblo
Pueblo are a group Natives that live in southwestern United States.

San Marino City
San Marino is capital tiny nation San Marino.

Fort Worth, Texas
Fort Worth is city in Texas in United States America.

Akdamard
Akdamard  is a island in Lake Van in Anatolia region Turkey.

Gandzasar monastery
The Gandzasar monastery  is an monastery in Nagorno-Karabakh, in Mardakert region, near village Vank.

Deportation
Deportation, means removalone from a country.

Vahe
Vahe was a legendary king Armenia .

Rhadamistus
Rhadamistus  was an prince who reigned in Armenia from 51 to 53 54 to 55 CE.

Construction
In project architecture civil engineering, construction is building assembly any infrastructure on a site sites.

Infrastructure
Infrastructure is generally a set structural elements that provide framework supporting an entire structure.

Ceremony
A ceremony is a activity preformed at a special time.

Kirk
Kerkor "Kirk"  is an billionaire, president/CEO Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.

Phylogenetics
Phylogenetics this is study how differentganisms evolved.

Chemical property
A chemical property is a property, quality way that an object is.

Bass drum
A bass drum is a type musical instrument called a drum.

Drum kit
A drum kit  is a collection drums, cymbals, other percussion instruments that is used by a drummer in a musical group.

Drum stick
A drum stick drumstick is a wooden stick that is percussion instruments to make sound.

Khachkar
A Khachkar Khatchkar  is a carved memorial stone found in Armenia.

Back Dorm Boys
Back Dorm Boys  are two boys have made a spoof music video Backstreet Boys' song "As Long As You Love Me".

Nattō
Natto is a traditional food in.

Kichijōji
is a neighborhood in cityino in Tokyo,.

Udon
Udon is a type thick wheat-based noodle popular in cuisine.

Hachioji
Hachioji is a city southwest Tokyo,.

Nerima
Nerima is 23 zones Tokyo.

Suginami
Suginami is a ward in Tokyo,, which has an area 34.02km² with 534,673 people living in Suginami.

Higashi-Nagasaki Station
Higashi-Nagasaki Station is railway station Seibu-Ikebukuro line inima Ward, Tokyo,.

Sagamihara
Sagamihara  is a city in.

Aomori
Aomori is a city in.

HM Land Registry
Land Registry Her Majesty's Land Registry is a governmentfice which started in 1862.

Yamuna
The Yamuna is a major river in North India.

Ahmedabad
Ahmedabad is a city in West India.

Dachau
Dachau is a city in southy, about north-west Munich.

Chordophone
A chordophone is any musical instrument which produces sound commonly by vibrating a string strings stretched between two points.

Will Ferrell
Will Ferrell  is an actor comedian.

Tritium
Tritium is an isotope hydrogen, lightest element.

Wood fiber
Wood fibres are usually cellulosic that are removed from trees, straw, bamboo, cotton seed, hemp, sugar cane other sources.

Christianology
Christianology is reasoned commentary concerning faith.

Professional wrestling
Professional wrestling  is a sport.

2nd century BC
The century BC started day 200 BC ended last day 101 BC.

Monaco-Ville
Monaco-Ville isiginal fortified town Monaco.

Fortified town
A defensive wall is a fortification a city settlement from potential aggressors.

Hıdırlık Tower
Hıdırlık Tower is a landmark tower tawny stone in Antalya, Turkey, where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park.

Albuquerque, New Mexico
Albuquerque  is city in state New Mexico, United States.

Mesa, Arizona
Mesa is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Area.

Tucson, Arizona
Tucson is seat Pima county, United States, located 118 miles  southeast Phoenix 60 miles  north border.

Arlington, Texas
Arlington is a city int County, Texas, United States.

Tarrant County, Texas
Tarrant County is a county located in U.S.

Spectrophotometer
Spectrophotometry is quantitative study electromagnetic spectra.

Russian Orthodox Church
The Orthodox Church Moscow Patriarchate ares who are united under Patriarch Moscow, who in turn is in communion with other patriarchs primates Orthodox Church.

Form
"Form" (Lat.

Martiros
Martiros  was a-born painter.

Library Congress
The Library Congress is "de facto" national library United States research arm United States Congress.

Forest, Ontario
Forest, Ontario is a town in Lambton County, Ontario, Canada.

Soul music
Soul music is a music that mixes rhythm blues gospel music.

Garni
Garni  is a village in province Kotayk', situated approx.

Iranian women
Iranian women  are women from traditional modern culture.

Irredentism
Irredentism is many positions annexation land by another state on grounds common ethnicity/or historical possession, actual alleged.

Greater Armenia (political concept)
Greater Armenia United Armenia is an irredentist political goal aimed at uniting all territories perceived as "historically ethnically" to Republic Armenia.

Fume hood
A fume hood fume cupboard is ae piece scientific equipment common to chemistry laboratories a person's exposure to hazardous fumes.

Ghevont
Father Ghevont   was andained Catholic priest, historian a poet.

Armenian Catholic Church
The Catholic Church is an Catholic church "sui juris" within Catholic Church.

Armin T. Wegner
Armin T.

Assyrian people
Assyrians are an ethnic group whoseigins remain in is today Iraq,, Turkey Syria, but who have gone to Caucasus, North America Europe during past century.

Uncertainty principle
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle means that it is impossible to have aicle that has an arbitrarilyll-defined position momentum at same time.

Assyria
In Middle Bronze Age Assyria was a region on Upper Tigris river,d for itsiginal capital, ancient city Assur.

Forum
One type forum, is an online community on internet that usersicipate in  recreation).

Yuri Andropov
Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov  was a Soviet politician General Secretary CPSU from November 12, 1982 until his death just fifteen months later.

Van, Turkey
Van  is a city in eastern Turkey seat Van Province, is on eastern shore Lake Van.

Van Province
Van is a province in eastern Turkey, between Lake Van border.

Armenian-Tatar massacres
The-Tatar massacres is when both people committed massacres on each other.

Urartian language
Urartian is for language spoken by people ancient kingdom Urartu in Northeast Anatolia , in region Lake Van.

Yamaha Corporation
Yamaha is a company that makes different products, including musical instruments such as keyboards.

Grease (movie)
Grease is a 1978 musical movie based on high-schoolers Rizzo, Kenickie, Danny, Frenchy Sandy high school relationships.

Eastern Time Zone (North America)
Thedard Time Zone  is time zone for eastern Americas including United States, Canadas South America.

Moises Arias
Moises Arias (b.

Armenian Legion
The Legion Armenische Legion was given to Battalion which was a foreign unit comprised several thousand men.

Garegin Njdeh
Garegin Njdeh  was an statesman, military, political thinker.

Wehrmacht
Wehrmacht was unified armed forces Naziy from 1935 to 1945.

Drastamat
General Drastamat  was an politician, revolutionary, general.

Jack White
Jack White  is an singer, guitarist, composer actor.

Meg White
Meg White was born on December 10, 1974 in Grosse Pointe Farms,.

Adriatic Sea
The Adriatic Sea is a body water is a Sea.

Australian time zones
Mainland Australia has threeficial time zones.

Human sacrifice
Human sacrifice is act killing a human being as anfering to a deity other, normally supernatural, power.

Tomomi Kahala
Tomomi Kahala,times spelled Kahara  is a female singer.

Observer effect
The observer effect, observer bias, means several things in different situations, althoughre are similarities.

Cantonip,
Canton, is a township in Wayne County in U.S.

Probabilityory
Probabilityory is branch mathematics concerned with analysis random phenomena.

The Raven
"The Raven" is a narrative poem by writer Edgar Poe, published in January 1845.

Maya civilization
The Maya civilization is a civilization.

Mesoamerican chronology
Looking at history pre Mesoamerica can see rather different periods between humans early Colonial period  in end.

Beck Hansen
Beck Hansen   is an singer, musician, multi-instrumentalist.

Prime
The Prime is meridian  that goes through Royal Greenwich Observatory in London it is also known asational Greenwich.

Retirement
Retirement is when people stop working.

Trdat Architect
Trdat Architect (c.

Byzantium
Byzantium  was an ancient Greek city.

Coat Arms Armenia
The national coat arms Armenia consists an eagle a lion supporting a shield.

Arsacid Dynasty Armenia
The Arsacid Dynasty  ruled Kingdom Armenia from 54 to 428.

Hakob
Hakob  was an artist.

Alexander
Alexander  was an neoclassical architect, who is remembered today for his work in city.

Ani
"This article is about city in Turkey.

Armenian SSR
The SSR  Soviet Socialist Republic Armenia came into being when Communist Party Armenia proclaimed control Armenia on November 29, 1920.

Extinct language
An extinct language is a language which no longer has any native speakers - opposite a language.

Armenian
An is an whose ancestry stems, either whollyly, from Armenia.

Thomas
Sir Thomas   was an sea explorer.

Martin
Martin was settlers in Jamestown Colony in Virginia.

William
William   was an author who wrote many plays stories about growing up impoverished as son immigrants.

Raphael Lemkin
Raphael Lemkin  was a lawyer descent.

Vakıflı
Vakıflı Köyü  is only ethnic village in Turkey.

Spanish colonization Americas
The colonization Americas began with arrival in America Christopher Columbus  in 1492.

Conquistador
A Conquistador  was a soldier, explorer adventurer.

Shushanik
Shushanik   was an poet.

Gyumri
Gyumri  is capital city Shirak province in northwest Armenia.

Arminianism
Arminianism is a school soteriological thought intology founded by Dutchologian Jacobus Arminius.

Ruben Sevak
Sevak Ruben Ruben Sevak  was an poet a prose-writer, a doctor.

National Gallery Armenia
National Gallery Armenia located at, Armenia.

Armeniangelical Church
Thegelical Church  was established on July 1, 1846 by thirty-seven men three women intinople.

Armenian alphabet
The alphabet is an alphabet that has been language since century.

Orontid Dynasty
The Orontid Dynasty  was dynasty.

Armeniand
Thed  isd constitutes continuation Caucasus mountains, also referred as eastern Armenia.

Armenian Quarter
The Quarter is four quarters Old City Jerusalem.

Paulo César Fonseca do Nascimento
Paulo César Fonseca do Nascimento  is a soccer player  who is playing for Borussia Dortmund.He came in 2006 from gremio Porto Alegre, after he haf won Copa Libertadores.

Lina Hahne
Lina Hahne  was crowned Miss Sweden on June 26.

Miss Universe
Miss Universe is an international beauty contest.

Frank Thomas
Frank Thomas  is an Major League Baseball player.

Northwest
Northwest northst is direction halfway between North West on a compass.

Southeast
Southeast south east is direction halfway between south east.

Silvia Night
Silvia Night is a fictional  character played by Eva Augusta fromd.

Donald Trump
Donald Trump  is a business man Americasalthy persons.

Northeast
Northeast north east is direction halfway between north east.

Mona Sahlin
Mona Ingeborg Sahlin  is new leader for Social Democratic Party after Göran Persson's 10 years as leader.

Swedish Social Democratic Party
The Social Democratic Party is Swedens politicaly.

Olof Palme
Olof Palme   was a politician.

Elena Paparizou
Elena Helena Paparizou  in Örgryte, Sweden, is a Greek singer model who won Eurovision Song Contest in 2005 for Greece.

Miss World
Miss World is a international beauty pageant that started in 1951.

Gregory Illuminator
Saint Gregory Illuminator Saint Gregory Enlightener (Armenian: Գրիգոր Լուսաւորիչ translit.

Bow Wow
Shad Gregory Moss, better known as Bow Wowly Lil' Bow Wow  is an rapper, actor, music producer.

John Cage
John Milton Cage, Jr.

4'33"
"4'33" is a musical composition written by avant-garde  musician John Cage.

F/A-18 Hornet
The F/A-18 Hornet  is a fighter jet that is made by Boeing, wasiginally manufactured by McDonnell-Douglasy.

F-15 Eagle
The F-15 Eagle is a fighter jet thatiginally made by McDonnell-Douglas .

James Clark Ross
Sir James Clark Ross , was a navalficer explorer.

Hrant Dink
Hrant Dink   was a editor, journalist columnist.

Agos
"Agos"  is anekly newspaper published in Turkey, established 5 April, 1996.

St Kilda Football Club
St Kilda Football Club  is an Rules Football club who play in Football League.

Ingvar Carlsson
Ingvar Carlsson , Sweden), is a politician, Prime Minister Sweden  leader Social Democratic Party .

Shilpa Shetty
Shilpa Shetty   in Mangalore is a four-time Filmfare Award-nominated film actress model.

Thirdy (politics)
In any two-party system politics, ay is ay other than two mains.

Paula DeAnda
Paula DeAnda  is an singer.

Rihanna
Rihanna  is a singer.

Fribourg (canton)
Fribourg is twenty-six cantonsd.

Fribourg
Fribourg can mean two areas ind .

Compass rose
A compass rose is a figure that displays cardinal directions: north, south, eastst.

Cardinal direction
Cardinal directions cardinal points are four main directions points compass: north, east, southst.

Social Democratic Party
The Social Democratic Party has been used by manyies in various countries around world.

Hunk
Hunk is a slang term for a man, usually musculous, considered handsome by a female.

Knight (chess)
A knight  is a piece in game chess.

Queen (chess)
The queen in chess is tall piece which stands next to king in beginning game.

Dennis Menace
Dennis Menace is two different comic strips, which both debuted in 1951.

Taner Akçam
Altuğ Taner Akçam  is a historian, sociologist author.

International Date Line
Theational Date Line , also known as just Date Line, is an imaginary line on surface Earth, going from north to south in Pacific.

Boredom
Boredom is an state mind, shown by lack interest in is around you.

Circle latitude
On Earth, a circle latitude is an imaginary east-west circle that connects all locations with a given latitude.

J-Pop
J-Pop is popular music.

List J-pop artists
A list pop musicians bands.

Ara Darzi
Ara Darzi  is a doctor.

Puffy AmiYumi
Puffy AmiYumi was more popular J-pop groups 1990s.

Mikaima
is a singer, model, actress.

Yui (singer)
YUI, is a musician.

Zard
Zard was a J-pop music group.

Wyolica
Wyolica is a two person band from.

Crystal Kay
Crystal Kay Williams  is a J-Pop singer.

Speed (band)
SPEED is a music group.

Glay
Glay is a rock band.

Aiko (singer)
Aiko  is a singer.

Ringo Shiina
Ringo Shiina  is a singer guitarist.

GO!GO!7188
GO!GO!7188 is a band from with three members.

Porno Graffitti
Porno Graffitti is a J-Pop band.

Yuki Isoya
Yuki Isoya is a singer.

Mr. Children
"Mr.

3B LAB.*
3B LAB.* is popular bands in.

Ellegarden
Ellegarden is a banded in 1998 by four young men.

Def Tech
Def Tech is a group.

Ai Otsuka
Ai Otsuka  is a pop female singer-songwriter pianist from Osaka, Osaka Prefecture,.

Remioromen
Remioromen are a three-man band from that started in 2000.

Ayaka
Ayaka Iida  is a female singer signed song writer.

Kyu Sakamoto
Hisasi Osima, better known as Kyu Sakamoto  was a singer actor.

Orange Range
is a rock band from Okinawa Prefecture Music.

Bump Chicken
Bump Chicken is a rock music group.

Kumi Koda
is a pop singer from Kyoto who started in 2000 with "Take Back".

Zeebra
Zeebra  is a famous hip hop artist, who is known as rapper in.

Dreams Come True
Dreams Come True is a J-Pop music group.

Every Little Thing (band)
Every Little Thing is a rock band.

KAT-TUN
KAT-TUN not only sings dances, but also acts.

BoA
Boa Kwon  is a South singer.

Namie Amuro
Namie Amuro  is a singer born September 20, 1977 in Naha City, Okinawa was top J-Pop star 1990s, with a long string number-one hits.

Saturn (mythology)
Saturn  was a god agriculture harvest.

Comanche
Comanche peoples are Natives who lived in an area called "Comancheria", which was where New Mexico, Colorado, Kansas, all Oklahoma Texas are today.

Cuvette
A cuvette is a laboratory glassware, usually a tube circular square cross shape, closed at end open at other, made plastic, glass, optical grade quartz made to hold samples for spectroscopic experiments.

John Abbot
John Abbot  was an Catholic priest poet.

Lemuel Abbott
Lemuel Abbott (c.

Thomas Eastoe Abbott
Thomas Eastoe Abbott  was an poet, born in East Dereham, Norfolk.

Division labour
In ancient history, a division labour  was when people in a city stopped growing crops took other jobs.

Euphrates
The Euphrates isstern two rivers that define borders Mesopotamia .

JC Chasez
JC Chasez , is an singer, songwriter, actor, producer, known as lead vocalists in pop group *NSYNC.

Ricky Martin
Enrique Martín Morales , is a Grammy Award Latin Grammy Award-winning Puerto pop singer.

Fiefdom
In feudalism, a fiefdom  was a piece land that a lord gave a vassal in exchange for loyalty protection from enemies.

Nicky Hilton
Nicholai "Nicky" Olivia Hilton  is an fashion model, socialite, fashion designer.

Disappearance Madeleinen
Madeleinen  disappeared on evening Thursday, 3 May 2007 from a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz in Algarve, Portugal.

Linda Rosing
Linda Rosing  is a model was aicipant in 2003 edition "Big Brother" in Sweden.

Linda Bengtzing
Linda Bengtzing  is a singer television host.

Melodifestivalen
Melodifestivalen translated as  is an annual music competitionganised by Sveriges Television  Sveriges Radio  to determine Sweden's representative song performer at Eurovision Song Contest.

Katie Price
Katie Price aka  is a glamour model, writer singer.

Nikki Grahame
Nicola Rachele-Beth Grahame  from Watford,ire rose to fame in UK when she was chosen to be a housemate on "Big Brother 7" in 2006.

Venus Williams
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  is a World No.

Serena Williams
Serena Jameka Williams,  is an World No.

Miki Ando
Miki Ando   is a figure skater from.

Kelly Ripa
Kelly Maria Ripa  is an Daytime Emmy Award winning actress talk show host.

Faith Ford
Faith Alexis Ford  is an television movie actress.

Hope & Faith
"Hope & Faith" was an television series.

Live with Regis Kelly
"Live with Regis Kelly" is a syndicated television talk show, hosted by Regis Philbin Kelly Ripa.

Charley Uchea
Charley Kazim Uchea  is an unemployed self-styled 'it girl' from, born in Southeast London,d.

Sven-Göran Eriksson
Sven-Göran Eriksson born February 5, 1948) is a football manager.

Jade Goody
Jade Goody  is a reality television celebrity who gained Popularity after appearing on TV show Big Brother in 2002.

Sara Rue
Sara Rue  is an actress.

Less Perfect
"Less Perfect" was an television series.

Hilary Hahn
Hilary Hahn  is an Grammy Award–winning violinist.

Larry King
Larry King  is an award-winning writer, journalist broadcaster.

Norfolk, Virginia
Norfolk, Virginia is ae city in Virginia, United States.

Cream Lemon
Cream Lemon is an anime series.

Vahan
Vahan   was an poet, journalist, public activist.

Pontic Greeks
Pontic Greeks, Greeks,s Greeks Pontus  can refer to Greeks specifically from area Pontus in region Empire Trebizond on Black Sea coast Turkey, in other cases more generally all Greeks from shores Black Sea Pontus.

Nynorsk
Nynorsk  is twoficially standards language, other being Bokmål.

Austrian Cultural Society
The Cultural Society was founded in 1974 at Vienna, Austria, Cultural Society is anganization that promotes cultural ties between Armenia Austria a lot more.

Laredo, Texas
Laredo, Texas is a mid-sized city in southern Texas, United States established in year 1755.

German Society
The Society was founded in Berlin in 1914.

Swiss Association
Thed-Armenia Association is to provide encourage ties betweend Armenia, culturally economically.

Asbarez
Asbarez Newspaper began its publication in August 1908 in Fresno as aekly.

Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas
Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas is a mid-sized city in northern Tamaulipas, Mexico established in year 1847.

United States military chocolate
Military chocolate has been a U.S.

Marion Bartoli
Marion Bartoli  is a female professional tennis player fromce.

Bandana
A kerchief  is a triangular square piece cloth tied around head around neck for protective decorative purposes.

Roger Federer
Roger Federer  is a Swiss tennis professional who is currently ranked number two in world.

Martina Hingis
Martina Hingis  is a Swiss tennis professional World Number 1 player.

Noisettes
Noisettes is a band.

Rafael Nadal
Rafael Nadal  is a professional tennis player who has won fived Slam singles titles; four at French Open at Wimbledon.

Justine Henin
Justine Henin  is a professional tennis player who World Number 1.

Carla
Carla , was anchor famous BBC World News, After leaving BBC News she worked on major stories such as "Beneath Veil." Emmy award-winning film about women in, Carla now is working on a new movie with System a Down about genocides occurring world-wide such as forgotten genocides genocide.

Massacres Erzerum
The Massacres Erzerum Erzeroum Massacresre massacres people in city.

Lake Kari
Lake Kari  is a lake in Armenia, in slopes Mount Aragats,lyed by ice snow.

Mount Aragats
Mount Aragats  is highest point in Armenia located in province Aragatsotn, northwest from.

Crystle Stewart
Crystle Stewart is a beauty queen from Houston, Texas.

Victoria Cross for Australia
The Victoria Cross for Australia  is highest military decoration given for bravery "in face enemy" to members Australia Armed Forces.

White Pines Forest State Park
White Pines Forest State Park, also known as White Pines State Park, is an Illinois state park in Ogle County, Illinois.

George Stainforth
Wingder George Hedley Stainforth AFC RAF  was a Royal Air Force pilot.

Ion Heliade Rădulescu
Ion Heliade Rădulescu Ion Heliade  was a-born academic,tic Classicist poet, essayist, story writer, newspaper editor politician.

Chosroid Dynasty
The Chosroids re a dynasty kings later ruling princes early state Iberia, natively known as Kartli, from to ninth centuries.

Guaramid Dynasty
The Guaramid Dynasty was younger branch Chosroid royal house Iberia .

George II Imereti
George II  , Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king Imereti from 1565 to 1585.

Bagrat III Imereti
Bagrat III  , Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king Imereti from April 1, 1510 to 1565.

Glasgow Hillhead by-election, 1982
A Glasgow Hillhead by-election was held on 25 March 1982.

Solaris
Solaris is an operating system created by Sun Microsystems in early 1990s to run onir workstations  is still developed today.

Puja Gupta
Puja Gupta  was winner Miss India Universe in 2007.

Charles A. Johns
Charles A.

Saved!
Saved! is a 2004 teen comedy movie.

Gibraltar Chronicle
The Gibraltar Chronicle is a newspaper published daily in Gibraltar since 1801.

Alan Johnston
Alan Graham Johnston  is a journalist working for BBC.

BBC Television Centre
BBC Television Centre  in White City, London is home to much BBC's televisionput.

Liberty Bell
The Liberty Bell in Philadelphia,ia is an bell great historic importance.

Frank Lloyd Wright
Frank Lloyd Wright  was a famous architect from early 1900's.

Law enforcement in Cuba
Law enforcement in Cuba is responsibility National Revolutionary Police Force  under administration Ministry Interior.

Battle Damascus
The Battle Damascus  was final action Allied advance on Damascus in Syria during Syriaon campaign in World War II.

Laurence Mancuso
Laurence Mancuso  was founding abbot New Skete Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York.

Joseph Jukes
Joseph Beete Jukes , born to John Sophia Jukes in Birmingham,d, was a renowned geologist, author several geological manuals served as a naturalist on expeditions "H.M.S Fly".

Second Crossing
The Second Crossing  is a bridge over River betweend Wales.

Spitz (band)
Spitz is a rock group that set up in 1987.

Yakima,ington
Yakima is a city in stateington.

Sprite
Sprite is a soda similar to 7 Up Sierra Mist.

Universityington
The Universityington is a state universityington, along withington State University.

Theeyy
Theeyy , until April 2005ey Foods Corporation, commonly calledey's, is America's chocolate company.

Totally Spies!
"Totally Spies!" is an animated cartoon series about teenaged spies who are usually on missions to save Earth evil.

Screamers (2006 movie)
"Screamers" is a 2006 documentary by director Carla.

Ross
Ross  was an pianist, songwriter, actor, record producer descent.

Shawn Michaels
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom  is an professional wrestler, better known by ring "The Heartbreak Kid" Shawn Michaels'".

Mount McKinley
Mount McKinley Denali is highest mountain peak in North America.

Dune
In physical geography, a dune is a hill sand built by eolian processes.

Hurri
Hurri was a state along withni also called "Hurri lands", which many scholars place in Armenia.

Detective
A detective is a person who solves crime, investigates.

Kieran Richardson
Kieran Edward Richardson  is an footballer currently playing for Manchester United He is a left-sided midfielder who is also comfortable playing in central midfield.

Juan Pablo Montoya
Juan Pablo Montoya  is a "NASCAR" stock car driver.

Riyo Mori
Riyo Mori born December 24, 1986 in Aoi-ku, Shizuoka, is a dance instructor who won Miss Universe 2007 title in May 2007.

Eolian processes
Eolian  is an event that occurs in nature.

American Girl (company)
Each doll has her own line accessories that includes a series books about her life, furniture, clothing, pets, things that she would use play with.

Sergeiov
Sergeiov , , is considered by many to beiginal critically-acclaimed filmmakers century.

Artavazd
Artavazd Ashoti  is an movie director.

Dress
A dress is a piece clothing that womentimesar.

Giza
Giza Gizah  is a town in Egypt.

Spine (botany)
Spines are ends branches leafs, that have been, hard structures with sharp ends.

Pope Pius IX
Pope Pius IX , bornni Maria Mastai-Ferretti, reigned as Pope Catholic Church from his election in June 16, 1846, until his death more than 31 years later in 1878, making him longest-reigning Pope since Apostle St.

Sickle
A sickle is a curved tool used in agriculture for harvesting grain crops.

Kilometres per hour
Kilometres per hour is a unit measurement, which measures speed velocity.

Amanda Bynes
Amanda Laura Bynes  is an actress, program host on Nickelodeon fashion designer.

Exclamation mark
An exclamation mark  is a punctuation mark.

Yupi'k
Yupi'k people are a group native people who mainly reside in certains Alaska,where nearks.

Anna Kournikova
Anna Sergeevna Kournikova   is a model retired professional tennis player.

Sk8er Boi
Sk8er Boi is a single by pop-punk singer Avril Lavigne.

Talk show
A talk show is a radio television program where more hosts discuss current issues other topics with guests.

Graduated cylinder
A graduated cylinder is a piece laboratory glassware measure volumes chemicals for use in reactions.

Edmond
Edmond  was an Soviet movie director musician.

Amerigo Vespucci
Amerigo Vespucci  was an merchant, explorer cartographer.

Titanic (1997 movie)
"Titanic" is a 1997 romantic drama movie directed, written, co-produced by James Cameron about sinking RMSic.

Rip Slyme
Rip Slyme is a hip hop grouped in 1994.

Laboratory flask
Laboratory flasks are containers made glass which are usually used in scientific laboratories.

Names fore numbers
Naming verye numbers is relatively easy.

Acetylene
Acetylene is a hydrocarbon, belonging to alkyne group.

Ralf Schumacher
Ralf Schumacher  is a ex-Formula driver; he is younger brother Michael Schumacher.

Auto racing
Auto racing  is a sport involving racing automobiles.

Lascelles Abercrombie
Lascelles Abercrombie  was a poet critic Literature, he was a member a group famous poets called "Dymock poets".

Eliza Acton
Elizabeth 'Eliza' Acton  was an poet cook.

Ralph Fiennes
Ralph Fiennes, is an actor, born 22 December 1962 in Ipswich, Suffolk,d, who won Tony Award was Award for his work in Steven Spielberg's movie "Schindler's List", Genie Award.

Wellington Koo
Vi Kyuin Wellington Koo   was a diplomat.

Wade-Giles
Wade-Giles ,times abbreviated Wade, is aization system for language.

Prince (disambiguation)
A prince is a member highest aristocracy .

Natalia Oreiro
Natalia Oreiro  is singer actress.She played soap-operas movies.Her knowm soap-opera is called Muñeca Brava , which was an every-afternoon-smash-hit during its run in Argentina.Her last soap-opera Sos mi vida  was sold more than 40 countries.

Democratic Progressive Party
The Democratic Progressive Party   is a major politicaly in Republic China .

President Republic China
The President Republic China   is head state commander in chief democratic island country knownficially as Republic China .

Anatas
Anastasnesi  was an Oldevik Soviet statesman during Stalinchev years.

Mitanni
Mitanni was a kingdom in northern Mesopotamia from ca.

Russian people
The are people who came from Russia live in United Kingdom.

Larry Griffin
Larry Griffin  - was a man accused killing 19-year-old Quintin Moss.

Nassau County, New York
Nassau County is a suburban county in New York area east New York City in U.S.

White Bears
White Bears Spitak Archerre a group fightersganized equipped by Garo, a volunteer from United States a grandson Genocide survivors, his units drew volunteers from everywhere taking on difficult missions.

Nagorno-Karabakh War
The Nagorno-Karabakh War was an armed conflict that took place from February 1988 to May 1994, in ethnic enclave Nagorno-Karabakh in southwestern, betweenly ethnics Nagorno-Karabakh backed by Republic Armenia against Republic.

Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
The province Bozen wanted more autonomy, because main-speaking community Italy livesre.

SMAP
SMAP is a boy band.

Kick Can Crew
Kick Can Crew is a hip-hop group.

Judy Mary
Judy Mary is a rock band.

Angela Aki
Angela Aki  is a J-pop singer-songwriter.

Reduction
Reduction in a general sense means to take a a whole thing to make it.

IPA chart for
This isational Phonetic Alphabet chart for.

Spanish Empire
The Empire was empires in history global empires.

Viceroyalty New Spain
The Viceroyalty New Spain was viceroy-ruled territories Empire in Asia, North America its peripheries from 1535 to 1821.

Matthew Perry
Matthew Langford Perry  is a Emmy Golden Globe nominated actor who is famous for his role as "Chandler Bing" in television sitcom "Friends", a he years.

Mattc
Matthew Stevenc  is an Emmy Golden Globe nominated actor, famous for his role as "Joeyi" on TV sitcoms "Friends"  "Joey".

Tango
Tango is a dance that was created in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Ethane
Ethane is a chemical compound an alkane with a chemicalula C2H6.

Cracking (chemistry)
In chemistry terms, cracking is a process by which complicatedganic molecules  are broken down into simpler molecules (e.g.

Christchurch, Newd
Christchurch is a city in Southd Newd.

Phosphine
Phosphine is common for chemical compound phosphorus hydride .

Planetary ring
A planetary ring is a ring made dust othericlesbiting around a planet in a flat-disc shaped region.

Kingdom Castile
The Kingdom Castile was medieval kingdoms Peninsula.

Luigii
Luigii  was an physician who lived died in Bologna.

Lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum is a standard placeholder text in publishing graphic design.

Planetary core
The planetary core is innermost layer layers in a planet.

Redox
Redox  describes all chemical reactions in which atoms haveir oxidation number  changed.

Vance
Thece at Van  was an resistance against Empire's attempts to remove its population.

100 (number)
100   is natural number going after 99 coming before 101.

Wasabi
Wasabi is a spice from cabbage family.

Prion disease
A prion disease  is a disease which is caused by prions.

Help!
"Help!" is a 1965 movie starring The Beatles, also movie'sme song, its soundtrack album.

Please Please Me
"Please Please Me" was a 1963 album by The Beatles.

Maritime, Fluvial Harbor Museum Rouen
It is possible to see a 38 meter long barge which can be visited, trawler barge motors a whale skeleton.

Echternach
Echternach is a city in Luxembourg.

Breast cancer
Breast cancer is a type cancer that happens to breast.

Beaker (glassware)
A beaker is a type laboratory equipment an amount material, mineral liquid.

Cue sports
Cue sports are games played with balls on a cloth-covered table that has rubber railings  around it to keep balls on table.

Cher
Cheryl LaPierre   is an actress, singer, songwriter, author entertainer.

Frunzik
Frunzik   was a popular Soviet actor who wasd a People's Artist Soviet Union in 1984.

Aviatic
Aviatic is a 4 member rock band from Los Angeles, California.

Yuzu (band)
Yuzu  is a popular music duo.

Pestilence
Pestilence is a term that is highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic even a pandemic.

List epidemics
This article is a list major epidemics.

Pandemic
A pandemic  is an epidemic  that spreads across ae region , even worldwide.

Training
Training means practicing to gain more skills.

WrestleMania (PPV series)
The twenty-fifth edition event is 5, 2009 att Stadium in Houston, Texas.

Demi Moore
Demi Moore  is an actress.

Fergie
Stacy Ann Ferguson , better known by her stage Fergie, is an R&B/hip-hop singer-songwriter, actress.

Zuleyka Rivera Mendoza
Zuleyka Jerrís Rivera Mendoza  is a beauty queen who has held titles Miss Puerto Rico Miss Universe 2006.

Amanda Peet
Amanda Peet  is an movie television actress.

Rupert Everett
Rupert James Hector Everett  is an actor a singer.

Shiri Maymon
Shiri Maymon  is an Israeli singer who represented her country in Eurovision Song Contest 2005 where she reached final.

Tom Selleck
Thomas William Selleck  is a Golden Globe Emmy Award winning actor, screenwriter film producer, very famous for his role on long-running television show "Magnum P.I." He has also acted in many movies had a recurring role as "Dr.

Rob Schneider
Robert Michael Schneider  is an actor, comedian, screenwriter, director.

Växjö
Växjö  is a city in Småland in southern Sweden.

Carolina Klüft
Carolina Evelyn Klüft  is a athlete.

Jonas Björkman
Jonas Lars Björkman  is a professional male tennis player World No.

Do As Infinity
Do As Infinity was a popular band which hadir song on September 29, 1999, "Tangerine Dream".

Myleene Klass
Myleene Angela Klass  is an classical pianist, commercial model, television radio presenter, member UK pop group Hear'Say.

Kym
Kym Gail Ryder   is an Actress Singer.

Mackenzie
Mackenzien  is an child actress.

David Gallagher
David Lee Gallagher  is an actor.

Jessica Biel
Jessica Claire Biel  is an actress fashion model known for appearing in several Hollywood films such as "Summer Catch", remake "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" "The Illusionist", asll as for her early television role Mary Camden in long-running family-drama series "7th Heaven".

7th Heaven
"7th Heaven" was an television series about at minister's family living in fictional town Glenoak, California.

Beverley Mitchell
Beverley Ann Mitchell  is an actress country music singer.

Nanne Grönvall
Nanne Grönvall  is a singer-songwriter.

Human biology
Human biology is an academic field that is biology, biological anthropology, medicine which focuses on humans; it is closely biology, a number other fields.

Flavor Flav
William Drayton Jr.

Schapelle Corby
Schapelle Leigh Corby  is an woman convicted imprisoned in Indonesia for drug smuggling.

Autogenic training
Autogenic training is a relaxation technique developed by psychiatristnes Schultz published in 1932.

Mathematical notation
There are different ways to write down an "equation" " two three" .

Ian Craig
Ian Craig  is a musician, a founding member electronic band The League.

Laboratory equipment
Laboratory equipment are tools equipment used by scientists who work in a laboratory.

Sarah Palin
Sarah Louise Heath Palin  isor Alaska was Party's nominee for Vice President in 2008 United States presidential election, however lost to Joe Biden.

Samvel
Samvel , wasder in Chief Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army from 1994 to 2000.

Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army
The Nagorno-Karabakh  Defense Army was made on May 9, 1992 asal defense force unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, made ups.

Nagorno-Karabakh Republic
The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic   Artsakh Republic is a "de facto" independent republic located in Nagorno-Karabakh region South Caucasus.

Brandon Lee
Brandon Bruce Lee  was an actor Han,, descent.

Matt Dillon
Matthew Raymond "Matt" Dillon  is an Academy Award-nominated actor.

Matt Damon
Matthew Paige "Matt" Damon  is an actor screenwriter.

Robert Urich
Robert Urich  was an Emmy-winning actor, famous for playing private investigators on television series '  "Vega$" .

Vic Morrow
Victor Morrow  was an actor.

Lal Masjid siege
The Lal Masjid siege was a conflict centering around Lal Masjid mosque madrasah complex in Islamabad, capital, that was besieged from July 3 to July 11, 2007.

Mourning Dove
The Mourning Dove  is bird in dove family, "Columbidae".

Mai Kuraki
Mai Kuraki  is a female pop R&B singer.

Saint Mesrob
Saint Mesroptots  was an monk who invented alphabet in year 406.

Ashlee Simpson
Ashlee Simpson  is an pop rock singer, songwriter, actress, younger sister pop singer Jessica Simpson.

Airbus A340
The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined widebody commercial passenger airplane manufactured by Airbus S.A.S.

Autonomic nervous system
The autonomic nervous system   is peripheral nervous system that controls body's internal state.

Peripheral nervous system
The Peripheral nervous system, PNS, is nervous system, consists nerves neurons that areside central nervous system  serve limbsgans, for example.

IKEA
IKEA is a chain furniture DIY stores.

Central nervous system
The central nervous system  is nervous system.

Spinal cord
The spinal cord is a thin bundle nerves that is an extension central nervous system from brain is enclosed in protected by bony vertebral column.

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? is a quiz show, produced by Celador.

Danny Saucedo
Danny Saucedo  is a singer who competed as as finalists in Pop Idol — version Idol.

Agnes Carlsson
Agnes Carlsson , born March 6 1988 in Vänersborg, is a singer who rose to popularity after winning "Idol 2005", version "Pop Idol", shown by TV4.

Daniel Lindström
Daniel Lindström  is a singer from Umeå who won Idol 2004 contest against Darin Zanyar.

Destiny's Child
Destiny’s Child was a three-time Grammy Award-winning R&B group.

Kellyd
Kellyd  is a Grammy Award-winning R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, occasional actress, who rose to fame as founding members R&B girl group Destiny's Child, world's-selling female group all time selling over 100 million records worldwide.

Pop Idol
"Pop Idol" was a television series that was shown on ITV on October 5 2001; show was a talent contest to decide new young pop singer, 'pop idol', in United Kingdom, based on viewer votingicipation.

Rachel Smith
Rachel Renee Smith  is a beauty queen from Clarksville, Tennessee who won Miss USA contest in 2007 who previously had competed in Miss Teen USA contest.

Natalie Glebova
Natalie Glebova,  is a beauty queen who has held title Miss Universe 2005.

Michelle Williams (singer)
Michelle Williams  is an gospel R&B singer, songwriter, actress.

Simon Cowell
Simon Cowell  is an artist repertoire  executive for Sony BMG in United Kingdom.

Reality television
Reality television is a genre television programming which presents unscripted dramatic humorous situations, document actual events, havedinary people instead professional actors.

Tengwar
Tengwar is a is a constructed writing system, invented by J.

Petros
Petros  an poet actor.

Adriana Lima
Adriana Lima  is a supermodel.

Cuban Missile Crisis
The Missile Crisis was a period tension between Soviet Union United States, using Cuba as a battleground.

Berber people
Berbers (also called Amazigh, "free men", pl.

Prosencephalon
The prosencephalon , mesencephalon , rhombencephalon  are three primary portions brain vertebrates.

Gag
Gag is usually from speaking.

Meänkieli
Meänkieli  is a Finno-Ugric language spoken in River Torne valley in north Sweden, above Arctic circle.

Toni Braxton
Toni Michelle Braxton  is an R&B singer, songwriter, actress.

Joan Rivers
Joan Rivers  is an comedian, talk show host, businesswoman, celebrity.

Melissa Rivers
Melissa Rivers  is an actress television co-host for fashion/red carpet interviews on cable satellite television, previously for E! cable network currently for TV Guide channel with her mother, comedian Rivers.

Teri Hatcher
Teri Lynn Hatcher  is an Emmy-nominated Golden Globe Award-winning actress author.

Felicity
Felicity  is an Academy Award-nominated Emmy Award-winning movie television actress.

Marcia Cross
Marcia Anne Cross  is an Emmy Golden Globe Award-nominated actress.

Eva Longoria Parker
Eva Jacqueline Longoria-Parker  is a Golden Globe Award-nominated movie television actress.

Nicollette
Nicollette  is a Golden Globe nominated actress, primarily on soap operas, movies television.

Contiki
Contiki is a, open source free operating system.

Princess Madeleine Sweden
Princess Madeleine Sweden, Duchess Hälsingland Gästrikland, , born on June 10, 1982, is youngest child daughter King Carl XVI Gustaf Queen Silvia Sweden.

Queen Silvia Sweden
Queen Silvia Sweden   is Queen consort King Carl XVI Gustaf, Sweden's monarch, mother heir apparent to throne, Crown Princess Victoria.

Princess Victoria Sweden
Victoria, Crown Princess Sweden, Duchessd , , born July 14, 1977, is heiress apparent to throne.

Prince Carl Philip Sweden
Prince Carl Philip Sweden , born May 13, 1979, Duke Värmland, is child three children only son King Carl XVI Gustaf Queen Silvia Sweden.

Hermeskeil
Hermeskeil is a town ind-Palatinate,y.

Reinsfeld
Reinsfeld is a village ind-Palatinate,y.

Hunsrück
The Hunsrück is a low mountain range ind-Palatinate,y.

International Space Station
Theational Space Station  is a space station currently being built in space.

Kentwood,a
Kentwood is a rural town in Tangipahoa,a near Mississippi border.

I'm with You
"I'm with You" is Avril Lavigne's popular songs.

Somersault
Arsault is an acrobatic move where a person tucks in mid-air moves feet over head.

Lisa
Lisa is a famous YouTuber, actress writer.

Augite
Augite is a mineral.

Onyx
An onyx is a type rock mineral.

Opal
The Opal is a rock mineral.

Amethyst
An amethyst is a type quartz mineral rock.

Emerald
An emerald is a mineral rock from variety beryl.

Garnet
A garnet is silicate mineral.

Ralph Macchio
Ralph Macchio  is an actor.

French Legion
The French Legion, was made with French Agreement , was a foreign legion unit within French Army.

Vahan
Vahan M.

North India
Northern India, also known as, is a land cultural region India.

Yalta Conference
The Yalta Conference  was held in February 1945, just after Second World War was over.

Potsdam Conference
The Potsdam Conference was a meeting Soviet Union, United Kingdom United States in Potsdam,y from July 17 to August 2, 1945.

Nahe
The Nahe is a river ind-Palatinate,y, a left tributary to Rhine.

Palatinate (region)
The Palatinate , historically also Palatinate , is a region in south-westerny.

Taunus
The Taunus is a mountain range in Hesse,y.

Antonov An-225
The An-225 "Mriya" is airliner in world.

Edmund Burke
Edmund Burke  was an important politician, writer.

Muslim occasions
Muslim holidays mainly celebrate events Muslim prophet, Muhammad's lifes celebrate events in Jesus' life such as his birth  his death .

Guys Dolls
"Guys Dolls" is a musical.

Ichiro Mizuki
, real , is a famous anison singer, composer, voice actordinary actor.

Saalburg
The Saalburg is a fortification in Taunus mountains iny was a stronghold in Upperic Limes.

Kesha Wizzart
Kesha Wizzart , was a future pop star a contestant on television show "Stars In Their Eyes".

Names for numbers
Naming very numbers is same as naming very numbers, but with important difference.

Military ancient Rome
The Military ancient Rome  means all military forces Ancient Rome from founding city Rome to end Empire.

Roman legion
The Legion  is a term that can mean both: heavy infantry that was basic military unit ancient army in period late Republic Empire with a wider meaning "legio"  in sense entire army.

Alpha helix
An alpha helix  is a twisted a protein.

Allied Occupation Zones iny
After World War II Naziyst Oder-Neisse line was occupation zones.

Topaz
A Topaz is birthstone one whose birthday lands in month November.

Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song)
Beautiful is a song from Christina Aguilera's album "Stripped".

Fundamentalorem algebra
The fundamentalorem algebra is a proven fact that is basis mathematical analysis, study limits.

R.E.M. (band)
R.E.M.

Israel
The State Israel is a country in Middle East.

Lake Champlain
Lake Champlain is a natural freshwater lake in North America along borders New York Vermontially across United States-Canada border in province Quebec.

Fumie Suguri
Fumie Suguri  is a figure skater.

Listficial languages in Russia
Although is onlyficial language Federation,re are several otherficially-recognized languages for areas within Russia.

Occupational Safety Health Administration
The United States Occupational Safety Health Administration  is an agency United States Department Labor.

Arsenio Hall
Arsenio Hall  is an actor comedian.

Bezenye
Bezenye is a village in north-west Hungary.

Royal Proclamation 1763
The Royal Proclamation 1763 was issued October 7, 1763, by King George III after Great Britain gained French territory in North America after end French War/Seven Years' War.

Inkscape
Inkscape is a vector graphics  drawing program published under GNU General Public License.

Land grant
A land grant is a gift real estate - land privileges - made by a government other authority as a reward for services to an individual, especially as rewards for military service.

Pope Leo XIII
Pope Leo XIII , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci, was Pope Catholic Church.

Konzum
Konzum is Croatia's supermarket chain.

Mother Teresa
Mother Teresa  , was a Catholic nun who founded Missionaries Charity won Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 for her work with people.

JoJo (singer)
Joanna Noëlle Levesque , known by her stage JoJo, is an singer.

Angela Aames
Angela Aames  was an actress.

Willie Aames
Willie Aames  is an actor famous for roles Buddy Lembeck on "Charles in Charge", Tommy Bradford on "Eight is Enough" voice Hank on "Dungeons & Dragons", cartoon.

Peter Abbay
Peter Abbay  plays mysterious unseen Banker on NBC's hit game show, "Deal No Deal".

Bruce Abbott
Bruce Abbott  is an actor.

Bud Abbott
Williamder “Bud” Abbott  was an actor, producer comedian born in Asbury Park, New Jersey.

Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (bornd Lewis Alcindor, Jr.

Betty Aberlin
Betty Aberlin  is an actress, poet, writer.

Jake Abel
Jake Abel  is an actor.

Baudrecourt, Moselle
Beaudrecourt is a village in Lorraine regionce.

Hayden Panettiere
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  is an actress, singer, a Grammy Award nominee.

Toul
Toul is a city ince.

Blessthefall
blessthefall is an U.S post-hardcore band from Phoenix, Arizona.

Amber
Amber, also called Allingite Burmite , is common for fossil resin that is inherent interesting mixture colours it is widely objects.

Resin
Resin Rosin "" is a hydrocarbon secretion many plants,icularly coniferous trees, chemical constituents uses such as varnishes, adhesives, as an important source raw materials forganic synthesis, for incense perfume.

Varnish
Varnish is a transparent, hard, protective finish film primarily used in wood finishing but also for other materials.

Secretion
Secretion is process releasing chemicals from a cell, a secreted chemical substance amount substance.

Adhesive
An adhesive is a compound that adheres bonds two items together.

Natural gum
Natural gums are polysaccharides naturaligin, that can change viscosity a material in solution, even at concentrations.

Ali
Ali ibn Abi Talib  ‎  was an early Islamic leader.

Zakarid Armenia
The Zakarid Armenia, is made to describe territories Armenia given to Zakarid-Mxargrzeli princes as a fief by Tamar, queen Kingdom Georgia.

Women Islam
The complex relationship between women Islam is shown by both Islamic texts history culture Muslim world.

Chador
A chador  is a piece clothing.

Vortex mixer
A vortex mixer is machine used in laboratories to mix beakers liquids.

Niqāb
Niqab is a piece clothing.

Hira
Hira is a cave.

Ferdowsi
Hakīm Abul-Qāsim Firdawsī Tūsī   Ferdowsi is a poet.

Abu-Mansur Daqiqi
Hakim Abu Mansur Muhammad Ibn Ahmad Daqiqi Balkhi   Daqiqi was a poet.

Edward VII United Kingdom
Edward VII  was King United Kingdom from 1901 to 1910, which is called period.

Adhesive tape
Adhesive tape is a tape that is coated with adhesive objects together.

Romanski
Romanski  is a movie director.

Watford
Watford is a town inire,d, just north London.

Home Alone
Home Alone is a 1990 comedy movie.

Hijab
Hijab  is Arabic word for "to cover", in general, means to be modest.

Scooby-Doo
"Scooby-Doo" is an long-running animated series that was made for Saturday morning cartoons in many different versions from 1969 to now.

Akita Inu
The Akita is a breed dog from.

Nezami
Hakīm Nizām ad-Dīn Abū Muhammad Ilyās ibn-Yusūf ibn-Zakī ibn-Mu'ayyid Nezāmi Ganjavi   Nezāmi is a poet.

Metric (band)
Metric is a band.

Rudaki
Abu Abdullah Jafar ibn Mohammad ibn Hakim ibn ibn Adam Rudakidi (859 - c.

Baba Taher
Baba Taher  was a poet.

Amir Khosrow
Hakīm Abul Yamīn al-Dīn Khusrow Balkhi Dehlavi   Amir Khosrow is a poet.

Hafez
Khwajeh Shams al-Din Muhammad Hafez-e Shirazi    Hafez is a poet.

Forough Farrokhzad
Forough Farrokhzad  (Persian:فروغ فرخزاد was an poetess.

Ahmad Shamlou
Ahmad Shamlou   Shamlou was a poet, writer journalist.

Parvin E'tesami
Parvin E'tesami  (Persian: پروین اعتصامی is an poetess.

Jihad
Jihad is an Arabic word meaning "to struggle".

Postfix notation
Postfix notation is a mathematical notation.

Infix notation
Infix notation is common arithmetic logicalula notation, in which operators are written infix-style between operandsy act on (e.g.

Fiqh
Fiqh Islamic jurisprudence is an expansion Sharia law is meant to be used with fatwas by Islamic clerics to help Muslims not break Sharia law.

Dir en grey
Dir en grey is a rock band from.

Hurricane Wilma
Hurricane Wilma was strongest hurricane ever recorded intic.

Yucatán Peninsula
The Yucatán Peninsula separates Sea from Gulf Mexico.

Clarksville, Tennessee
Clarksville is a city in Montgomery County, Tennessee, USA.

Live Earth
Live Earth was a series concerts held on July 7, 2007,reganized by Al Gore, who vice president.

Wembley Stadium (1923)
Wembley Stadium was a sports arena located in London,d.

Inch mercury
Inches mercury, inHg Hg is a non-SI unit for pressure, a way to measure how hardthing is pushing onthing else.

Lou Costello
Lou Costello, born Louiscis Cristillo , was an actor comedian known as half comedy team Abbott Costello, with Bud Abbott.

Kirstie Alley
Kirstie Louise Alley  is an actress famous for her role in TV show "Cheers", where she played Rebecca Howe from 1987-1993, winning an Emmy as "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series" for 1991.

Seth Adkins
Seth Elijah Adkins  is an actor.

Danny Aiello
Daniel Louis Aiello, Jr.

Claude Akins
Claude Marion Akins was an actor .

Don Adams
Don Adams , born Donald James Yarmy, was an actor famous for his role as "Maxwell Smart"  in TV situation comedy "Get Smart" , for which he also directed wrote.

Ben Affleck
Benjamin Géza Affleck  is a Golden Globe Award-nominated movie actor, director, Academy Award-winning Golden Globe Award-winning screenwriter.

The Cosby Show
"The Cosby Show" is an television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, broadcast on September 20, 1984 ran for eight seasons on NBC television network, until April 30, 1992.

Wembley Stadium
Wembley Stadium is a football stadium in London,d.

Port Dover Composite School
Port Dover Composite School is a public high school in Port Dover, Ontario, Canada.

Rouben
Rouben   was an filmatre director.

Ivan Aivazovsky
Ivan Aivazovsky  was a painter descent, famous for his seascapes, which make up more than half his paintings.

Thistle tube
A thistle tube is made glass is used in laboratories to add liquid to beakers other liquidstimes to other pieces equipment.

World Meteorologicalization
The World Meteorologicalization  is an internationalganization with a membership 188 Member States Territories.

Static mixer
A static mixer is a piece equipment that is liquids in laboratories.

Komárno
Komárno is a town in south-west Slovakia.

Komarno
Komarno is a town in Ukraine.

Correlation
In statistics probabilityory, correlation  means strength direction a linear relationship between two random variables.

Sunscreen
Sunscreen  is a lotion, spray other topical product that helps protect skin from sun's ultraviolet  radiation, which reduces sunburn other skin damage, with goal lowering your risk skin cancer.

First Council Nicaea
The First Council Nicaea was held in Nicaea in Bithynia  in 325.

Oscypek
Oscypek  is a smoked cheese fromd Slovakia.

Bigos
Bigos is a traditional dish fromdia.

Kaliber 44
Kaliber 44 is a rap band fromd.

Lupin
Lupin,ten spelled lupine in North America, is common for members genus "Lupinus" in family Fabaceae.

Bar (unit)
The bar , decibar  millibar  are units pressure.

Pascal (unit)
The pascal  is SI derived unit pressure stress.

Jerez de la Frontera
Jerez de la Frontera is a city located in province Cádiz, in region Andalusia in Spain.

Limited government
Limited government is a government with roles powers given, limited, limited by law, usually in a written constitution.

Azores
The Azores are a group nine islands located in Northtic about 1,500 km  from Lisbon, Portugal.

Wade Robson
Wade Jeremy Robson  is an professional dancer, choreographer, producer, songwriter.

Adam Sapieha
"His Eminence" Prince Adamisław Bonfatiusz Józef Cardinal Sapieha  was a prelate Catholic Church, might call, mentor Pope John Paul II.

Cardinal (Catholicism)
In Catholic Church, Cardinal is anfice.

Faustyna Kowalska
Maria Faustina Kowalska, commonly known as Saint Faustina, born Helena Kowalska  was a nun mystic.

Donni
Donni is an opera byg Amadeus Mozart.

The Magic Flute
"The Magic Flute" (German: "Die Zauberflöte", K.

George Chuvalo
George Chuvalo was a heavyweight champion multiple contender for heavyweight title in 1960s 1970s.

Guest worker
Guest workers are people brought into a country to work in different industries.

Tropical Storm Lee (2005)
Tropical Storm Lee was aak tropical storm that hardly reached tropical storm status for a time while over centraltic during late August early September 2005.

Lesser Antilles
The Lesser Antilles  are a group islands that is located between eastern edge Seasterntic, while islands are also located justf northern coast South America.

Cold front
A cold front is a meteorological word that is movement a cooler airmass into an area warmer air.

Separating funnel
A separating funnel  is a piece laboratory equipment madely glass is two liquids that usually are very hard to separate, for example, Oil Water.

Plate reader
Microplate readers  are laboratory equipment any biological, chemical physical change in samples chemicals in microtiter plates.

Microtiter plate
A microtiter plate  is a flat plate with lots "wells" used as test tubes.

Bulgarian language
Bulgarian  is an Indo language spoken mainly in Bulgaria.

Erlenmeyer flask
An Erlenmeyer flask conical flask is a laboratory equipment with a conical base a neck.

Girlfriend
A girlfriend is a term that can mean either a femalener in a non-marital relationship, just a female friend.

Miley Cyrus
Miley Ray Cyrus  is an actress, singer, songwriter.

Concordia, Kansas
Concordia is a city in north-eastern Kansas, USA.

Indigenous peoples
The term indigenous people means people who where who lived in a certain region.

Migrant worker
A migrant worker isone who regularly works away from home, ify even have a home.

Unicode
Unicode is a standard for computers to makem able to show text in different languages.

Low pressure area
A low pressure area, low for, is a meteorological word that is a region where atmospheric pressure is lowest with relation to surrounding area.

Hill fort
A hill fort is a fortified refuge defended settlement.

Troy,
Troy, is a city in, United States.

Gin
Gin is a type alcoholic drink with a high amount alcohol in it, usually about 35-50% alcohol by volume.

Prostitution
A prostitute  is a person, time a woman, who has sex with people for money.

Girl
A girl is a female child.

Family Guy
"Family Guy" is a 1999 animated comedy television series created by Sethe.

MySpace
MySpace is a social networkingbsite where people can communicate using messages, video photo uploads, blogs, social groups, music.

RuneScape
RuneScape is a game that is played on a computer.

Jagex
Jagex stands for Java Gaming Experts.

Ellated
"Ellated" is a Newbery Honor book.

Exploitation
Exploitation means using things that are available inder to benefit from it.

People (magazine)
"People" is aekly magazine celebrity human interest stories, published by Time Inc.

Eye Horus
The Eye Horus was an important symbol in ancient Egypt.

Dalip Singh Rana
Dalip Singh Rana  is an professional wrestler actor.

Ani (god)
In mythology, Ani is god sky.

Tecophilaea
"Tecophilaea" is a genus plants in family "Tecophilaeaceae".

Propolis
Propolis ' „for“ y ' „city“ is a wax-like resinous substance collected by honey bees from tree buds (e.g.

Home Away
"Home Away"  is a soap opera that has been made in Sydney by Seven Network since July 1987.

Anthony Hopkins
Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins CBE   is an Academy Award, Golden Globe Emmy Award-winning movie, stage television actor.

Turner Classic Movies
Turner Classic Movies  is a cable television channel featuring commercial-free classic movies,ly from Turner Entertainment Warner Bros.

Internet Broadway Database
Theet Broadway Database  is an online database Broadwayatre productionsir personnel.

Brigitte Bardot
Brigitte Bardot   is a French actress, fashion model, singer, animal rights activist, considered important sex symbols 1950s 1960s.

Farben Lehre
Farben Lehre is a punk rock band.

Billy Crystal
Billy Crystal  is a Golden Globe Award-nominated Emmy Award-winning actor, writer, producer, comedian film director.

Carmen Electra
Tara Leigh Patrick , commonly known as Carmen Electra, is an glamour model, television personality, dancer, singer actress.

Calista Flockhart
Calista Kay Flockhart  is an Emmy Award-nominated Golden Globe-winning actress, especially on soap operas television.

Dwight Schultz
William Dwight Schultz  is an stage, television film actor.

Fred Savage
Frederick Aaron Savage  is an Emmy Award Golden Globe Award-nominated actor television director.

Gene Kelly
Eugene Kelly , better known as Gene Kelly, was an dancer, actor, singer, director, producer, choreographer.

Islamic fundamentalism
Islamic fundamentalism is supporting usage Islamic laws based on hadiths in law.

Golden Globe Award
The Golden Globe Awards are awards for motion pictures television programs, given each year during aal dinner.

Allmusic
Allmusic, which was known as All Music Guide  before, is a database about music.

The Lord Rings movie series
"The Lord Rings" is a set three fantasy movies: "Theip Ring" , "The Two Towers"  "The Return King" .

Gary
Gary Wayne  is an actor.

Cameo appearance
A cameo role cameo appearance  is a brief appearance a known person in a work performing arts, such as plays, films, video games television.

George Peppard
George Peppard, Jr.

Rotten Tomatoes
Rotten Tomatoes is absite, information, news movies video games.

Halle Berry
Halle Maria Berry  is an actress.

Golden Raspberry Awards
The Golden Raspberry Awards Razzies, awarded in 1981,re created by John Wilson in 1980, with intention to be opposite to Academy Awards by dishonoring worst that film industry had tofer.

Blowing a raspberry
Blowing a raspberry making a Bronx cheer is to make a noise made to make fun a person persons, made by sticking tongue between lips blowing to make a sound similar to flatulence.

Joshua Jackson
Joshua Carter Jackson  is a actor.

John Wayne
John Wayne  was an Academy Award-winning, film actor.

Tropical Storm Tammy (2005)
Tropical Storm Tammy is nineteenthd storm 2005tic hurricane season.

Manuchehri
Abu Najm Ahmad ibn Qaus Manuchehrii (c.

Piranshahr
Piranshahr (Persian: پیرانشهر, meaning "City" is derived from local tribe "Piran" is a city in northwest on Iraqi border.

Mowlana Rumi
Mowlana Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Balkhi Rumi  Rumi was a poet.

Abu Shakur Balkhi
Abu Shakur Balkhi  akor Balkhi is a poet.

Nasir Khusraw
Abu Mo’in Hamid al-Din Nasir ibn Khusrawi Marvzi  was a poet.

Anvari
Hakīm Awhad ad-Din Ali ibn Mohammadi Anvari Abivardi   Anvari is a poet.

Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?
"Combat Baby" was also a single in UK.

Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi  was last Shah.

Mehdi
Medhi   Mahdi was an scholar.

Constanţa
Constanţa is seaport on Black Sea city in Dobruja.

Gazelle
A gazelle is a antelope.

Kabyle language
Kabyle is a Berber language  spoken by Kabyle people.

Slackware
Slackware is a Linux distribution which is famous for being stable, fast suitable for older computers.

Tropical Storm Bret (2005)
Tropical Storm Bert was aak storm that only lasted from June 28 to June 29.

Tropical Storm Harvey (2005)
Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm that moved acrosstic from August 2 to August 8.

Flash Gordon
"Flash Gordon" is a science fiction adventure story that began as a comic strip in 1934.

Two
2  is a number, numeral, glyph.

Regina,
Regina is capital city province.

Parachute
A parachute is a pack that inflates slows down speed rate falling from sky.

United States Capitol
The United States Capitol is building where United States Congress meets.

Strut bar
A strut bar strut brace is a bar that is on two front wheels a car.

Front-wheel drive
Front-wheel drive, FWD, is a car setup, where car's power is at front wheels.

Rear-wheel drive
Rear-wheel drive, RWD, is when a car uses its rear wheels to move.

Wireless
The word wireless is normally to any type electrical electronic operation which is done without a "hard wired" connection.

Shah
Shah is a word which means king ruler a country.

Approval voting
Approval voting is a voting system.

Agar plate
An agar plate is a Petri dish that contains agar nutrients.

Mansur Al-Hallaj
Abū al-Mughīth Hossein ibn Manūr Al Hallāj (c.

Conical measure
A conical measure is a piece laboratory equipment which is mix liquids.

Unsuri
Abu Al Qasim ibn Ahmad Unsuri Balkhi (d.

Ali Shariati
Ali Shariatii   Shariati was an Muslim philosopher, sociologist, poet writer.

Kisai Marvazi
Abul Abu Ishaq Kasa'i Marvazi   Kasai is a poet.

Farrokhii
Abul Ali ibn Julugh Farrukhii  Farrokhi is a poet.

Mu'izzi
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu'izzi  was an century century poet.

Khaqanii
Afzal ad- Din Badil Ibrahim ibn Ali Nadjarii ii was a poet.

The Seasons (Haydn)
The Seasons  is anatorio by Joseph Haydn.

Sohrab Sepehri
Sohrab Sepehri  was an poet painter.

Shabestari
Mahmud Shabestari  is a Sufi poet.

Jami
Nur ad-Din Abd ar Jami   Jami was a Sufi poet.

Saadi
Sheikh Muslih-ud-Dinrif-ibn-Abdullah Saadi Shirazi  Saadi was a poet.

Saint-Paul, Réunion
Saint-Paul, Réunion is city in Réunion.

Iraj Mirza
Jalaalolmamalek pesar e Gholam Hossein Mirzaor Iraj Mirza was an poet.He was born in Tabriz,Iran.

Federalism
Federalism is a political philosophy in which a group people are bound together, with a governing head.

Federation
A federation is a union a number self-governing states regions, which are alldered by a central government.

Federal republic
A federal republic is a federation states, with a republican central government.

Square (mathematics)
In mathematics, a square a number means result multiplying number by itself.

Pan (moon)
Pan is a moon Saturn.

Tropical Stormklin (2005)
Tropical Stormklin was a strong tropical storm that stayed insterntic for much its life.

Atlas (moon)
Atlas is a moon Saturn.

Prometheus (moon)
Prometheus is a moon Saturn.

Chris Daughtry
Christopher Adam "Chris" Daughtry  is a popular singer, known for being-place finisher on Idol, for being lead singer Daughtry, who releasedir hit album in 2006.

Pandora (moon)
Pandora is a moon Saturn.

Daphnis (moon)
Daphnis is a moon Saturn.

Melinda Doolittle
Melinda Marie Doolittle  is an singer, known for being-place finalist on "American Idol".

Epimetheus (moon)
Epimetheus is a moon Saturn.

Janus (moon)
Janus is a moon Saturn.

Enceladus (moon)
Enceladus is a round,e moon Saturn.

Tethys (moon)
Tethys is ae moon Saturn.

Tropical Storm Jose (2005)
Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that very time from August 22 to August 23.

Hurricane Cindy (2005)
Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very time in Gulf Mexico during July made landfall ina.

Cartridge (electronics)
A cartridge means an object that adds different functions content to an electronic device , that refillsthing device needs .

Hurricane Epsilon
Hurricane Epsilon was a Category 1 hurricane that lasted a long time in centraltic during late November early December.

Football League Cup
The Football League Cup is a national football competition between all league clubs ind.

The Football Association
The Football Association  isganization that controls football.

Tropical Storm Alpha (2005)
Tropical Storm Alpha was twenty-third tropical subtropical storm 2005tic hurricane season.

Büchner funnel
A büchner funnel is a piece laboratory equipment which is separate a liquid from a solid.

Hurricane Alicia
Hurricane Alicia wasd storm hurricane 1983tic hurricane season.

Giza pyramid complex
Giza pyramid complex  is located on Giza Plateau near city Cairo, Egypt.

Hanging Gardens Babylon
The Hanging Gardens Babylon  walls Babylon  are Seven Wonders World.

Statue Zeus at Olympia
The Statue Zeus at Olympia was Seven Wonders World.

Temple Artemis
The Temple Artemis , also known as Templea, was a temple.

Büchner flask
A Büchner flask  is a flask made glass.

Mausoleum Maussollos
The Tomb Maussollos, Mausoleum Maussollos, Mausoleum Halicarnassus , was a tomb built between 353 350 BC.

Colossus Rhodes
The Colossus Rhodes was a huge statue Greek god Helios.

Lighthousedria
The Pharosdria  was a tall tower built in century BC .

Telesto (moon)
Telesto is a tiny moon Saturn.

Calypso (moon)
Calypso is a moon Saturn.

Pallene (moon)
Pallene is a moon Saturn.

Methone (moon)
Methone is a moon Saturn.

Dione (moon)
Dione is ae moon Saturn.

Helene (moon)
Helene is a moon Saturn.

Polydeuces (moon)
Polydeuces is a moon Saturn.

Boyfriend
A boyfriend is a malener in a romantic relationship which is not a marriage .

Aspirator
An aspirator is a device that makes vacuum, due to Venturi effect.

Venturi effect
The Venturi effect is a case where fluid flows through a tube that narrows.

Santa Fe, Argentina
Santa Fe is capital city province Santa Fe in Argentina.

Geography Argentina
Argentina is almost 3,700 km long from north to south, 1,400 km from east tost .

List retiredtic hurricanes
This article is about a list retiredtic hurricanes.

Asturian language
The language is native language Asturias.

Classical mythology
Classical Greco mythology usually means mythology, related polytheistic rituals practices, Classical Antiquity.

Jun Kazama
Jun Kazama is a video game character in game "Tekken".

Allen Klein
Allen Klein  is an businessman, descent.

Thunderstorm
A thunderstrorm is a typeather system that includes electrical charges lightning in a storm hurricane.

Mark David
Mark David is an, known as murderer musician John Lennon.

Diana, Princess Wales
Diana, Princess Wales was famous women in world.

Dylan Postl
Dylan Mark Postl  is an midget wrestler.

Ink cartridge
An ink cartridge is a container that contains ink.

Tezpur
Tezpur is a town in Assam, India.

D.Gray-man
"D.Gray-man"  is a manga series by Katsuraino.

Kyoto Station
Kyoto Station  is important transportation center in Kyoto,.

Stefan Kießling
Stefan Kießling  is a footballer.

Bacteria bed
A bacteria bed is a layer sand which is air water from bacteria other microorganisms.

Filter
A filter is a device unwanteds fromthing.

Guwahati
Guwahati is city in north eastern region India.

Henry Clay
Henry Clay, Sr.

Daniel Webster
Daniel Webster  was a United States politician.

The Catcher in Rye
"The Catcher in Rye" is a novel by author J.

Evan Lysacek
Evan Lysacek  is an figure skater.

Richard Childress Racing
Richard Childress Racing is a NASCAR racing team that is owned by Mr.

Bobby Darin
Walden Robert Cassotto , better known as Bobby Darin, was an pop singer, famous during 1950s.

Sasha Cohen
Alexandra Pauline "Sasha" Cohen  is an figure skater.

Justification (theology)
Inology, justification is God's act pardoningone's sins, becauseir belief in Christ.

Jury nullification
Jury nullification means "cancelling by jury".

Tropical Storm Gamma (2005)
Tropical Storm Gamma was twenty-fourthd storm 2005tic hurricane season.

Jasonder
Jasonder  is a television, cinema musicalatre actor, famous for his role as "Georgeza" on hit television series "Seinfeld".

Khandider
Khandider  is an dancer, choreographer, movie television actress.

Kirsten Dunst
Kirsten Caroline Dunst  is an actress, famous for her roles in "Interview with Vampire", "The Virgin Suicides", "Marie Antoinette", "Bring It On", asll as Mary Jane Watson in "Spider-Man" film series.

Mary Tyler Moore
Mary Tyler Moore  is an Academy Award-nominated actress comedian, famous for "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" , where she played role "Mary Richards", a single woman who worked as a news producer at WJM-TV in Minneapolis, for her role as "Laura Petrie", wife television comedy writer "Rob Petrie"  on "The Dick Van Dyke Show" .

Pamela Anderson
Pamela Denise Anderson  is a-born actress, sex symbol, glamour model, producer, TV personality, author.

Sandra Bullock
Sandra Annette Bullock  is an movie actress.

Miami Ink
Miami Ink is a television show on TLC about tattoos.

Edmontonia
Edmontonia was a very protected dinosaur, nodosaur family from Late Cretaceous Period.

Adaminaby
Adaminaby  is a town in southeast New South Wales, Australia.

Tropical Storm Delta (2005)
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected Canaryds Morocco as a strong extratropical storm.

High Mighty Color
High Mighty Color  is a rock band Music Entertainment.

Fall Man
The Fall Man  is story in book Genesis in Torah  when Adam Eve, in God's eyes, lostir innocence.

Colorado River
The Colorado River is a river in southwestern United States northwestern Mexico.

Cola
Cola is carbonated drink made from kola nut.

Slash (musician)
Saul Hudson  is a guitarist.

Hurricane Beta (2005)
Hurricane Beta was twenty-thirdd storm, fourteenth hurricane, major hurricane 2005tic hurricane season.

Billie Joe Armstrong
Billie Joe Armstrong is lead singer guitarist for punk rock band Green Day.

Thece Being Earnest
Thece Of Being Earnest is a play by Oscar Wilde.

Fault
Fault is wherething goes wrong it is's responsibility.

Puerto Cabezas
Puerto Cabezas is a city in Nicaragua.

Tegucigalpa
Tegucigalpa is capital city Honduras.

Zappanale
Theale is a music festival held every year in honour musician composerk Zappa.

Burlington Airpark
Burlington Airpark  is a two runway airport located in Burlington, Ontario.

Pratibha Patil
Pratibha Patil  is is now India's president.

Lily
A lily is a type flowering plant.

Tropical Storm Zeta (2005)
Tropical Storm Zeta was twenty-eighth last storm 2005tic hurricane season.

Dan Fogelberg
Daniel Grayling "Dan" Fogelberg  was an singer, songwriter multi-instrumentalist, whose music was inspired by sources as diverse as folk, pop, classical, jazz, bluegrass music.

Lettuce
Lettuce is a vegetable that is very healthy to eat.

Hadrosaurus
"Hadrosaurus"  was a dubious genus hadrosaurid dinosaur from Cretaceous period.

El Niño
El Niño in meteorology is a temperature change that happens every few years over Pacific.

William Shatner
William Shatner  is a actor who gained fame for playing "James Tiberius Kirk" "USS Enterprise" in television show "Star Trek" from 1966 to 1969 in seven more movies.

Yeardley Smith
Martha Maria Yeardley Smith  is an Emmy Award-winning actress voice actor who isll known for giving voice Lisa Simpson on animated television series "The Simpsons".

Denise Richards
Denise Lee Richards  is an actress fashion model.

Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd  is an actress.

Barbarawyck
Barbarawyck  was an actress film, stage, television.

Brooke Shields
Brooke Christa Camille Shields  is an actress supermodel.

Fujita scale
The Fujita scale, is a scale tornado strength, based on damage tornadoes cause on human-built buildings vegetation.

Ticino
Canton Ticino Ticino  is southernmost cantond.

Ticino river
The Ticino river is a river thatiginates in Alps, near Nufenen.

Po River
The Po  is a river that flows 652 kilometers  eastward across northern Italy, from Monviso  to Adriatic Sea near Venice.

Cristiano Ronaldo
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro , , better known aso Ronaldo, is a footballer.

Oaxaca
Oaxaca is States in Mexico.

Basic Law Federal Republicy
The Basic Law Federal Republicy isy's constitution.

Oaxaca de Juárez
Oaxaca de Juárez is capital city state Oaxaca.

Main Page/Test 1
__NOTOC__ .

Pope John Paul II/VGA stub
Pope John Paul II was born in Wadowice,d on May 18, 1920 as Karol Józef Wojtyła died on April 2, 2005.

Jimi Hendrix/VGA stub
Jimi Hendrix, born Jamesall Hendrix,  was an guitarist.

Saturn (planet)/VGA stub
Saturn is planet from Sun.

Armadillo
Armadillos are placental mammals, known for having a bony armor shell.

Niacin
Niacin is a vitamin.

Octagon
An Octagon is a shape.

Super Concrete Mixer (Book)
Super Concrete Mixer is a, 10-paged book for children.

Registration
Registration is a methodficially recordingthing.

Eschweiler
Eschweiler is a town in state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Tropical Storm Arlene (2005)
Tropical Storm Arlene wasd storm 2005tic hurricane season.

Sirenia
Sirenia is ader herbivorous mammals.

Keihan Main Line
The Main Line  is a railway line Electric Railway.

Sanjo Station (Kyoto)
Sanjō Station  is main Electric Railway station in Kyoto.

Tony Parker
William Anthony "Tony" Parker  is a French basketball player who is Longoria.

Kawaramachi Eki
Kawaramachi Station  is terminal station Hankyu Kyoto Line Hankyu Railway in Kyoto,.

Girlfriend (Avril Lavigne song)
"Girlfriend" is a song by Avril Lavigne.

M×0
"M×0"  is a comedy manga series by author Yasuhiro Kanō .

Chip Douglas
Chip Douglas  is an musician songwriter.

Henry Wood
Sir Henry Wood  was an conductor.

Divine grace
Inity Divine Grace means a favour God for humankind.

Proxy server
In computer networks, a proxy server is a server which clients use to access other computers.

Client
In net jargon  a client is a computer used by a user to connect to a network make requests to servers.

Cache
Caching is a term used in Computer science.

Open Directory Project
The Open Directory Project , also known as dmoz, is an online directory that lists valuedb sites based onir subject.

Web directory
A Web directory is absite.

File sharing
File sharing is practice making files available for other users to download overet networks.

Ammonium sulfide
Ammonium sulfide, also know as "stink bomb" is made up a solution ammonium sulfide in water, sealed inside a glass ampoule .

Metre per
Metre per is an SI unit measurement both speed velocity.

Hydroxide
Hydroxide in chemistry is a given to diatomic anion OH−, made up oxygen hydrogen atoms.

Cyclone
Cyclone in meteorology refers to any low pressure area with winds spiraling inwards.

Eye (cyclone)
The eye is an area calmather located in center strong tropical cyclones.

Glasgow Coma Scale
Glasgow Coma Scale GCS is an scale which is consciousness a person.

Habsburg
Habsburg was a family dukes, kings, monarchs.

Rhodesia
Rhodesia was a colony United Kingdom.

Westminster
Westminster is a London, in United Kingdom.

Ostara
Ostara is eight festivals held bys every year.

Megalosaurus
Megalosaurus was a genuse meat-eatingropod dinosaur Middle Jurassic Period Europe.

Parliament United Kingdom
The Parliament United Kingdom Great Britaind is highest legislative body in United Kingdom overseas territories.

Silicon dioxide
Silicon dioxide, also known as silica, is a chemical compound, oxide silicon.

Metallic hydrogen
Metallic hydrogen is an alkali metal made from hydrogen gas.

Giovanni Domenico Cassini
Giovanni Domenico Cassini, also known as-Dominique Cassini,  was an-French astronomer, engineer astrologer.

Christiaan Huygens
Christiaan Huygens  was a Dutch physicist, mathematician astronomer, born in The Hague.

Hyperion (moon)
Hyperion is a moon Saturn, discovered on September 16, 1848 by Williamch Bond, George Phillips Bond William Lassell.

Iapetus (moon)
Iapetus is ae moon Saturn.

Nadezhda Mandelstam
Nadezhda Yakovlevna Mandelstam was born Nadezhda Yakovlevna Hazin in Saratov on 31 October, 1899 died on 29 December, 1980) was a writer wife poet Osip Mandelstam.

Andrew Carnegie
Andrew Carnegie  was a businessman.

Bundesrat (Germany)
The Bundesrat is parliamenty.

Minister-President
A minister-president  is head government in a number countries subnational governments, who presides over council ministers.

Edward Rendell
Edward Gene "Ed" Rendell  is an politician member Democratic Party.

Jacques de
Jacques de  was a French civil engineer, geologist archaeologist.

Struthiomimus
Struthiomimus was a long-legged, ostrich-like dinosaurnithomimidae family, which lived in area that is now Alberta, Canada, during late Cretaceous period, approximately 75 millon years ago.

Prehistoric Armenia
The prehistory Armenia means people in land Armenia.

Royal Albert Hall
The Royal Albert Hall Arts Sciences, usually just called Royal Albert Hall, is a very building in City Westminster, London,d.

Home run
A home run is a word in baseball for when batter hits ball touches all bases without an error being made by team on defense.

City-state
In history a city-state was a city which was also a independent country.

Styracosaurus
Styracosaurus was a genus herbivorus ceratopsian dinosaur from Cretaceous period, is about 76.5 to 75 million years ago.

School colors
School colors are colors representing school which goes to.

Hebrew calendar
The Hebrew Calendar is calendar used in Judaism.

Moldavia
Moldavia  is a region in South Europe.

Smothers Brothers
The Smothers Brothers are an folk music comedy duo, made up real-life brothers Tom  Dick Smothers.

Lorenzo Music
Lorenzo "Jerry" Music was an voice actor.

Ingmar
  was a stage film director.

Baryonyx
Baryonyx was a carnivorous dinosaur discovered in clay pits just south Dorking,d, northern Spain.

CSU
Any following universities university systems .

Colorado State University
Colorado State University is a public land grant university located in Fort Collins, Colorado in United States.

Heat capacity
Heat capacity is a measure how muchthing can store up heat as it changes temperature.

Pope John I
Pope John I  was leader, pope early community.

Choreographer
A Choreographer is a person who makes dances.

Limonite
Limonite is a mineral, from which trace amounts iron can be extracted.

Bad Godesburg
Bad Godesberg is a district city Bonn in southern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Consulate
A consulate is aficialfice a country in another.

Diplomatic immunity
Diplomatic immunity means that laws a host country do not apply to people who work in embassies consulates another country.

The Illusionist
"The Illusionist" is an Academy Award-nominated period drama written directed by Neil Burger featuring Edward Norton, Jessica Biel, Paul Giamatti.

My (anthem)
The national anthem is called "My".

Flag convenience
Flag convenience is a word from shipping.

Pizza Pizza
Pizza Pizza is a fast food pizza restaurant with locations throughout Ontario, Canada.

Dipole
Dipole can mean two things in physics.

AFI (band)
AFI , is an alternative rock band from Ukiah, California thated in 1991.

Scientific notation
Scientific notation, also known as standard, is a notation for writing numbers that isten used by scientists mathematicians to make it easier to writee numbers.

Socialist Unity Partyy
The Socialist Unity Partyy   was governingy Easty from 1949, when Easty was created, until elections 1990.

Buck World
"Buck World" is album by rapper Young Buck.

Samaveda
Samaveda is in usualder four Vedas, ancient core Hindu scriptures.

Johannes Rau
Johannes Rau  was a politician SPD.

Peridot
Peridot  is gem quality version mineral olivine.

Archivist
An archivist is a professional who collects,ganizes, preserves, maintains control over, provides access to information long-term value.

Roman Herzog
Roman Herzog  is a politician  was Presidenty from 1994 to 1999.

Voltaic pile
The voltaic pile was battery ever.

Arshile Gorky
Vostanik,   was an painter that had great influence on Abstract Expressionism.

Voltmeter
A voltmeter is an instrument voltage.

Powderfinger
Powderfinger is a rock band frome, Australia.

Schizanthus
Schizanthus  is a genus flowering plants in nightshade family "Solanaceae".

Hadith
The word hadith means any report collectionthing Prophet Muhammed either said did.

Fengyuan City
Fengyuan City is located in north-central Taichung County in on south bank Dajia River.

Billy Cox
Billy Cox is a bassist, known for playing with guitarist Jimi Hendrix.

Clarksville
One places known as Clarksville is in Newd .

Clarksville, Newd
Clarksville is a township.

The Animals
The Animalsre an music group, whore popular in 1960s.

Autograph
An autograph is writing written only in handwriting its author, it is not typing.

Stevie Ray
Stephen "Stevie" Ray  was an blues guitarist.

Didsbury
Didsbury is a village 5-6 miles south Manchester city centre.

Burnage
Burnage is a suburb City Manchester in North Westd.

Longsight
Longsight is an area in City Manchester, in North Westd.

Levenshulme
Levenshulme is an urban area Manchester, in North Westd on borders Longsight, Gorton, Burnage Stockport.

Gorton
Gorton is a district Manchester ind.

Stockport
Stockport is ae town in Greater Manchester, North Westd.

Withington
Withington is a district city Manchester, in North West,d.

Fallowfield
Fallowfield is an area city Manchester,d.

Harrisonburg, Virginia
Harrisonburg is an independent city.

Hereditary monarchy
A hereditary monarchy is a type government where a monarch  becomes monarch because he she is monarch.

River Mersey
The River Mersey is a river in northstd.

Acid rock
Acid rock is a rock music, focusing mainly on hallucinations drugs.

Fender Stratocaster
The Fender Stratocaster, also called a Strat, is a type electric guitar made by Leo Fender Freddie Tavares in early 1950s, are being made still today.

Merseyside
Merseyside is a metropolitan county in North Westd, with a population 1,365,900.

Metropolitan Borough Wirral
Wirral is a metropolitan borough in Merseyside, North Westd, which occupies northern Wirral Peninsula, more commonly known as Wirral.

Erin Sanders
Erin Zariah Sanders  is an actress.

Reproduction
Reproduce is to create recreatething.

Blues rock
Blues Rock is a type music which mixes blues with rock roll, usesly electric guitar as a main instrument.

Metropolitan borough
A metropolitan borough  is a type local government district ind covers urban areas within metropolitan counties.

Carly Patterson
Carly Rae Patterson  an gymnast .

Localment Act 1972
The Localment Act 1972 (1972 c.

Act Parliament
An Act Parliament Act is law enacted by parliament .

Legislation
Legislation  is law which has been created by a legislature other governing body.

Bill (proposed law)
A bill is a proposed new law introduced within a legislature that has not been adopted.

List popes by length reign
Pope  is several churches give toir highest spiritual leader.

Webkinz
Webkinz are stuffed animals.

List ages popes
This article comprises lists Popes Catholic Church.</onlyinclude> Pope  in usually means head Catholic Church.

Towradgi
Towradgi is a suburb, north Wollongong.

ACID
ACID is a concept used with Databases.

Database transaction
With Databases, a transaction is a point wherere is interaction with database.

Aargau
 is more northerly cantonsd.

Municipalitiesds
Theds have in 2009 441 municipalities in twelve provinces.

Provincesds
The modern dayds are provinces .

Flevoland
Flevoland is provincesds.

Northt
Northt  is a provinceds, located in south country, bordered by Belgium in south, Meuse River  in north, Limburg in eastd inst.

Localment Act 1985
The Localment Act 1985 was an Act Parliament in United Kingdom.

Greater London Council
The Greater London Council  was local government administrative body for Greater London from 1965 to 1986.

Greater London Authority
The Greater London Authority  controls 1579 km² (610 sq.

Mayor London
The Mayor London is an elected politician in London.

Rock Roll Hall Fame
The Rock Roll Hall Fame Museum is a museum ind, Ohio, United States, which has information on history-known influential artists, producers, other people who have in major way influenced music industry,ly in area rock music.

Muddy Waters
McKinleyfield , Muddy Waters, was an blues musician is considered "the Father Chicago blues".

Deal No Deal
Deal No Deal is a game show in more than 40 countries on world created by John de Mol.

Lightning Hopkins
Sam "Lightnin'" Hopkins  was a country blues guitar musician, from Houston, Texas.

Lord Mayor London
"The Right Honourable" Lord Mayor London is Mayor City London head Corporation London.

Little Richard
Richard Wayne , better known as Little Richard, is an singer, songwriter, pianist, who began playing in 1940s recorded his songs from 1951.

Monterey Pop Festival
The Montereyational Pop Music Festival took place from June 16 to June 18, 1967.

I Have a Dream
I Have a Dream is a speech given by Martin Luther King, Jr.

Secret Intelligence Service
The Secret Intelligence Service , commonly known as MI6 , is United Kingdom's intelligence agency to deal with other countries.

Banksia
Banksia is a genus plants common to Australia,yred after Joseph Banks.

Fairy
A fairy færie  is a supposed magical being that flies in air.

1376
1376 was a leap year starting on Tuesday  calendar.

1379
1379 was a common year starting on Saturday  calendar.

1385
1385 was a common year starting on Sunday  calendar.

1386
1386 was a common year starting on Monday  calendar.

London County Council
London County Council  was principal local government body for County London, during its whole existence , London-wide general municipal authority that was directly elected.

Denomination (currency)
When dealing with money, denomination is value individual currency.

Simulation
A simulation is a way seeing a thing happen without it actually taking place in same way.

Peter, Paul Mary
Peter, Paul Mary are a folk music group, famous during 1960s.

Jennifer Warnes
Jennifer Warnes is an singer.

Super Friends
Super Friends is an cartoon television series about a team superheroes which ran from 1973 to 1986 on ABC as its Saturday morning cartoon lineup.

Warrabah National Park
Warrabah is a national park in New South Wales , 371 km north Sydney.

Shepreth
Shepreth is a village in Southire on main line between Cambridge London.

Everest College
Blair College is now Everest College a for-profit college in Colorado Springs, Colorado.

74 Galatea
74 Galatea  is ae asteroid located betweenbits Mars Jupiter.

Ilocos
Ilocos collectively refers to two Provinces in Philippines: Ilocos Norte Ilocos Sur.

Bill Medley
Bill Medley  is an singer songwriter.

Adventure
An adventure isthing exciting that happens toone.

Broom (shrub)
Brooms are a group evergreen, semi-evergreen, deciduous shrubs.

Broom
A broom is a cleaning tool.

Broom (disambiguation)
A broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses, e.g.

Cleanliness
Cleanliness means thatre is no dirt, no dust, no stains, no bad smells clutter.

Washing
Washing is way cleaning, with waterten soap detergent.

The
The is square-mouthed estuary on northwest margin East Anglia on east coastd, "where Norfolk meetsire".

Thar Desert
The Thar Desert , also known as Great Desert, is a desert located instern India southeastern.

List shrubs
List shrubs .

Thyme
Thyme   is a genus perennial plants.

Distribution
The word distribution has several meanings .

Distributed computing
Distributed computing is a word from computer science, about using many computers to solve a problem.

Frequency distribution
This simple table has two drawbacks.

British overseas territories
A Overseas Territory is fourteen territories which United Kingdom considers to be under its sovereignty, but not as United Kingdom itself.

Promenade concert
The word Promenade Concert today usually refers to concerts in series started by Henry Wood in 1895, known today as BBC Proms.

1392
Year 1392 was a leap year starting on Monday.

1396
Year 1396 was a leap year starting on Saturday.

1420
Year 1420 was a leap year starting on Monday.

1424
Year 1424 was a leap year starting on Saturday.

1432
Year 1432 was a leap year starting on Tuesday.

National Air Traffic Services
The United Kingdom's National Air Traffic Services  is a company set up in 2001 to run air traffic control services.

Fantasy (disambiguation)
Fantasy a cruise ship built by Carnival Cruises, which currently sails News to.

Czech Airlines
Czech Airlines wased as Czechoslovak State Airlines on 6 October 1923.

ITU Computer Engineering Department
The computer engineering education atbul Technical University has started as a "Control Computer Engineering Department" in Electrical Electronics Faculty in 1980.

Arika Yumemiya
Arika Yumemiya is a fictional protagonist from anime "My-Otome".

Protagonist
A protagonist is a main character a story.

That's So Raven
"That's So Raven" is aniginal Disney television comedy series.

Russian Armenia
Russian Armenia  is time Armenia's history under rule from 1829, when Armenia became Empire to start Democratic Republic Armenia in 1918.

Ruben Studdard
Ruben Studdard  is an singer who won season 2 Idol.

Monocotyledon
Monocotyledons are a class flowering plants , whose embryo  store only cotyledon.

Hornsby
Hornsby is a suburb shire located in northern Sydney.

Glen Campbell
Glen Campbell  is an musician singer.

Symphony no 7 (Shostakovich)
"Symphony No.

Persian Armenia
Persian Armenia means land ruled by Persia in time.

Iuridictum
Iuridictum is an encyclopedia about law in Czech language made with a wiki, which means that anyone can change encyclopedia create new articles.

Potential
A potential is aly possibility thatthing will be able to happen.

Rena Searrs
Rena Searrs, in fictional anime My-Otome, was a otome king Windbloom, but she died from a war 14 years ago.

Nina Wang
Nina Wang is a fictional character from anime "My-Otome." Background.

Kidnapping
Kidnapping is an illegal act stealing people.

Gurkha
Gurkhas are Nepali citizens.

Moses Chorene
Moses Chorene  is known as author important mediaeval history.

Decimal
The decimal  numeral system has ten as its base.

Numeral system
A numeral system  is a framework where a set numbers are represented by "numerals" in a consistent manner.

Mashiroa
Mashiroa is a main character in anime My-HiME.

Chairperson
A chairperson is a person who represents a school - usually a university - a religion.

NEXTSTEP
NEXTSTEP was a computer operating system made by a company called NeXT.

Darwin (operating system)
Darwin is a free, open source operating system made by Apple Inc.

Graduation
Graduation is confirmation finishing an academy.

Loyalty
Loyalty is a devotion foronething.

ITunes
iTunes is a media player made by Apple.

AAC
AAC is a fileat for storing music other sounds.

WMA
WMA is a fileat for storing music.

List Places in My-Otome
These are fictional places in anime "My-Otome." Windbloom.

Regatta
A regatta is a term either a boat race, series boat races.

Touchscreen
A touchscreen touch screen is a screen that you can touch with your finger a stylus pen to use, instead with a mouse keyboard.

My-HiME
"My-Hime"  is an anime made by Sunrise Inc.

Zodiac
The Zodiac is twelve constellations in animals humans.

Artemis Fowl (series)
As books advance, more attention is given to moral progressiveness main character, Artemis Fowl II .

Lee Hazlewood
Lee Hazlewood  was an country singer, songwriter, record producer.

Decimal separator
The decimal separator is a symbol border between integral fractionals a decimal numeral.

MPEG
The Moving Picture Experts Group, MPEG for, is a group people that figure ways to put music video onto computers.

Princess bint Al Hussein
Princess bint Al Hussein  is daughter late King Hussein Queen Noor.

Clannad
Clannad are a musical group from Gweedore, in County Donegal, which is in north-westd.

Nicole Vaidisova
Nicole Vaidišová is a professional female tennis player.

ASDFGHJKL
Home keys .

Tatiana Golovin
Tatiana Golovin is a professional female tennis player.

Home keys
On a QWERTY keyboard, letters "ASDFGHJKL" semicolon  are called home keys,times home row.

Arzashkun
Arzashkun  was located north Lake Van, double walled with towers.

Caucasus Mountains
The Caucasus Mountains is a mountain range in Eurasia.

Hayk
Hayk , in legend, was founder nation.

Mol
Mol is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Maya (software)
"Maya" is a 3D computer graphics application.

Gerry Adams
Gerard Adams  is an politician.

Northernd Assembly
Thed Legislative Assembly was set up after Belfast Agreement to allow peopled runir own government pass laws .

Northernd Office
Thed Office was set up in 1971.

Cyprian
Saint  was bishop Carthage.

Flag Cyprus
The flag Cyprus is flag, show, Cyprus.

Simon Barere
Simon Barere  was a pianist.

Tomsk
Tomsk  is a city, administrative center Tomsk Oblast.

Intelligent design
Intelligent Design is idea that universe is not simple enough to be made by nature.

Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi
Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi   was ai author, spiritual leader Founderational Spiritual Movement-e-Islam.

International Spiritual Movement-e-Islam
International Spiritual Movement-e-Islam   is a-basedganisation.

Roman Curia
The Curia  is usually called "The Curia".

Malam Adamu, Sarkin Duguri
Malam Adamu was titled head Duguri district in present day Bauchi State during 1950s.

In God We Trust
"In God We Trust" is national mottos United States.

Apostolic Nunciature
An Apostolic Nunciature is embassy Holy See in a foreign country.

Software development
Software development is process creating a computer software.

Gag reflex
Gag reflex is a normal reflex in human, that prevents passage anything from throat, except during normal swallowing.

Flame
A flame is visible a fire.

Kaliningrad
Kaliningrad , is a seaport administrative center Kaliningrad Oblast, exclave betweendia on Baltic Sea.

Roller derby
Roller derby is a sport played on roller skates.

Sargon Akkad
!style="color: #000000; background-color: #C1D8FF; font-size: 120%" align="center" colspan="3" |Sargon Sargon was people in recorded history to create an empire, multi-ethnic state.

Judea
Judea Judaea  is a term southern West Bank.

Incubation period
Incubation period is a term used in medicine.

The New Yorker
"The New Yorker" is an magazine that publishes articles, essays, stories, cartoons about many topics.

Cataplexy
Cataplexy is a medical condition.

Sustainability
Sustainability means that a process state can be maintained at a certain level indefinitely.

Brundtland Commission
Thed Commission was created by United Nations in 1983 to reflect about ways to save human environment natural resources prevent deterioration economic social development.

Moslehi
Moslehi  is now 21-year old boy fromdaj, who is facing execution for "adultery" .

Climate change
Climate change means variation in Earth's global climate in regional climates over time.

Gro Harlemd
  is a politician, diplomat, physician, an international leader in sustainable development public health.

Allentown,ia
Allentown is a city located in Lehigh County,ia, in United States.

Mia Rose
Mia Rose  is a YouTube artist who sings.

Mir
Mir was a space station created by Soviet Union later by Russia.

May Queen
The May Queen Queen May is a word which has two different but related meanings.

Mutual fund
A mutual fund is a investment that uses money from many investors to invest in stocks, bonds other types investment.

Modular Audio Recognition Framework
Modular Audio Recognition Framework  is a computer program that tries to understand voice, sound, speech, text human language in general.

Fullmetal Alchemist
Fullmetal Alchemist  is a popular manga Anime series created by Hiromu Arakawa serialized in Enix's  "Monthly Shonen".

My Dying Bride
My Dying Bride is a doom metal band from Westire.

Modular
Something is modular when it consists two more pieces that are easy to replace.

Framework
Framework is a term describing established practices in a society, science, software development, hardware design that can be repeatedly problems.

Documentation
Documentation isthing that people read for instructions information on how to do use things.

Bobby pin
A bobby pin is a clip that goes in's hair to hold individual strands hair in place.

Pre-production
Pre-production is time before making a movie, play, other performance when all things that will be it are prepared.

Flax
Flax   is a plant.

Finite set
In mathematics, a finite set is a set that has a certain number elements.

Vikram Samvat
The Vikram era, Vikram samvat is an calendar starting in 57 BC.

Cardinality
In mathematics, cardinality a set means number its elements.

Mitre
A mitre is a tall hat worn by bishops.

Boňkov
Boňkov is a village near Herálec in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Utopia (book)
"Utopia" is a book.

Order Empire
The Most Excellent Order Empire isders chivalry.

Slavníč
Slavníč is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic by Highway D1.

Milan Nakonečný
Milan Nakonečný  is Czech psychologist  historian.

Skorkov
Skorkov is village near in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Antonín Klimek
Antonín Klimek  was Czech historian.

Neon Genesisgelion
Neon Genesisgelion  is a influential popular anime manga that began in 1995.

Edward VIII United Kingdom
Edward VIII  was King United Kingdom from January 20, 1936 until December 11, 1936.

Václav Benda
Václav Benda  was Czech right-wing anticommunist politician.

County borough
A county borough was a type local government district ind until abolished in 1974.

Andie MacDowell
Andie MacDowell  is an movie actress.

Goths
The Goths re an Eastic tribe.

Arianism
Arianism is aity.

Ripening
Ripening is when fruit becomes easier to eat.

HTTP cookie
HTTP cookies are files text sent by a server to ab browser.

Chinese calendar
The calendar is a lunisolar calendar.

Music for Royal Fireworks
Music for Royal Fireworks is a group five pieces forchestra composed by George Frideric Handel in 1749.

Thora Birch
Thora Birch  is an actress.

Sophia Loren
Sophia Loren  is a movieatre, actress, considered by many to be popular actress.

Helen Hunt
Helen Elizabeth Hunt  is an actress who has won Emmy, Golden Globe Academy Award, very famous for her role in television sitcom "Mad About You".

Jane Seymour (actress)
Jane Seymour OBE  is an actress, maybe famous today as co-star James Bond movie "Live Let Die" star TV series movie "Dr.

Goldie Hawn
Goldiene Hawn  is an actress, director producer.

Meg
Meg  is an actress who has made many romantic comedies, but has also worked in other film genres drama mystery.

Dennis Quaid
Dennis William Quaid  is an actor.

British Academy Film Television Arts
The Academy Film Television Arts  is aganisation that gives awards at a special show every year, for film, television, children's film television, media.

Essay
An essay is a written text.

Black Beauty
"Black Beauty" is given to a children's book by Anna Sewell.

Matilda (novel)
Matilda is a novel by Roald Dahl.

Leonard Nimoy
Leonard Simon Nimoy  is an actor, film director, poet, musician photographer.

Hayden Christensen
Hayden Christensen  is a actor.

Stand-up comedy
Stand-up comedy is a style comedy where comedian speaks directly to audience.

Car wash
A car wash is a facility exterior,times interior, automobiles.

2007 Universal Forum Cultures
The Universal Forum Cultures Monterrey 2007 is an international civil-society event that will take place in city Monterrey, Mexico.

Mesencephalon
In biological anatomy, mesencephalon  is middle three vesicles that arise from neural tube thats brain developing animals.

Dakota Fanning
Dakota Fanning  is an child actress, famous for her starring role in movie "Dreamer".

Rhombencephalon
The rhombencephalon  is a fors central nervous system in vertebrates.

Spanish Broom
Spanish Broom ("Spartium junceum", syn.

Salvia
"Salvia" is a genus in mint family, Lamiaceae.

Common sage
Common sage  is a evergreen subshrub, with woody stems, grayish leaves, blue to purplish flowers that grows in southern Europe region.

List Salvia species
This is a list species in genus "Salvia".

Subshrub
A subshrub  is a woody perennial plant.

Vinca
"Vinca"  is a genus five species in family Apocynaceae, that grows in Europe, northwest Africa southwest Asia.

Shikoku (dog)
The Shikoku is a breed dog.

Eddie Murphy
Edward "Eddie" Murphy  is an actor comedian who has won Golden Globe Award in 2006 was Award in 2001.

Jennifer Connelly
Jennifer Lynn Connelly  is an film actress.

Judyd
Judyd  was an film actress singer, very famous for her role as "Dorothy Gale" in "The Wizard Oz" .

Liza Minelli
Liza May Minnelli  is an actress singer, who has won Oscar Tony Award, also many others.

2007tic hurricane season
The 2007tic hurricane season is period tropical cyclones that happened in year 2007.

Yul Brynner
Yul Brynner  was a Broadway Hollywood actor.

Robert Redford
Robert Redford (born Charles Robert Redford, Jr.

Salvia pratensis
"Salvia pratensis"  is a perennial sage in family Lamiaceae, that grows in Europe,stern Asia northern Africa.

Raymond Burr
Raymond William Stacey Burr  was a actor vintner, famous for his roles in television dramas "Perry Mason", for which he was awarded two Emmys, "Ironside".

Michelle Pfeiffer
Michelle Marie Pfeiffer  is an actress, famous in all world, who has been three times.

Plant stem
A stem is two main structural axes a vascular plant.

NNDB
NNDB, standing for Notable Names Database, produced by Soylent Communications, is an online database biographical information notable people.

Vascular plant
The vascular plants, tracheophytes higher plants are plants in kingdomtae that have specialized tissues for conducting water, minerals, photosynthetic products through plant.

Treaty on Final Settlement with Respect toy
The Treaty on Final Settlement with Respect toy  istimes called 2 + 4 Treaty.

Non-vascular plant
Non-vascular plants is a general term for plants without a vascular system .

Vascular tissue
Vascular tissue is a complex tissue found in vascular plants.

Phloem
In vascular plants, phloem is living tissue made up tubes which carry watery sap containing sugar otherganic nutrients to alls plant where nutrients are, stored until needed.

Walter Matthau
Walter Matthau  was an comedy actor, famous for his role as "Oscar Madison" in "The Odd Couple" his many collaborations with fellow "Odd Couple" star Jack Lemmon.

Susandon
Susandon  is an actress.

Tim Robbins
Timothycis Robbins  is an actor, screenwriter, director, producer, activist amateur musician.

Tigran
Tigran was a famous composer founder opera institution in Empire.

Jamie Lee Curtis
Jamie Lee Curtis  is an movie actress a writer books for children.

People's Republic
People's Republic  is a for a communist, usually Marxist-Leninist country.

Michael J. Fox
Michael J.

Stomach flu
Gastroenteritis, more commonly known as stomach flu is a type flu which causes nausea, vomiting,times soreness throat fatigue.

Hurt (Christina Aguilera song)
Hurt is a song sung by Christina Aguilera, from her 2006 album "Back to Basics".

Christopher Reeve
Christopher D'Olier Reeve was an actor, director, producer writer.

Movie producer
A movie producer creates conditions for making movies.

Television pilot
Television pilot, usually called just a "pilot", is a test episode made to sell a television series.

James
James Montgomery  was a actor famous for his role as "Montgomery "Scotty" Scott" in television movie series "Star Trek".

Javanese language
The language is a language.

Michael Douglas
Michael Kirk Douglas  is an actor producer, specially on movies television, who came to fame as "Insp.

Kirk Douglas
Kirk Douglas  is an actor film producer who has acted in many Hollywood's greatest movies all time, "Spartacus".

James Stewart
Jamesd Stewart  was famous movie stage actors all times.

James Cagney
Jamescis Cagney, Jr.

Spencer Tracy
Spencer Tracy  was an film stage actor who appeared in 74 films from 1930 to 1967.

Gary Cooper
Gary Cooper  was an film actor.

James Edward Keeler
James Edward Keeler  was an astronomer.

Cassini-Huygens
Cassini–Huygens is a robotic spacecraft mission made together by NASA/ESA/ASI, that is now studying planet Saturn its moons.

Fern
A fern is any a group about 20,000 species plants classified in division Pteridophyta, also known as Filicophyta.

Horror film
Horror movies are movies in which strange frightening things happen.

Laurenceburne
Laurenceburne III  is an actor moviesater, playwright, director, producer.

Martin Sheen
Martin Sheen  is an actor.

Marlene Dietrich
Marlene Dietrich;  was a actress, singer, entertainer.

Northern
Northern,, is a Turkey in Middle East.

Mount Etna
Mount Etna is an active volcano on east coast Sicily, southern Italy.

Western
Western,, is a divided in Middle East.

Eastern
Eastern is unofficial fors inhabited by Kurds.

John Terry
John George Terry is an professional football player.

Umbrella (song)
"Umbrella" is a R&B song performed byna features Jay-Z fromna's album "Good Girl Gone Bad".

Shirley MacLaine
Shirley MacLaine  is an movieatre actress, famous not only for her acting, but for her strong belief in reincarnation.

Crown dependency
A crown dependency is a special type state.

Lieutenancies Act 1997
Thecies Act 1997 (1997 c.

Meristem
A meristem is a tissue in all plants that consists meristematic cells.

Vascular cambium
The vascular cambium is a lateral meristem.

Cork cambium
Cork cambium is a tissue in many vascular plants as bark .

Cork (material)
Cork is a material that is use primarily from bark Cork Oak tree.

Cork oak
The Cork Oak  is a medium-sized, evergreen oak tree in section "Quercus" sect.

Acorn
The acorn is fruit oak tree.

President Belarus
Beginning in 1994, President is leader country Belarus.

Jay
The jays are several species medium-sized, usually noisy birds in crow family Corvidae.

Clubmoss
Lycopodiopsida is a class plantsten loosely grouped as fern allies, includes clubmosses.

Equisetum
"Equisetum" , is a genus vascular plants that reproduce by spores not by seeds.

Green algae
Green algae are microscopic protists.

Brackish water
Brackish water  is salt fresh water mixed together.

Flagellate
Flagellates are cells with more whip-likeganelles called flagella.

Sustainable energy
Sustainable energy involves both energy efficiency renewable energy.

Neoprene
Neoprene is DuPontce Elastomers trade for a family synthetic rubbers based on polychloroprene .

Pioneer 11
Pioneer 11  was mission to visit Jupiter mission to visit Saturn.

Medical Tourism
Medical Tourism is given to a new health care industry.

Burrowing Parakeet
The Burrowing Parakeet  is a species parrot in Psittacidae family.

Aquifer
An aquifer is an underground layer where material contains water.

Voyager 2
Voyager 2 is a spacecraft used by NASA to explore Jupiter, Saturn,us, Neptune.

World Party Day
World Party Day  is celebrated on April 3 as a synchronized global mass celebration a better world creation desirable reality.

Tony Curtis
Tony Curtis  is an film actor.

Jack Lemmon
John Uhler "Jack" Lemmon III , was a famous actor director who received many awards in his long career.

Errol Flynn
Errol Leslie Thomson Flynn  was an movie actor, born in Australia, very famous for his romantic hero roles in Hollywood movies "Captain Blood" , "The Adventures Robin Hood" , "Adventures Don" .

David Niven
David Niven  was an actor.

Rudolph Valentino
Rudolph Valentino  was an actor silent movies.

Raquel Welch
Jo Raquel Tejada , usually called by her artistic Raquel Welch, is an actress model who became famous during 1960s as women in Hollywood.

Rita Hayworth
Margarita Carmen Cansino, usually called as Rita Hayworth , was an actressigin who became famous during 1940s as greatest sex symbol years.

Tommy Lee Jones
Tommy Lee Jones  is an actor director.

James Garner
James Garner  is an movie television actor.

Anthony Quinn
Anthony Quinn  was a actor, asll as a painter writer.

Rock Hudson
Rock Hudson  was a popular film television actor, famous for his looks remembered as a romantic star during 1950s 1960s, specially several movies where he appeared with actress Doris Day.

Olivia ded
Olivia Mary ded  is an actress is only living star "Gone with Wind", butre are also actors with roles in said movie who are still alive.

Woody Allen
Woody Allen  is an film director, writer, actor, jazz musician, comedian, playwright, who has won Academy Award three times, asll as many others in his very long career.

Maximus Confessor
Saint Maximus Confessor   was a monk,ologian, scholar.

Toraja people
The Toraja are an ethnic group, indigenous to a South Sulawesi, Indonesia.

Backmasking
Backmasking  is a recording technique.

Separation powers
Separation Powers means that three branches government are separated.

Exclusionary rule
The Exclusionary rule is a rule in United States constitutional law.

Chitin
Chitin is a semitransparent material that is main component exoskeletons arthropods, such as crustaceans (e.g.

Radula
The radula is toothed chitinous ribbon in mouth mollusks, that can be compared with tongue human beings.

Exoskeleton
An exoskeleton supports protects an animal's body fromside not internal endoskeleton - for example human beings - from inside.

High Force
High Force is Britain's great waterfalls.

Adetokunbo Ademola
Adetokunbo Adegboyega Ademola KBE was a judge Chief Justice Nigeria .

Endoskeleton
An endoskeleton is a structure that holds an animal from inside.

Kayfabe
In professional wrestling,thing that is "kayfabe" is not real,thing that is "acted" not happening in real life.

Bruce Willis
Walter Bruce Willis  is an actor singer.

Zoospore
A "zoospore" is an asexual spore that uses a flagellum for moving around.

Gamete
A gamete is a specialized sex cell that fuses with another gamete during fertilization  inganisms that reproduce sexually.

Morphology (biology)
The term morphology in biology meansward appearance  anganism taxon itss.

Taxon
A taxon , taxonomic unit, is a that means anganism groupganisms.

Domain (biology)
In biological taxonomy, a domain  is a taxon in highest rankganisms, higher than a kingdom.

Keratin
Keratins are a family fibrous structural proteins.

Fibrous protein
Fibrous proteins, also called scleroproteins, are long filamentous protein molecules Fibrous proteins are only found in animals.

Protein filament
In biology, a filament is a long chain proteins, such as found in hair, muscle, in flagella.

Hanami
is traditional custom enjoying beauty flowers, especially cherry blossoms .

Landmarks
Originally, a landmark literally meant an important,icular geographic point,  used by explorers others to findir way back through an area.

Neighbourhood
A neighbourhood neighborhood is a geographically located community, within a city, town suburb.

Lantern
A lantern is a device that can be moved from place to another, light to illuminate open areas.

Sakura
Sakura Cherry Blossom  is for decorative cherry trees, "Prunus serrulata",ir blossoms.

Filamentation
"For other uses see "Filament"." Filamentation is anomalous  growth certain bacteria, such as "E.

Septum
Fungi produce septa toition filamentous hyphae into discrete cells.

National Youth Orchestra Great Britain
The National Youth Orchestra Great Britain  is anchestra for young musicians in United Kingdom.

Flag Canada
The Maple Leaf flag became Canada's flag on 15 February 1965.

The Wee Free Men
The Wee Free Men is in Discworld book series by Terry Pratchett.

Vandals
The Vandalsre an Eastic tribe.

Order Thistle
The Most Ancient Most Noble Order Thistle is ander chivalry associated withd.

Nasal septum
The nasal septum separates left right airways in nose divids two nostrils.

Nostril
A nostril (or naris, pl.

Ethmoid bone
The ethmoid bone  is a bone in skull that separates nasal cavity from brain.

Bundesverdienstkreuz
The Bundesverdienstkreuz  isficially called "Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublikd" .

Austin Lightning
The Austin Lightning is an amateur soccer team in Austin, Texas.

BBC Symphony Orchestra
The BBC Symphony Orchestra is mainchestra Broadcasting Corporation.

Jiří Bělohlávek
Jiří Bělohlávek  is a Czech conductor.

Arturoini
Arturoini  was an conductor.

Philip K. Dick
Philip Kindred Dick  was an writer.

Jet Propulsion Laboratory
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory  is a NASA research center located in Pasadena, California.

Renewable energy commercialization
Renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies, including solar photovoltaics, solarrmal power plants, solar heating cooling systems, wind power, hydroelectricity, geothermal power, biomass, ocean energy systems.

Mapudungun
Mapudungun is an isolate language spoken by Mapuche ethnic groups, in Chile Argentina.

Русский
Russian language .

Impurity
Something that has impurity is not pure.

Queen's Hall
The Queen's Hall was a concert hall in Central London,d.

Avesta
Avesta is holy bookism.

Darius I Persia
Darius Great (c.

Pasargadae
Pasargadae was a city in ancient Persia, is today a historical site in Fars,Iran.

Americanire Terrier
Theire Terrier is a breed dog.

Persepolis
Persepolis  was an ancient capital dynasty, Achaemenid Empire.

Xerxes
Xerxes Great was a Shah  Achaemenid dynasty.

Animal shell
A shell is a hard layer, which has evolved in a very wide variety different animals, including molluscs, sea urchins, crustaceans, turtles tortoises, armadillos, etc.

Tortoise
A tortoise land turtle is a reptileder Testudines that lives on land.

Sea turtle
Sea turtles  are turtles found in all world's oceans except Arctic, species travel between oceans.

Report 1800
The Report 1800 was a resolution drafted by James Madison.

Baikal
Baikal is a village in Russia, Irkutsk oblast,skyy region.

Rudder
A rudder is ships, boats, submarines, aircraft, hovercraft other conveniences that move through air water.

Exploration Neptune
The Exploration Neptune started on August 25, 1989, when "Voyager 2" became so-far only spacecraft to visit planet.

Kinder Scout
Kinder Scout is a plateau about 600 metres above sea level.

Stern
The stern is rear a ship boat.

Stern (disambiguation)
The stern is rear a ship boat.

Urbain Le Verrier
Urbain Le Verrier  was a French mathematician who was famous for co-discovering planet, Neptune.

John Malkovich
John Gavin Malkovich  actor, producer director.

Glenn Close
Glenn Close  is an movie stage actress.

Blaqk Audio
Blaqk Audio is an electronic band, made by Davey Havok Jade Puget AFI.

Hught
Hugh John Mungot  is an actor.

James
James Langston Edmund  is an movie, stage television actor.

James Coburn
James Harrison Coburn  was an actor.

4 Vesta
4 Vesta  is massive asteroid in solar system, with an average diameter about 530 km  an estimated mass 9% mass entire asteroid belt.

Animal liberation movement
The animal liberation movement animal rights movement , is movement activists, academics, lawyers, campaigns,ganized groups who oppose use non-human animals in research, as food, as clothing, as entertainment.

Sex symbol
A sex symbol is a famous/or notable person, male female, who is found sexually attractive by a lot people.

Cereal
Cereal is usually refers to a type grass that is grown to be eaten.

Sexual attraction
In a species that reproduces sexually, sexual attraction is an attraction to other members same species for sexual erotic activity.

Cheerios
Cheerios is a popular brand cereal.

Rehearsal
A rehearsal is a practice before a concert play in aatre other performance.

London Symphony Orchestra
The London Symphony Orchestra  is famouschestras world.

Obtuse angle
An obtuse angle is a angle that measures wider than 90° than 180°.

London Philharmonic Orchestra
The London Philharmonic Orchestra  is majorchestras United Kingdom.

Vladimir Jurowski
Vladimir Jurowski  is a conductor.

Surrealism
Surrealism is a cultural movement that began in mid-1920s.

Pim Fortuyn
Wilhelmus Simon Petrus  Fortuyn  was a Dutch politician.

Cyrus Great
Cyrus Great (c.

Rafał Wiechecki
Rafał Wiechecki  is a politician.

Čejov
Čajev is village near Humpolec in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Satsuma
Satsuma / sat-soo-muh/.n.

Relief
A relief is a sculptured artwork where is modeled from a flat background.

Relief (disambiguation)
A relief is a sculptured artwork where a modeled projects from a flat background.

Frieze
In architecture frieze is wide central section an entablature may be plain— in Ionicder — decorated with bas-reliefs.

Entablature
An entablature  is a major element classical architecture, superstructure moldings bands which lies horizontally above columns, resting onir capitals.

Flickr
Flickr is a photo sharingbsiteb services suite.

Norton AntiVirus
Norton AntiVirus  is a popular producttec Corporation.

Haemophilia
Haemophilia is a blood condition that means bleeding does not stop.

Otis R. Bowen
Otis R.

Guacamole
Guacamole  is a dip made avocados, salt tomatoes.

Gordan Nikolitch
Gordan Nikolitch  is a violinist.

Literal translation
Literal translation is translation text from language to another "word-for-word", rather than giving senseiginal.

Machine translation
Machine translation,times acronym MT, is computational linguistics.

786
__NOTOC__ .

Interlinear text
Interlinear text is text on several lines where additional lines give explanations main text.

Transcription (linguistics)
Transcription is conversion a text another medium.

Sumgait pogrom
The Sumgait pogrom was a pogrom by Azeris that targeted population living ini seaside town Sumgait on February 1988.

710
__NOTOC__ .

784
__NOTOC__ .

842
__NOTOC__ .

825
__NOTOC__ .

880
__NOTOC__ .

Momijigari
is tradition visiting areas where leaves have turned red in autumn.

Bloom
The term bloomly means more flowers on a flowering plant.

Calm
Calm is an adjective meaning, quiet;icularly usedather, free from wind storm, sea,.

Himeji Castle
is a castle located in Himeji in Hyōgo Prefecture which includes 83 buildings made wood.

Tang Dynasty
The Tang Dynasty   was an imperial dynasty China that came after Sui Dynasty was followed by Five Dynasties Ten Kingdoms Period.

Divination
Divination  is an attempt to get information through omens supernatural things.

Emperor Saga
Emperor Saga   was Emperor, according to traditionalder succession.

Kriss Donald
Kriss Donald  was a boy who was killed by 5 Muslims.

Imperial Court in Kyoto
Imperial Court in Kyoto was government from 794 AD until Meiji Era, in which court was.

Uhorilka
Úhořilka is village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Ukiyo-e
, "pictures floating world", is a genre paintings produced between centuries, that showed landscapes,atre scenes every day entertainment.

Hiroshige
Utagawaige,  was a ukiyo-e artist, last great artists in that tradition.

Forecasting
Forecasting is studying telling result situations that will happen in future, which have an unknown result.

Japan Meteorological Agency
The JMA, is government'sather service.

Ariwara no Narihira
Ariwara no Narihira  was a poet noble.

Yoshino, Nara
Yoshino  is a town found inino District, Nara Prefecture,.

Daigo, Ibaraki
Daigo  is a town located in Kuji District, Ibaraki,.

Ueno Park
is a public park located in Ueno section Taito-ku, Tokyo,.

Mansa Musa
Mansa Musa was a century Mansa .

Macon, Georgia
Macon is a city located in central Georgia, USA.

The Tale Genji
is a classic work literature been written by noblewoman Murasaki Shikibu at beginning century, around highest point Period.

Tokugawaimune
Tokugawaimune  was a shogun.

Toyotomii
 was a military leader.

Motojirō Kajii
was a author Shōwa period.

Dumpling
Dumplings may be any a wide variety dishes, both sweet salty, in several different cuisines.

Hank Williams
Hiram King Williams , better known as Hank Williams , was an musician songwriter.

Sui Dynasty
The Sui Dynasty  was an imperial dynasty China.

Bento
is a meal common in cuisine, made to take away from home to be eatenwhere else.

Clown
A clown is a entertainer, performance artist, who performs physical comedy stunts to amuse others.

Dango
is a dumpling made from "mochiko" .

Music stand
A music stand isthing musicians can use to put sheet music on wheny are performing.

Cumulative voting
Cumulative voting is a system for doing an election.

Proportional representation
Proportional representation is an idea from elections.

Smokey Robinson
William  Robinson  is an singer songwriter.

Andrew Davis
Sir Andrew Davis  is a conductor.

Haiku
is a mode poetry, is in fact a modification made in late century by Masaoka Shiki older.

Gennady Rozhdestvensky
Gennady Rozhdestvensky  is a conductor.

Waka
Waka  Yamato uta is a genre poetry.

Amiri Baraka
Amiri Baraka  is an writer.

Jorge Luis Borges
Jorge Luis Borges  was an Argentine writer.

Kobayashi Issa
 was a poet.

Masaoka Shiki
was pen-name a author, poet, literary critic, journalist in Meiji period.

Billy Collins
William J.

Wind power in Texas
Wind power in Texas consists many wind farms with a total installed capacity 5,604 megawatts  from over 40 different projects.

Yu Suzuki
Yu Suzuki is a famous game designer.

Isra Mi'raj
The Isra Mi'raj are twos a story that Muslims tell about Muhammad.

Fustat
Fustat was Arab capital in Egypt.

Vizier
A Vizier is an Arabic word for a governmentficial.

Hank Williams Jr.
Randall Hank Williams  is an musician songwriter.

Kunisada
Utagawa Kunisada   was popular artist ukiyo-e in-century.

Yoshitoshi
Tsukiokai   was a artist.

Odawara Castle
is a landmark in city Odawara in Kanagawa Prefecture.

Ab urbe condita
Ab urbe condita is a way to measure time.

Mesosphere
The mesosphere is a atmosphere.

Magnetosphere
A magnetosphere is region around an astronomical object, a planet.

Dorus Rijkers
Theodorus "Dorus" Rijkers  was a famous Dutch lifeboat captain folk hero, he is famous for his sea rescues 487 shipwrecked victims over a total 38 rescue operations at least 25 before joining lifeboat-service.

Queen Consort
A Queen Consort is wife a King.

Prince Wales
Prince Wales is a title usually held by eldest son King Queen United Kingdom.

Hanami/VGA stub
is traditional custom enjoying beauty flowers, especially cherry blossoms .

Geisha/VGA stub
or are traditional female entertainers.

Kamikaze/VGA stub
"Kamikaze"  is a wordigin.

Cuban Missile Crisis/VGA stub
The Missile Crisis was a period tension between Soviet Union United States, using Cuba as a battleground.

Lysergic acid diethylamide/VGA stub
LSD is for a drug called Lysergic acid diethylamide.

Massachusetts Institute Technology
The Massachusetts Institute Technology  is a private university, located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

The Colbert Report
"The Colbert Report" is a television talk show starring Stephen Colbert.

Cid
Cid   was an poetll known for editing magazine "Origin".

Lenard Moore
Lenarde Moore  is an writer.

Octavio Paz
Octavio Pazo  was a writer, poet, diplomat.

Raymond Roseliep
Raymond Roseliep  was a poet.

Kenneth Rexroth
Kenneth Rexroth  was an writer.

Sonia Sanchez
Sonia Sanchez is an poet.

Gary Snyder
Gary Snyder  is an writer.

Genpei Akasegawa
is a pseudonym conceptual artist .

Aries
Aries is astrological Zodiac sign that represents constellation Aries.

Taurus
Taurus is an astrological sign, which is with constellation same.

Christy Turlington
Christy Nicole Turlington  is an supermodel.

Premier
Premier istimes used instead Prime Minister.

Hispanidad
Hispanidad  is communityed by all people nations that share language culture.

Aviation
Aviation refers to flying using an aircraft, an airplane.

Cyberpunk
Cyberpunk is a literature.

Igbo language
Igbo is a language spoken in Nigeria.

Wind shear
Wind shear is a difference in wind speed/or direction over a fairly distance in atmosphere.

Polar cyclone
Polar cyclones  aree areas low pressure.

Geisha
or are traditional female entertainers.

Weather fronts
Aather front is a boundary between two masses air different densities, are main cause majorather events.

Thomas Midgley
Thomas Midgley , was an inventor.

Hovhannes Shiraz
Hovhannes Shiraz   was a notable poet.

Polar low
A polar low is a sized-lived atmospheric low pressure system that is found over ocean areas pole ward main polar front in both Hemispheres.

Pericles
Pericles Perikles (ca.

Wind speed
Wind speed is a term that is used when talks about movement air from place to next.

Thebes, Greece
Thebes is a city in Greece.

Minoan civilisation
The civilisation was a civilisation on Crete.

Mycenean civilisation
The civilisation is a period Ancient Greece.

Alliance
An alliance is an agreement between two moreies.

Persian Empire
The Empire  is for a few empires, that ruled over modern-day.

Epic poetry
Epic poetry is a poetry.

Kousuke Atari
Kousuke Atari  is a singer Shimauta utasha.

The Apostles (Elgar)
"The Apostles", op.

Knot (speed)
"“Knots” redirects here.

Royal Philharmonic Orchestra
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra  is achestra based in London.

Adrian Boult
Sir Cedric Boult CH  was an conductor.

Franz Lehár
Franz Lehár  was an composer descent.

Rings Neptune
The planet Neptune has a dim planetary ring system which is made up several separate rings "ring arcs".

Igor Diakonov
Igor Mikhailovich Diakonov , Petrograd – May 2, 1999, St Petersburg) was a historian, linguist, translator who should be ranked among greatest authorities on Ancient Near East its languages.

Baudouin I Belgium
Baudouin I   was Kings from 1951 to 1993.

Core
Core generally is heart inner a thing, as a column, wall, rope, a boil, etc.; especially, central fruit, containing kernels seeds; as, core an apple quince.

Mesocyclone
A mesocyclone is a vortex air, about 2 to 10 km in diameter , inside a convective storm.

Determinism
Determinism is idea that every action is a definite reaction to a previous event.

Floridaational University
Floridaational University  is a public research university in Miami, Florida in United States.

Sash
A sash is a cloth belt a robe together, usually tied about waist.

Willow
Willows are a family trees shrubs which have many differences in size type growth, but are very much alike in other respects.

Elegance
Elegance is attribute being unusually effective simple.

Courtesan
A courtesan was a high-class prostitute mistress, especially associated with rich,, noble men who gifted luxuries status in exchange for her services.

Jester
A jester, joker, fool, bollocks, buffoon, is a type entertainerly  associated with Middle Ages.

Etiquette
Etiquette, aspect decorum, is a code that rules how everyone is, according to social conventions norms, in society, in a social class, group.

Hairstyle
For humans, haircut, hairstyle, hairdo normally describe cutting styling head hair.

Patronage
Generally, patronage is support, encouragement, privilegeten financial aid given by a person anganization.

Reputation
Reputation is opinion public towards a person, a group people, anganization.

Lagunaria
Lagunaria is a garden plant famous for its colour.

Warwick Estevam Kerr
Warwick Estevam Kerr  was a engineer, geneticist, entomologist, professor.

Indian national calendar
The national calendar  isficial civil calendar in India.

Crane (bird)
Cranes aree, long-legged long-necked birdsder Gruiformes, family Gruidae.

Estimation
Estimation is calculated approximation a result which is usable even if information has may be incomplete, uncertain, noisy.

Fee
A fee is price gives as payment for services, especially honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant member a learned profession.

Maid
A maidservant in current use maid is a female employed in domestic worker.

Embroidery
Embroidery is art decorating fabric other materials with designs stitched in strands thread yarn using a needle.

Banquet
A banquet is ae public meal feast, complete with main dishes desserts.

Eccentricity
In popular use, eccentricity extravagance refers to unusual odd behavior on an individual.

Květinov
Květinov is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Úsobí
Úsobí is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Conversation
A conversation is communication by two more people,times withself,ten on aicular topic.

FK Viktoria Žižkov
FK Viktoria Žižkov is a football club in Czech Republic.

Wit
Wit is a intellectual humour.

Joss stick
Joss sticks are a type incense.

AFK Union Žižkov
AFK Union Žižkov is a football club in Czech Republic.

2004tic hurricane season
The 2004tic hurricane seasonficially began on June 1, 2004, lasted until November 30, 2004.

Flirting
Flirting is a human behavior from person toward another person, between two people, usually showing a sexual romantic interest in other person.

Trustworthiness
Trustworthiness is a moral value a virtue.

Shamisen
The shamisen samisen , also called sangen  is a musical instrument with three strings, that is played with a plectrum called a "bachi".

Obi
Obi  is a word to call to many different types sashes used with kimono keikogi by both men women.

Nitrogen fixation
Nitrogen fixation is process by which nitrogen is taken from its stable gas  in air nitrogen compounds  for other chemical processes.

Britské listy
Britské listy are anet newspapers published in Czech Republic.

Nitrogen cycle
The nitrogen cycle is way that nitrogen in nature is differents that are used by livingganisms.

Moscow State University
M.V.

Boarding school
A boarding school is a school where students live sleep at school while going toir classes.

Sacha Baron Cohen
Sacha Noam Baron Cohen  is an comedian, writer actor.

Utrecht (province)
Utrecht is a province inds.

George II Great Britain
George II , lived between 10 November 1683 – 25 October 1760.

Mandy Moore
Amanda Moore is an pop singer actress.

NYC
New York City, New York .

Oiran
were courtesans in.

Ryōtei
A is a type very expensive elegant restaurant.

Philharmonia
The Philharmonia is anchestra from London.

Taiko
means simply "drum" in.

Utamaro
(ca.

Hanamachi
A hanamachi  is a word a neighborhood where courtesans geisha lived worked.

Japanese traditional dance
There are two types traditional dance:"Odori", which was created in Edo period; "Mai", which was created instern.

Parkour
Parkour is an activity with aim moving from point to another , using abilities human body.

Shakuhachi
The is a flute which is played vertically  a recorder, instead transversely  transverse flute.

Christian movements
Christian movements are different religious, political philosophical ideasity that meanss belonging to movement have a difference in beliefs than a person from a different movement.

Lig
Lig  was a general Han Dynasty.

Royal Borough Kensington Chelsea
The Royal Borough Kensington Chelsea is a London borough,st central London.

London Borough Enfield
The London Borough Enfield is north London borough.

List districts by area
This is a list districtsd by size.

Huo Qubing
Huo Qubing  was a general Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu.

Kali Yuga
In Hinduism, Kali Yuga (Devanāgarī:, lit.

Squash (plant)
Squashes are a vegetable-like fruit.

Nelumbo
Nelumbo is a genus water plants which are also known as lotus.

Nymphaeaceae
In botany, Nymphaeaceae is a family plants which grow in water.

Ugly Betty
"Ugly Betty" is a Golden Globe- Peabody Award-winning comedy-drama television series.

Shinto shrine
A Shinto shrine is a place where people worship in Shinto religion.

Miko
are women in service Shinto shrines.

Mineko Iwasaki
, born Masako Tanaka on November 2 1949 in Kyoto, was's number "geiko"  until she retired at age 29.

List districts by population
This is a list districts ind by population.

Libra
Libra is an ical sign, Libra, in Hemisphere near Scorpius Virgo.

Igreja Pentecostal e Apostólica Missão Jesus
The "Igreja Pentecostal e Apostolica Missão Jesus" is a pentecostal church socially deprived.

Matsya
Hindus believe that Matsya avatara is important avataranu.

Kurma
Kurma is a Hinduism "avatara".

Varaha
Hindus believe thatnu had many important Avataras, Varaha avatara was avataranu.

Prithvi
Prithvi is for goddess Earth in Hinduism.

Daitya
A Daitya, according to Hinduism, is a type giant that fought against gods.

Manu
Manu, according to Hinduism, was human on Earth.

Boar
A wild boar is a animal family Suidae .

Narasimha
Narasimha, according to Hinduism, was avataranu.

Prahlada
Hindus believe that Prahlada was a person.

Vamana
Hindus believe thatnu has many important avataras.

Parashurama
Hindus believe thatnu has many important avataras.

Balarama
Hindus believe that Balarama was older brotherna.

Ba Ðình Square
Ba Đình Square  is a place in capital, Hà Nội.

Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum
The Hồ Chí Minh Mausoleum  is ae memorial to independence leader Hồ Chí Minh.

Meng
Meng  was a general Qin Dynasty under Emperor Qin Shig.

Kippah
A yarmulke  Kippah  is a cloth cap worn by Jews.

Judeo-Arabic languages
Judeo-Arabic languages are a collection Arabic language dialects spoken by Jews livingly living in Arabic-speaking countries.

Thegers
"Thegers" is a children's television series.

London Borough Hammersmith Fulham
The London Borough Hammersmith Fulham is a London borough in West London but is an area called Inner London.

1 E9 m²
1 E9 m² is a term together areas similar size.

1 E8 m²
1 E8 m² is that are between 100 km² 1000 km² in area.

1 E7 m²
1 E7 m² is a term together areas similar size.

Athletics at Summer Olympics
Athletics, known as Track Field in United States, has been contested at every Summer Olympics since birth modern Olympic movement at 1896 Summer Olympics.

1968 Summer Olympics
The 1968 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XIX Olympiad,re held in Mexico City in 1968.

Sima
Sima  was historian Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu.

Gymnastics at 1972 Summer Olympics
Gymnastics at 1972 Summer Olympics was represented by 14 events: 6 for women 8 for men.

Rowing at 1980 Summer Olympics
Rowing at 1980 Summer Olympics was represented by 14 events.

Coxless pair
In rowing, a coxless pair consists a pair rowers, each having oar, on stroke side  on bow side .

1976 Summer Olympics
The 1976 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXI Olympiad,re held in 1976 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

1960 Winter Olympics
The 1960 Winter Olympics,ficially known as VIII Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1960 in Squaw Valley, California, United States .

1984 Winter Olympics
The 1984 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XIV Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in Sarajevo,n in Yugoslavia now in Bosnia Herzegovina.

1988 Winter Olympics
The 1988 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XV Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in Calgary, Alberta, Canada opened byor Generalne Sauvé.

Recordsd
The Recordsd  was written by Sima, historian Han Dynasty.

Football at Summer Olympics
Football  has been included in every Summer Olympic Games except 1896 1932 as a men's competition sport.

1976 Winter Olympics
The 1976 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XII Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria.

Gymnastics at Summer Olympics
Gymnastics has been contested at every Summer Olympic Games since birth modern Olympic movement at 1896 Summer Olympics.

Biathlon
Biathlon  is a term any sporting event made up two disciplines.

1972 Summer Olympics
The 1972 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XX Olympiad,re held in Munich, in wasn Westy, from 26 August to 11 September 1972.

Royal borough
Royal Boroughs are districts in United Kingdom that have been given this special title becausey had special links with Royal family.

Emperor Wu Jìn
Emperor Wu Jìn  was founder Jin Dynasty.

Vaishnava
Anava is a Hindu who believes thatnu is highest God.

John Couch Adams
John Couch Adams , was an mathematician astronomer.

Pygmy people
Pygmies are a group people who live in Africa.

Itihasa
In Sanskrit, Itihasa means history.

Bhakti Yoga
Bhakti Yoga is a Hindu spiritual practice.

International Society forna Consciousness
Theational Society forna Consciousness  is a newer religious movement based on Hinduism.

A. C.ta Swami Prabhupada
A.

Purana
In Sanskrit language, purana means story ancient times.

Patti LaBelle
Patti LaBelle  is an R&B Soul singer.

Whitney Houston
Whitney Elizabeth Houston  is an pop R&B singer.

Kami (disambiguation)
Kami  is a word for any several gods, spirits, God Abrahamic religions.

Folklore
Folklore is body expressive culture, including tales, music, dance, legends,al history, proverbs, jokes, popular beliefs, customs, more within aicular people.

Kappa (letter)
Kappa , is letter Greek alphabet, "k" sound in Ancient Greek.

Nguyễn Văn Cao
Nguyễn Văn Cao was a famous composer.

Vietnamese Independence League
The Independence League, Việt Nam Độc Lập Đồng Minh Hội , was a revolutionary group lead by independence leader Hồ Chí Minh.

Kojiki
"Kojiki" "Furukotofumi" , also called in as "Records Ancient Matters", is oldest book known in.

Hindu philosophy
Among above six schools Hindu Philosophy,ta is by far very popular.

Guru
In Sanskrit language, guru means teacher.

Moksha
Moksha is final goal for Hindus.

Caste
The caste system is a system in India that was once mainly used by Hindus.

Brahmin
Brahmin is a division caste system.

Kshatriya
Kshatriya is a division caste system in Hinduism.

Vaishya
Vaishya is a division caste system.

Shudra
Shudra is a division caste system.

Jnana Yoga
In Hinduism,a Yoga is yoga practice knowledge.

Atharva Veda
The Atharva Veda is Veda, Hindu scriptures.

London Borough Tower Hamlets
The London Borough Tower Hamlets is a London Borough a bit east City London north River Thames.

Uriah Heep
Uriah Heep are an hard rock band.

E-book
An e-book ebook ecobook is a book that is on computer on a CD.

Church-Turingsis
The Church-Turingsis  is a statement about machines .

London Borough Brent
The London Borough Brent is a London borough in northst London is Greater London.

London Borough Ealing
The London Borough Ealing is a London borough in West London, it is Greater London.

Tamamo-no-Mae
Tamamo-no-Mae  is a legendary figure in mythology folklore.

London Borough Hounslow
The London Borough Hounslow is a London borough in West London.

London Borough Richmond upon Thames
The London Borough Richmond upon Thames is a London borough in southst London.

Royal Borough Kingston upon Thames
The Royal Borough Kingston upon Thames is a London borough in south-west London.

London Borough Sutton
The London Borough Sutton is a London borough in southst London.

London Borough Bromley
The London Borough Bromley is a London Borough south east London.

London Borougham
The London Borougham is a London borough in south east London.

London Borough Bexley
The London Borough Bexley is a London Borough in south east London.

London Borough Havering
The London Borough Havering is a east London borough.

London Borough Barking Dagenham
The London Borough Barking Dagenham is a London borough in East London.

London Borough Redbridge
The London Borough Redbridge is a London borough in north east London.

London Borough Newham
The London Borough Newham is a London borough in east London.

London Borough Waltham Forest
The London Borough Waltham Forest is a London borough in east London.

London Borough Haringey
The London Borough Haringey is a London borough in north London.

London Borough Barnet
The London Borough Barnet is a London borough in north London.

London Borough Harrow
The London Borough Harrow is a London borough northst London.

London Borough Hillingdon
The London Borough Hillingdon is London borough, it isst borough London.

John Shakespeare
John Shakespeare (c.

Norwegian Elkhound
The Elkhound is a type dog that was bred in Norway, wherem are found.

Conway's Game Life
The Game Life is a cellular automaton devised by mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970.

Bio Booster Armor Guyver
Bio-Booster Armor Guyver  Guyver   is a long-running manga series written byiki Takaya .

Repulse Bay
Repulse Bay  Repulse Bay is a very famous beach in Hong Kong.

Pelagianism
Pelagianism is aoryd after Pelagius.

Goggles
Goggles safety glasses are thick, plastic glasses worn over eyes to keep objectsm.

Urashima Tarō
is a fairy tale about a fisherman who rescues a turtle is rewarded with a visit to Ryūgū-jō, Dragon Palace.

Electrical generator
A generator usually means a machine that makes electrical energy.

Inert gas
An inert gas is a gas that does not usually react with other things.

Emperor Gaozu Han
Emperor Gaozu Han  was founder Han Dynasty he reigned China from 202 BC until 195 BC.

Unification Church
The Unification Church is a new religious movement based on importance family in creating a world peace, started by Sun Myung Moon in Korea in 1940s.

Philip
Philip  is an writer.

Yomi
Yomi , word for underworld in which horrible creatures guard exits.

Ryūgū-jō
In mythology, Ryūgū-jō  is palace Ryūjin, dragon god sea.

Imp
An imp is a mythological creature similar to a fairy demon, usually described in folklore superstition.

British
Britishs is an ethnic group which includes people who have nationality but areiginally from South Asia.

Black
Black are people who have nationality but areiginally from Africa people anyone who seesm self as black.

Ryūjin
Ryūjin  was god sea in mythology.

Takamagahara
Takama-ga-hara , literally "High Heaven's Plain" but usually translated as "High Plain Heaven," is a place in mythology.

TV Guide
The TV Guide is a magazine with a guide on schedules for TV shows movies to let people know will be shown.

Gospel music
Gospel music is a style music.

Salsa
Salsa is a type dance hispanicigin.

Gweni
Gwen Renéei is an singer.

Izumo Province
Izumo  was an old province.

Mount Hiei
is a mountain to northeast Kyoto city, located at border between Kyoto Shiga prefectures,.

Momotarō
Momotarō  is a popular hero from folklore.

Ama-no-Uzume
Ame-no-Uzume-no-mikoto  is Kami dawn, happiness joy in Shinto religion.

Susanoo
Susanoo,  in Shinto is Kami sea storms.

Ninigi-no-Mikoto
Ninigi no Mikoto  is in mythology son Ame no Oshihomimi no Mikoto, grandson Amaterasu, who sent him down to earth to plant ricere.

Preston
Preston is a city in north-westd.

Onryō
Onryō  is a ghost  who is able to return to world living to seek revenge.

British
British, also, Britons-born  are people ancestry whore born in United Kingdom have Kingdom.

British community
The  community are residents United Kingdom who are West background, whose ancestors came from Africa.

Flagd
Switzerland’s national flag was adopted on December 12, 1889, which is world’s oldest flag.

Taizu Emperor
Taizu Emperor  was founding father Qing Dynasty.

Japanese dragon
A dragon, also known as is a mythical animal from.

Japanese mythology
Japanese mythology is a very difficult system beliefs that includes Shinto Buddhist traditions.

Huang Taiji
Huang Taiji  was emperor Qing Dynasty.

Japanese folklore
Japanese folklore is folklore.

Pheasant
Pheasants are a groupe birds inder Galliformes.

Galena (disambiguation)
Galena is a mineral an important leade.

Polytonality
Polytonality is use in music several keys at same time.

M1 motorway
The M1 motorway is ae motorway in United Kingdom.

Teddy Randazzo
Teddy Randazzo  was an singer, songwriter record producer, known for his work in 1950s 1960s.

Kaspar Hauser
Kaspar Hauser  was a child who lived iny.

Twist (dance)
The Twist was a popular dance in early 1960s.

Cover version
A cover version  is a song which is re-recorded by a singer band, after another artist has released a recording it.

The Kingsmen
The Kingsmenre a popular band early 1960s.

Hank Ballard
Hank Ballard  was an musician songwriter.

Disciples Christ
The Disciples Christ are an denomination churches, which began in 1800s.

Bruno Bauer
Bruno Bauer  was a german philosoperologian.

Zsa Zsa Gabor
Zsa Zsa Gábor  is a actress socialite.

Brittany Snow
Brittany Snow  is an actress.

Desk
A desk is a piece furniture whereone can sit write,ten with drawers other places to put books, papers, other things.

Coles Supermarkets
Coles Supermarkets is an supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers .

Empire Nicea
The Empire Nicaea  wastine Greek states founded by nobilitytine Empire aftertinople was conquered during Fourth Crusade.

National Stockge India
The National Stockge India Limited , is a Mumbai-based stock exchange.

John Whedon
John Ogden Whedon  was an screenwriter.

List Buffy Vampire Slayer episodes
This is a list episodes for television series, "Buffy Vampire Slayer".

Shunzhi Emperor
Shunzhi Emperor  was emperor Qing Dynasty.

David Greenwalt
David Greenwalt  is an screenwriter.

Main Page/Header
How to write in Simple · pages · Simple talk · Categories · HelpSchools Gateway  .

Main Page/Other languages
Simple  • List all Wikipedias – Languages working together – Start a Wikipedia for a new language .

Main Page/Sister projects
See pages too.

Dong Hoi
Đồng Hới is a capital city Quảng Bình province, in north central coast Vietnam.

Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park
Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park  is a national park ing Binh Province, Vietnam.

Tan Son Nhatational Airport
Tan Son Nhatational Airport  is an airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

Romulus Augustus
Flavius Romulus Augustus ,ten called Romulus Augustulus , was a Emperor.

Justinian I
Justinian I Great  was Emperor from 527 until his death.

Diocletian
Gaius Aurelius Valeriusus (c.

Huns
The Hunsre an early group Central equestrian nomads semi-nomads..

Visigoths
The Visigoths re two main branches Goths.

Turkic people
The Turkic peoples are a group peoples.They are decsended from Japeth.

Trajan
Marcus Ulpius Nervaus, commonly called  was Emperor in 98–117.

Amazons
The Amazons  is a mythical ancient nation all-women warriors.

Wurzburg
Wurzburg is a common way in to spell "Würzburg".

Tammy Faye Messner
Tamara "Tammy" Faye Messner  was an singer, evangelist, entrepreneur, author, talk show host, television personality.

Sapphire
Sapphire is non-red type mineral corundum, an aluminium oxide .

Anne Hathaway
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway  is an movie stage actress.

Fear Factor
"Fear Factor" is an stunt/dare reality game show.

Joe
Joe  is an comedian actor known for his role as Joe Garrelli in "NewsRadio" as host on TV game/reality program "Fear Factor".

Endemol
Endemol is a company based inds that makes programs for television.

Hilton Hotels
The Hilton Hotels brand was re-united internationally after more than 40 years in February 2006, when United States-based Hilton Hotels Corporation purchased lodging arm United Kingdom-based Hilton Group PLC, which had acquired Hilton's international operations in 1987 .

Emily Osment
Emily Osment  is an actress singer.She is famous for her roles Gerti Giggles in "Spy Kids" trilogy, Lilly Truscott in "Hannaha".

Evolution/VGA stub
In biology, evolution is a change in traits passed by a group from generation to next.

Kerry Katona
Kerry Jayne Elizabeth Katona  is an television presenter, magazine columnist pop singer with girl band Atomic Kitten.

Atomic Kitten
Atomic Kitten is an girl group from Liverpool composed Liz "Lil" McClarnon,a "Tash" Hamilton, Jenny Frost - who replacediginal member Kerry Katona in January 2001.

Warrington
Warrington is ae town borough within ceremonial countyire,d.

Darin Zanyar
Darin  is a pop singer from Sweden.

Gästrikland
, is a historical province "landskap" on eastern coast Sweden.

Uppland
Uppland is a historical province "landskap" on eastern coast Sweden, just north Stockholm, capital.

Västmanland
Västmanland is a historical province, "landskap", in middle Sweden.

Värmland
Värmland is a historical province "landskap" inst middle Sweden.

Gulf Bothnia
The Gulf Bothnia is northernmost arm Baltic Sea.

Lolo Ferrari
Lolo Ferrari, born Eve Valois  was a French dancer actress billed as "the woman with breasts in world", thoughir size was artificially achieved.

Fluorescent lamp
Fluorescent light bulbs are a light bulb that uses very hot gas to light up.

My December
"My December" is Kelly Clarkson's album.

Tropical Stormtal (2007)
Tropical Stormtal was a very-lived storm in northerntic that stayed away from land during its existence.

Flinders Street Station
Flinders Street Station is central railway station rail network Melbourne, Australia.

RIOT!
"RIOT!" is a 2007 album by United States Pop rock band Paramore.

Paramore
Paramore is an Emo band.

Stonemasonry
Stonemasonry is art making things stone.

Just Ella
"Just Ella" is a book written by Margaret Peterson Haddix.

Ouran High School Host Club
Ouran High School Host Club is a manga created by Bisco Hatori.

Wei
Wei  was a scholar Qing Dynasty he wrote many books on politics in his life.

Herbert von
Herbert von  was an conductor.

Snape Maltings
Snape Maltings is a group buildings including a famous concert hall in village Snape, Suffolk.

Gladiator
Gladiators re professional fighters in ancient Rome, who fought against each other, wild animals, sentenced criminals,times to death, for entertainment public.

Ohm's law
where "I" is current in amperes, "V" is potential difference in volts, "R" is a constant, measured in ohms, called resistance.

Lin Shu
Lin Shu  was a translator.

Kamikaze
"Kamikaze"  is a wordigin.

Ü
Ü ü is not a letter used in, but is used in other languages.

Umlaut
The umlaut is two dots above letters A, O, U in.

Ö
Ö ö is not a letter used in, but is used in other languages.

List Emperors China
This is a list Emperors China from 221 BC until 1911 AD.

Ä
Ä ä is not a letter used in, but is used in other languages.

Ulyanovsk
Ulyanovsk ,ly Simbirsk , is a city on Volga River in Russia.

Age Enlightenment
The Age Enlightenment was an eighteenth century cultural movement in Europe.

Bird prey
Birds prey  are birds that mainly useir claws  to hunt for food.

O RLY?
O RLY? is anet memeten used in chat rooms fora.

World Peace One
"World Peace One is a concert event that will take place in 16 cities for 30 hours straight on December 8 9, 2007.

Jeffrey Buttle
Jeffrey Buttle  is a figure skater from Canada.

Ina Bauer
An Ina Bauer is a figure skating element.

Shawn Sawyer
Shawn Sawyer  is a figure skater.

Brian Orser
Brian Orser  is a figure skater from Canada.

Kim Yu-Na
Kim Yu-Na  is a figure skater from South Korea.

Christopher Mabee
Christopher Mabee  is a figure skater from Canada.

Tanith Belbin
Tanith Jessica Louise Belbin  is a ice dancer.

Benjamin Agosto
Benjamindro "Ben" Agosto  is an ice dancer.

Ice dancing
Ice dancing is a figure skating which draws from world ballroom dancing.

Charlie White
Charlie White is an ice dancer from United States.

Meryl Davis
Meryl Davis is an ice dancer from United States.

Treaty Shimonoseki
The Treaty Shimonoseki  was signed between Qing Dynasty Empire at Shimonoseki in 1895 AD.

Tessa Virtue
Tessa Virtue is an ice dancer from Canada.

Scott Moir
Scott Moir is an ice dancer from Canada.

Albena Denkova
Albena Denkova  is an ice dancer from Bulgaria.

Maxim Staviski
Maxim Staviski  ) is an ice dancer from Bulgaria.

First Sino War
The First Sino War  was a war between Qing Dynasty Empire.

Johnny Weir
Johnny Weir  is a figure skater from United States.

Nobunari Oda
Nobunari Oda is a figure skater from.

The Simpsons Movie
"The Simpsons Movie" is a 2007 animated movie based on television programme "The Simpsons".

Male enhancement
Male enhancement supplements work by increasing amount blood flow genital region receives volume blood that it can retain.

Californication (TV series)
"Californication" is a 2007 television series.

Bushido (disambiguation)
Originally,ido  is Samurai code honour in.

Honour
Honor, spelt honourside United States, is idea trustworthiness social status a person by society, by judgement his actions.

Oil field
An oil field is a region with many oillls extracting petroleum  from below ground.

Takeoff
Takeoff is stage flight in which an aircraft goes from moving along ground  to flying in air, usually on a runway.

Brian Joubert
Brian Joubert is a figure skater fromce.

Pap
Pap Pop is a city in.

Gift
A gift a present isthing  which is given toone.

Timothy Goebel
Timothy Goebel is a figure skater from United States.

Angela Nikodinov
Angela Nikodinov is a figure skater from United States.

Alberto Gonzales
Alberto Gonzales  is an jurist who is Attorney General United States.

Cantilever
A Cantilever is a figure skating move.

Mao Asada
Mao Asada is a figure skater from.

Catia
Catia  is a comercial designing software.

Brigham Young
Brigham Young  was president Church Jesus Christ Latter-day Saintsor state Utah.

Speaker (politics)
Speaker is person in charge legislatures, usually lower house.

Parsifal
"Parsifal" is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner.

Kana
Kana refers to two syllabic writing systems used in.

Tropical Storm Erin (2007)
Tropical Storm Erin was tropical cyclone to make landfall on United States in 2007tic hurricane season.

Antonio Banderas
José Antonio Domínguez Banderas , better known as Antonio Banderas, is an film actor singer who has acted in several important Hollywood films including ', "Assassins", "Interview with Vampire", "Mariachi" sequels, "Philadelphia", "The Mask Zorro", "Shrek" sequels.

Jim Carrey
James Eugene Carrey  is a movie actor comedian.

Egyptian cobra
The cobra "" is a type poisonous cobra.

Mikhailnikov
Mikhail Nikolaevitchnikov   is a dancer, choreographer, actor.

Suid rand
South rand .

Batman Begins
"Batman Begins" is a 2005 superhero movie, based on fictional DC Comics character.

Liam Neeson
William John "Liam" Neeson OBE  is an actor, awards including Oscar.

Great Seal United States
The Great Seal United States isficial coat arms United States, it's placed inficial documents from United Statesment.

1444
Year 1444was a leap year.

Biellmann spin
Then spin is a spin in figure skating.

1445
Year 1445 was a common year.

Omar Sharif
Omar Sharif   is an actor who has worked in many Hollywood films.

Toshirō Mifune
Toshirō Mifune   was a actor who was in almost 170 movies.

Andy García
Andy García  is an actor, born in Cuba.

Rodrigo Santoro
Rodrigo Junqueira dos Reis Santoro,  is a actor.

Michael Caine
Sir Maurice Joseph Micklewhite, Jr.

Begging
Begging means asking people for money, food, shelter other things, when is not able to give anything instead.

Benicio Del Toro
Benicio Monserrate Rafael del Toro Sánchez  is a Puerto actor film producer.

Geoffrey
Geoffrey Roy  is an actor who has won Academy Emmy awards, asll as several others.

Joaquin Phoenix
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  ,iginally called as 'Leaf Phoenix', is a Puerto actor.

William Hurt
William Hurt  is an actor.

Adrien Brody
Adrien Brody  is an actor.

Mark Wahlberg
Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg  is an actor television producer, who has been Award.

Wesley Snipes
Wesley Trent Snipes  is an actor, martial artist film producer.

Jak 3
Jak 3 is a video game made by Naughty Dog.

Edward Norton
Edward Harrison Norton  is an movie actor director.

Cardinal (bird)
The Cardinals Cardinalidae are a family passerine birds that live in North South America.

Magpie
The magpies are passerine birds crow family, Corvidae.

Final Fantasy Tactics
Final Fantasy Tactics is a tactical role-playing game for Playstation.

Vacuole
Vacuoles are membrane-bound compartments within eukaryotic cells that can serve a variety functions.

College Arms
The College Arms, in London is few remaining government heraldic authorities in Europe.

Cityd
The Cityd is a metropolitan borough in Tyne Wear, in North Eastd.

Self-Strengthening Movement
The Self-Strengthening Movement  was a reformganised during late Qing Dynasty it could be phases phase , phase 1872 AD - 1885 AD) phase .

Michael Keaton
Michael John Douglas   is an actor, perhaps famous for his roles in comedy films such as "Night Shift", "Beetlejuice", for his work in two films directed by Tim Burton.

Inequality
Inequality istimes statement that expression is, greater, not not greater than other.

Chechnya
Chechnya  is a federal subject Russia, located in Caucasus which several times from Russia.

Hilbert's paradoxd Hotel
Hilbert's paradoxd Hotel is a mathematical paradoxd after a famous mathematician David Hilbert.

Opposite number
Opposite number additive inverse any number "n" is a number which, if added to "n", results in 0, identity element addition.

Nth root
We write it this:ula_3.

Isled
The Isled is an island in Dorset in southd.

Weymouth, Dorset
Weymouth is a resort town in Dorset on south coastd.

Chrysanthemum
Chrysanthemums are a genus  about 30 species perennial flowering plants in family Asteraceae, from Asia northeast Europe.

Flagship
A flagship is ship used byficer who commanded a group naval ships.

European Magpie
The Magpie  is a bird that lives in Europe, much Asia, northwest Africa.

Sui generis
Sui generis  is a term from Latin.

Compass straightedge construction
Compass-and-straightedge ruler-and-compass construction is drawing lengths, angles shapes using only a ruler compass.

Carnation
A carnation is a type flower.

Air Force One
"Air Force One" is air traffic call sign  any airplane being used by President United States.

Incubus
In Middle Ages, people in Europe believed that Incubi re male demons.

Commonwealth realm
A Commonwealth realm is a country which has same monarch as United Kingdom.

Dashiki
Aiki is a loose, brightly coloured garment that covers top half body.

Coloradoche
The Coloradoche are an NHL team that plays in Denver, Colorado.

Battle Midway
The Battle Midway was an important naval battle World War II, between United States Empire.

Minnesota Wild
The Minnesota Wild are a NHL team based in Saint Paul, Minnesota .

Ghassanids
Ghassanids, are an Arab clan who came tot from Yemen before Islam.

B-29 Flying Superfortress
The Boeing B-29 Superfortress was a heavy bomber aircraft with four engines used by United States Army Air Forces in World War II, by other countries' military after that.

Sewing
Sewing is stitching cloth, leather, furs, other materials, using a needle thread.

Saipan
Saipan  is island capital United States Commonwealthads , a chain 15 tropical islands which areas archipelago instern Pacific  with a total area 115.39 km² .

Knitting
Knitting creates flexible fabric by looping thread yarn together using two more knitting needles a knitting machine.

Yarn
Yarn is a long, continuous length fibers that have been spun felted together.

Royal Navy
The Royal Navy  is navy Defence Force.

Takijirō Ōnishi
was a Vice-admiral in Imperial Navy during World War II, who came to known as father "kamikaze".

Torpedo
The torpedo, is an explosive projectileapon that moves by itself , launched above below water surface, that goes underwater toward a target, made to explode when it hits a target is near to it.

Undercarriage
In aviation, undercarriage landing gear is structure  that supports an aircraft allows it to move across surface Earth when it is not flying.

Battlefield 2
Battlefield 2 is a-person shooter developed by Digital Illusions CE published by EA Games.

Subset
A subset is a set which has  elements another set, called superset, but does not have any elements that superset does not have.

Pythagoreanorem/proof
The prooforem was found by a Greek mathematician, Eudoxus Cnidus.

Middle Temple
The Honourable Society Middle Temple is four Inns Court exclusively members to bar as barristers.

Albanian Orthodox Church
The Orthodox Autocephalous Churchia is Orthodox churches.

University Padua
The University Padua  located in Padua, Italy was created in 1222.

Anti-aircraft warfare
Anti-aircraft warfare, air defence, is any way fighting military aircraft in combat from ground.

National Museum United States Air Force
The National Museum United States Air Force  isficial national museum United States Air Force is located on Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, near Dayton, Ohio.

List Tour dece winners
The Tour dece was in 1903, but it was not run during World War I World War II.

Inner Temple
The Honourable Society Inner Temple is four Inns Court around Royal Courts Justice in London.

Inns Court
The Inns Court are professional associations, in London, in which every barrister must belong to.

Lincoln's Inn
The Honourable Society Lincoln's Inn is four Inns Court around Royal Courts Justice in London.

Gray's Inn
The Honourable Society Gray's Inn is four Inns Court around Royal Courts Justice in London.

Battle Okinawa
The Battle Okinawa, was a great battle World War II that took place on island Okinawa in Ryukyuds , between military forces Empire Allies.

Naomi Nari Nam
Naomi Nari Nam  is a figure skater from United States.

Themistocles Leftheris
Themistocles Leftheris is a figure skater from United States.

Ohka
The Yokosuka MXY-7 "Ohka"  was a type airplane rocket, attacks by Empire in last months World War II.

Stéphane Lambiel
Stéphane Lambiel is a figure skater fromd.

Daisukei
Daisukei is a figure skater from.

Evgenienko
Evgenienko is a figure skater from Russia.

Stacy London
Stacy London  is an fashionconsultant mediapersonality.

Kaiten
The "Kaiten"  was a torpedo that was changed as a suicideapon, used by Navy Empire in last months Second World War.

Blanket
A blanket is ae, usually rectangular piece cloth, generally used on a bed over a sheet to keep sleeping person warm.

Crochet
Crochet is a way creating fabric from yarn thread using a crochet hook to pull loops yarn through other loops.

Weaving
Weaving is interlacing two sets threads at right angles to each other to cloth.

Loom
A loom is a machine foraving thread yarn into textiles.

Sweater
A sweater is a piece clothing worn on upper body to keep person warm.

Scarf
A scarf is a piece fabric worn on near head around neck for warmth, cleanliness, fashion for religious reasons.

Across Universe (movie)
"Across Universe" is a musical movie made in 2007.

Hugo Weaving
Hugo Wallace Weaving  is an movie stage actor.

Battle Philippine Sea
The Battle Philippine Sea was an important naval battle Second World War between by navies United States.

Lottery
A lottery is a type gambling contest where people buy a ticket to wine sums money.

Tour Britain
The Tour Britain is a cycle race held in United Kingdom.

Tengiz
Tengiz is a lake in,ay oblast near Russia.

Aike
Aike is a lake on border between Russia.

Tamgaly
Tamgaly is a lake in, in South oblast.

Union Cyclisteationale
The Union Cyclisteationale "International Cycling Union" usually called UCI is governing body bicycle racing in world.

Ashchikol
Ashchikol is a lake in, in Kyzylorda oblast.

Kajbagar
Kajbagar is a lake in,ay oblast.

Milk Marketing Board
The Milk Marketing Board was an agency government.

Smithsonian Institution
The Institution  is an educational research institute museum complex, administered funded by government United States by funds from its endowment, contributions, profits from its shops its magazine.

Battle Leyte Gulf
The Battle Leyte Gulf, was naval battle in modern history.

Ottoman Dynasty
The Dynasty  ruled Empire from 1281 to 1923.

Grand Vizier
Grand Vizier, Sadr-ı Azam  Serdar-ı Ekrem , was greatest minister.

1446
Year 1446 was a common year.

Listd Viziers
This is listd Viziers Empire.

Köprülü family
The Köprülü family was an noble family withigins fromia.

Ashley Tisdale
Ashley Tisdale  is an actress singer.

Vanessa Hudgens
Vanessa Anne Hudgens  is an actress.

Angela Beesley
Angela Beesley  is ab entrepreneur.

Derby (horse race)
Derby is a type race for horses.

Reef
A reef is a place in sea where fish live.

Luba Goy
Luba Goy is now a comedienne a television star.

Tina Fey
Elizabeth Stamatina "Tina" Fey  is an writer, comedian an Emmy-winning actress.

Ashley Leggat
Ashley Margaret Anne Leggat  is a actress who is known for her roles as "Casey MacDonald" in series "Life with Derek".

Jessica Lunsford
Jessica Marie Lunsford  was a nine-year-old girl who was abducted from her home in Homosassa, Florida on February 23, 2005,n raped murdered by 47-year-old John Couey.

Puncak Jaya
Puncak Jaya   is highest mountain on island New Guinea .

Raviv
Raviv "Ricky"  is an Israeli actor born on January 24, 1986.

Homosassa, Florida
Homosassa is a census-designated place  in Citrus County, Florida, United States.

John Couey
Johnder Couey  is an sexfender murderer.

Jaws (movie)
Jaws is a 1975 thriller movie directed by Steven Spielberg.

Alcazar (Band)
Alcazar is a pop group who had a string hit singles during early 2000s decade are continuingly today.

Gangster
A Gangster is a person who is a gang.

Gang
A gang is a group people who are similar to each other have common interests.

Mount
__NOTOC__ Mountain.

Odoacer
Odoacer (Flavius Odoacrus/Odovacar/Odowaker/Odoacer; b.

Alexios I Komnenos
Alexios I Komnenos Alexius I Comnenus ,tine emperor , was son John Komnenos Anna Dalassena.

Slayer
Slayer is a thrash metal band from USA.

Megadeth
Megadeth is a thrash metal band from United States.

Bonnaroo Music Festival
The Bonnaroo Music Arts Festival is an annual four-day music festival held in Manchester, Tennessee.

Przystanek Woodstock
Przystanek Woodstock is aekend-long music festival ind that has been held once a year since 1995.

Empire
The Empire  was a government areas ruled by during period from Meiji Restoration to defeat in World War II.

Headband
A headband is an accessory that is made to fit over around head, usually to hold hair away from face sweat eyes.

Cornflower
The Cornflower  also called Bachelor's button, Basket flower, Boutonniere flower is a flowering plant in family Asteraceae.

Axel jump
An Axel jump is a jump in figure skating.

Kimmie Meissner
Kimmie Meissner is a figure skater from United States.

Flying ace
A flying ace fighter ace is a military pilot who has shot down five more enemy aircraft in air combat.

Medal
A medal is a metal object that is given as an award for doingthing very important made to commemoratething.

Motoori Norinaga
Motoori Norinaga  was a scholar poet during Edo period.

Yours truly (letter)
Most time, words "Yours truly" are used in to end a letter politely.

Saburo Sakai
Saburo Sakai 坂井三郎 "Sakai Saburō"  was a naval pilot fighter ace  Imperial Navy during World War II.

Southern Cross Station
Southern Cross Station is a railway station in Melbourne, Australia.

Flagstaff railway station, Melbourne
Flagstaff is a railway station in Melbourne, Australia !colspan=5 align=center bgcolor=#efefef|"City Loop" !colspan=5 align=center bgcolor=#efefef|Broadmeadows, Flemington Racecourse, Sydenham, Upfield, Werribee & Williamstown lines .

Melbourne Central railway station
Melbourne Central is a train station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

Parliament railway station, Melbourne
Parliament is an underground railway station in Melbourne, Australia.

Asphyxiation
Asphyxiation choking is a condition when you do not have enough oxygen going to your body.

Toy Story 2
"Toy Story 2" is a 1999 computer-generated animation movie sequel to "Toy Story".

Richmond railway station, Melbourne
Richmond station is a railway station in Richmond, Australia.

Bairnsdale railway line, Victoria
The Bairnsdale railway line is a regional railway in Victoria, Australia.

Pakenham railway station, Melbourne
Pakenham is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, located in suburb Pakenham, on Pakenham railway line.

North Melbourne railway station, Melbourne
North Melbourne Railway Station is gateway through which allst northwest bound train lines in Melbourne, Australia pass.

Crumbsuckers
Crumbsuckers was a 1980s hardcore punk/heavy metal band from United States.

Shushi Massacres
Thei massacresre anti pogroms duringi war, 1920, when Azeri army soldiers withicipation gangs attacked inhabitantsi.

Osip Mandelstam
Osip Emilyevich Mandelstam    was a poet essayist.

Forestry Commission
The Forestry Commission is a UKment agency that was set up in 1919.

Fukushima Prefecture
Fukushima Prefecture  is located in Tōhoku region on islandū,, approximately 300 km north Tokyo.

Arara, Paraíba
Arara is a city in state Paraíba.

Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga
Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga y Balzola  was an early-century composer.

Conservatoire de Paris
The Conservatoire de Paris  is a music conservatory where students can study dance, drama music.

Prix de Rome
The Prix de Rome was a scholarship  for art students in Paris.

Caulfield railway station, Melbourne
Caulfield is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

Officer railway station, Melbourne
Officer railway station is an ummanned railway station in Officer, Victoria.

ß
The letter ß  is a letter in alphabet.

General Motors railway station, Melbourne
General Motors Railway Station was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia.

Agronomy
Agronomy is study soil in relation to how it affects plant growth.

Yarra Trams
Yarra Trams is a tram operating company in Melbourne, Australia.

Metlink
Metlink is marketing for all public transport operators' in Melbourne, Australia.

BATBYGOBSTOPL
BATBYGOBSTOPL is a 13 letter acronym used in Metlink advertising in Melbourne, Australia.

Sanyo
Sanyo is an electronics company.

Celtic Frost
Celtic Frost is a thrash/death metal band fromd.

Ness (character)
Ness is main character in game EarthBound.

Privy Council
The Privy Council is a group advisors to a Monarch.

Cable knitting
Patterns called cables are created using special cable knitting needles.

Maraghar Massacre
The Maraghar Massacre happened on April 10, 1992, during Nagorno-Karabakh War.

Circular knitting
Circular knitting knitting in round is a knitting that creates a seamless tube.

Knitting machine
Knitting machines are knitted cloth for clothing household items.

Kirovabad pogrom
The Kirovabad pogrom was an attack by Azeris against targeted population living ini town Kirovabad in November 1988.

Tree Knowledge
In Book Genesis, chapters two three, Tree Knowledge Good Evil was a tree in middle Garden Eden, along with Tree Life.

Royal Academy Music
The Royal Academy Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music.

Royal College Music
The Royal College Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music.

Automated teller machine
An Automatic Teller Machine, ATM for, is a machine that lets people take  cash fromir bank accounts.

Quilt
A quilt is a type blanket made three layers: a top piece cloth, a layer insulating materialten called "batting", a bottom piece cloth for backing.

Ribbon
A ribbon is a thin, flexible band, usually cloth but also plastictimes metal.

Garden Eden
The Garden Eden is place where man, Adam, woman, Eve, lived afteryre created by God.

Wigmore Hall
The Wigmore Hall is a famous concert hall in London.

Associated Board Royal Schools Music
The Associated Board Royal Schools Music ABRSM is anganisation that arranges music examinations.

House Commons
House Commons is lower house in several commonwealth parliaments .

Engraving
Engraving is putting a design onto a hard, flat surface, by carving into it.

Ron Dennis
Ron Dennis  is team principal McLaren Formula One team 15% owner McLaren Group.

Sabaragamuwa Province
Sabaragamuwa is a province in Sri Lanka.

Skateboard
A skateboard is a board with four wheels.

Interstate 95
Interstate 95  is an important Interstate highway that runs north to south in eastern United States.

U.S. Route 1
U.S.

Interstate Highway
The Dwight D.

Let It Be
"Let it Be" was a 1970 album movie, by rock band The Beatles.

Tiger Woods
Eldrick "Tiger" Woods  is an professional golfer.

House Commons Canada
The House Commons Canada  is a Parliament Canada, along with Sovereign  Senate.

Riboflavin
Riboflavin B vitamins .

Earlal
The Earlal is a member Royal Household is in chargeganising royal ceremonies processions.

Crysis
Crysis is a person shooter computer game involving science fiction.

Peerage
A peer is a member nobility.

Fertility
Fertility is natural capability to give life.

Fin de siècle
Fin de siècle means turn century in French.

Postmodernism
Postmodernism is a word to describe our actual times.

Eraser
An eraser is a tool made from rubber that is rid marks made from a pencil, types pen.

Sercquiais
Sercquiais, also known as Sark-French , is a language which is spoken on island Sark.

Jèrriais
Jèrriais is a language that is spoken in Jersey.

Auregnais
Auregnais, Aoeur'gnaeux Aurignais was dialectneldey.

Colwyn bay
Colwyn Bay is a town on north coast Wales.

Maple syrup urine disease
Maple syrup urine disease  is a genetic medical disorder.

Anglesey
Anglesey  is an island in Gwynedd County in North Wales.

Plateosaurus
Plateosaurus  is a genus plateosaurid prosauropod dinosaur that lived during stages Late Triassic period, around 216 to 199 millon years ago in is now Europe.

Cotton Mather
Cotton Mather  was a politically important minister writer.

Linda McCartney
Lady Linda Louise See McCartney  was wife musician Paul McCartney.

Fethiye
Fethiye is a city district in Mugla Province in Turkey.

N-Dubz
N-Dubz is a hip hop group based in Camden Town in Greater London.

Wendy Scurr
Wendy Scurr is a nurse who is famous as a person who believes that Martint did not commit Port Arthur massacre, which is based on her own testimony as a person who was at Port Arthur during time that peoplere murdered, who was person that called police to informm crime.

66
Events.

70
Events.

Pachycephalosaurus
"Pachycephalosaurus" was a dinosaur which lived during late Cretaceous period millions years ago.

Jeff Hardy
Jeffrey Nero "Jeff" Hardy  is an professional wrestler.

Durban
Durban  is populous city in South Africa.

Bantu people
Bantu is a general term for over 400 different ethnic groups in Africa, from Cameroon to South Africa, that have a common language family  in many cases common customs.

Knight Bachelor
In United Kingdom a Knight Bachelor is a man who is a knight  but who is not both a In 1920s Society Knights Bachelorre allowed toar a special badge on days when other knights wouldarir insignia.

Digital
A digital system is a system that stores data in a discrete way.

Hans Ørsted
Hans Ørsted  was a physicist chemist.

Ammeter
An ammeter is a measuring tool flow electric current in a circuit.

Voltage divider
In electronics, a voltage divider is a tool which creates anput voltage which is proportional to an input voltage.

English Heritage
English Heritage is anganization United Kingdom government .

Filioque clause
The Filioque cause is a Nicene Creed that not alls agree about.

Krokus
Krokus is a hard rock band fromd.

Historicd
Historicd is an agency Executive, that is responsible for historic monuments ind.

Loudness (band)
Loudness is a heavy metal band from.

Gulf
The Gulf is an arm Sea that borders south-western to north United Arab Emirates to south.

Gulag
Gulag describes a vast network slave labor camps operated by Soviet Union from 1930s to 1950s.

Multimeter
A multimeter a multitester is an electronic measuring tool that is a combination several tools in unit.

Hyattsville,d
Hyattsville is a town ind in USA.

Invitee
In tort law, an invitee is a member public who has been business with owner a property.

Luciano Pavarotti
Luciano Pavarotti  was an tenor popular contemporary vocal performers in world.

Negligence
In law, negligence is a lawsuit that peopleganizations can bring ify are hurt.

Cytokinesis
"Cytokinesis" is division cells after either Mitosis Meiosis I II.

Battery (tort)
Battery is crime tort intentionally touchingone else without permission .

Assault
An assault is a crime tort in whichbody  threatens attempts to hurtone else.

Megaloblastic anemia
Megaloblastic anemia is a anemia.

Legal code
A legal code is a "written" system laws.

Plácido Domingo
José Plácido Domingo Embil KBE  is an tenor opera singer.

José Carreras
Josep Carreras i Coll , better known as José Carreras, is a tenor opera singer.

Leukemia
Leukemia leukaemia is a cancer blood bone marrow.

Tavern
A tavern is a place where alcoholic drinks  are served.

Gaucho
Gaucho  is term commonly who live in south regions Brazil, mainly in Riode do Sul.

Flag Tunisia
The flag Tunisia is a national flag.

Humat Al Hima
Humat Al-Hima is national anthem Tunisia since November 1987.

Nymphadora Tonks
Nymphadora Tonks is a fictional character in "Harry Potter" book series written by J.

Scelidosaurus
"Scelidosaurus"  was a genus quadrupedal, lightly plated, herbivorous dinosaur about 4 metres long.

Inheritance (disambiguation)
Inheritance is when people pass on property debts wheny die.

Nissan Stadium
The Stadium  is a sports stadium in Yokohama,.

Scream 2
Scream 2 is a 1997 horror film directed by Wes Craven written by Kevin Williamson.

DNA repair
DNA repair means a collection processes by which a cell identifies corrects damage to DNA molecules that encode its genome.

Armigerous
A person who has a coat is arms istime called an "armiger".

Genome
In biology genome anganism is its whole hereditary information is encoded in DNA .

Atomic force microscope
Atomic force microscopes  are a type microscope.

Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali
Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali  is president Tunisia, after Habib Bourguiba.

Baronet
In United Kingdom a baronet is a man who is a knight  but who is neither Unlike membersders chivalry a knight bachelor a baronet can pass his title to his children.

Saxe-Coburg Gotha
The duchy Saxe-Coburg Gotha (German "Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha" was a "dual monarchy" iny.

Berkelium
Berkelium  is a chemical element in periodic table.

BBC Learning
BBC Learning is absite hosted by BBC World Service since 1996.

Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth
Omarosa Manigault-Stallworthly known only as "Omarosa" (born Omaroseonee O.

The Apprentice
"The Apprentice" is a television show that aired in 2004 in United States.

Survivor (TV series)
"Survivor" is a popular reality television game show produced in many countries throughout world.

The Weakest Link
"The Weakest Link"  is a television game show which appeared in United Kingdom on BBC Two on 14 August 2000.

Anne Robinson
Anne Josephine Robinson  is an television presenter television game show hostess who is famous for hosting BBC game show, "The Weakest Link" which earned her nickname "Queen".

Scooch
Scooch are a bubblegum dance group.

Rock art
In addition, petroforms inukshuks are rock art made by aligning piling natural stones.

Edward Teach
Edward Teach (c.

Jenolan caves
Jenolan Caves is a series limestone caves near Lithgow, Australia.

Sizzler
Sizzler is a chain steakhouse restaurants in United States other countries around world.

Báb
Siyyid `Alí Muḥammad was a merchant from Shíráz, who started a religion called Bábism.

Breakfast aty's
"Breakfast aty's" is a 1961 movie.

Juan Ignacio Molina
Juan Ignacio Molina.

Mescaline
Mescaline  is a chemical substance.

Psilocybin
Psilocybin is a chemical substance.

Ketamine
Ketamine is an anesthetic.

Diazepam
Diazepam is a chemical substance.

Fluoxetine
Fluoxetine hydrochloride is a chemical substance.

Portable Document Format
The "Portable Document Format"  is a fileat for storing documents on a computer.

Ascensiond
Ascensiond is an island in Southtic.

Ashmore Cartierds
The Territory Ashmore Cartierds is two groups low-lying uninhabited tropical islands in north-west Australia south island Roti.

Australian Antarctic Territory
The Antarctic Territory  is Antarctica claimed by Australia is Antarctica claimed by any nation.

British Antarctic Territory
The Antarctic Territory is a sector Antarctica claimed by United Kingdom is a overseas territory.

British Territory
The Territory is a dependency United Kingdom.

Christmasd
The Territory Christmasd is a island that belongs to Australia.

Cocos (Keeling)ds
The Territory Cocos ds, also called Cocosds Keelingds, is a territory Australia.

Heardd McDonaldds
Heardd McDonaldds  are uninhabited islands located in, about two-thirds way from Madagascar to Antarctica, due south Rajapur,tra,India.

Ross Dependency
The Ross Dependency is an area Antarctica  claimed by Newd.

Tristan da Cunha
Tristan da Cunha  is a group remote islands in southtic, 2816 km  from South Africa 3360 km  from South America.

Frozen dinner
A frozen dinner is a prepackaged meal, convenience food.

Věž
Věž is a village near Humpolec in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Southern Lapwing
The Lapwing  is ae long-legged bird.

Reinforced concrete
Reinforced concrete is concrete with long pieces metal called rebar inside to make it stronger.

Courthouse
A courthouse is a building that holds a court.

Prosecutor
A prosecutor is a lawyer who works for state .

Ibiza
Ibiza is an island which is Balearicds in Sea which all belong to Spain.

Octave Mirbeau
Octave Mirbeau  was a French writer.

Tumulus
A Tumulus  is a certain type grave.

Cocosds (disambiguation)
Island called "Cocos", "Coco" "Coconut" .

Zapotec civilisation
The Zapotec civilization was an indigenous pre civilization.

Olmec
The Olmecre a people who lived about 3000 years ago in is today south-central Mexico.

Mixe-Zoque languages
The Mixe-Zoque languages is a group languages dialects.

Step pyramid
Step pyramids are a pyramid.

Chichen Itza
Chichén Itzá was a city built by Maya civilisation.

Common sense
Common sense means people would agree about.

Magic User's Club
"Magic User’s Club" is an anime created by Junichi Sato.

Deryck Whibley
Deryck Whibley  is a singer musician from band Sum 41.

Glam rock
Glam rock is a genre rock music that was popular in early 1970's.

Polish Aviation Museum
Polish Aviation Museum  is a museum old plane plane engine in Kraków,d.

Eddy Merckx
"Baron" Edouard Louis Joseph Merckx   is a professional cyclist.

Monstera
Monstera is a genus flowering plants.

Vine
A vine is any plant genus Vitis.

Tropical wave
Tropical waves, easterly waves, also known as easterly waves intic, are a type atmospheric trough, an extended area moderately low air pressure, leaning north to south, which move from east tost across tropics creating areas cloudiness thunderstorms.

Brownsville, Texas
Brownsville is a city located in southern tip Texas.

Agar
The word agar comes from Malay word agar-agar .

Australian Air Force Cadets
The Air Force Cadets  is a youthganisation in Australia.

Cable
A cable is made many wires optical fibers twisted together to make a wire.

Yellow jersey
The Yellow jersey  is jersey worn by leader many multi-day  bicycle races,iginally notably Tour dece.

Green jersey
In road bicycle racing, especially threed Tour stage races (Tour dece, Italy Spain, Green jersey is given to a cycling jersey worn by leader in a subsidiary competition.

Rainbow jersey
The Rainbow jersey is a special jersey worn by world champion cyclists during races.

List people
This is a list notable people.

Derny race
A derny race is a race in which cyclists are paced byone riding a derny.

Escopetarra
An "escopetarra" is a guitar made from a rifle; it is used as a symbol peace.

Sylvère Maes
Sylvère Maes  was a cyclist, who is famous for winning Tour dece in 1936 1939.

Maurice Garin
Maurice Garin  was a road bicycle racer.

Spiracle
Insects have holes inir bodies that allowm to breathe.

Henri Cornet
Henri Cornet  was a French cyclist who won 1904 Tour dece.

Jeopardy!
"Jeopardy!" is a game show on television.

Paris-Roubaix
Paris-Roubaix is a famous single-day professional bicycle road race held in northernce starting in Compiègne finishing in Roubaix, near frontier.

Asexuality
Asexuality is a sexualientation.

Mongoose
A mongoose  is a member family Herpestidae, a family cat-like carnivores.

Macedonian language
Macedonian  is an Indo language spoken mainly in Republic Macedonia.

Patina
Patina is a coating various chemical compounds such as oxides carbonatesed on surface metal during exposure toathering.

Clifton Hill (Niagara Falls)
Clifton Hill is place for fun in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.

Crux
Crux , commonly known as Cross , is modern constellations.

Richmond, Victoria
Richmond is a suburb in east Melbourne, Australia.

2006 Commonwealth Games
The 2006 Commonwealth Gamesre held in Melbourne, Australia between March 15 March 26, 2006.

Deutschland Tour
Thed Tour  is important stage race iny.

Stage race
A bicycle stage race is a race held over several days.

Eneco Tour Benelux
The Eneco Tour Benelux is a UCI ProTour bicycle stage race.

Lucasach Elder
Lucasach Elder  was a painter printmaker in woodcut engraving.

Edwards v. Aguillard
Edwards v.

Establishment Clause First Amendment
Thement Clause is United States Constitution  that does not allow government to support religion more than any other religions.

Frýdlant v Čechách
Frýdlant  is a town in Czech Republic.

Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District
"Kitzmiller v.

Psychometrics
Psychometrics is a science that tries to measure educational psychological levels people groups people.

Discovery Institute
The Discovery Institute is main group promoting intelligent design.

Consolevania
Consolevania is an internet television program that is about video games.

Drag (physics)
In physics, drag  is a force which slows down movement an object through a liquid gas.

Manatee
Manatees aree, fully-aquatic marine mammalsder Sirenia.

Natural history
Natural history is a type study plants animals.

Theistic evolution
Theistic evolution is belief that God, another higher power, created life using evolution.

Abdus Salam
Doctor Abdus Salam  was aioretical physicist Nobel laureate in Physics for his work in Electro-Weak Theory.

Ununhexium
Ununhexium is a chemical element.

UCI ProTour
The UCI ProTour is a series bicycle road racesganised by world governing bodyational Cycling Federation  The ProTour is top grade races for top 20 cycling teams.

Ohana
Ohana is an idea in culture.

Grand Tour (cycling)
":For other uses seed Tour" There are threed Tour cycling races:- This isdery are raced in each year.

Mammoth
Mammothsre hairy elephants genus "Mammuthus".

Right-wing
Someone whom is right-wing in politics is usuallyone who supports social economic conservatism.

Polka dot jersey
The polka dot jersey is special cycling jersey given to "King Mountains" in Tour dece.

Pleistocene
"The Ice Age" redirects here.

Louis XVce
Louis XV  was a French king, who ruled from 1715 until his death in 1774.

Ram Dass
Dr.

Psychedelic
The word psychedelic is a word invented in century by joining Greek words for "mind," ψυχή , "manifest," δήλος .

Rugby union
Rugby union is a ball sport.

Try
A Try is way scoring points in rugby league rugby union.

Avalon Peninsula
The Avalon Peninsula is ae peninsula  that makes up southeast portion islandd.

Cape Cod
Cape Cod  is an arm-shaped peninsula located in eastern Massachusetts.

Chatham, Massachusetts
Chatham is a Newd town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts.

Whitbourne,d Labrador
Whitbourne is a town on Avalon Peninsula ind Labrador, Canada.

Wind power in South Australia
Wind power in South Australia is a growing industry with 388 megawatts  grid-connected wind farms, a further 341 MW under construction.

Solar power plants in Mojave Desert
There are several Solar power plants in Mojave Desert which supply power to electricity grid.

List renewable energy topics
This lists articles that are on renewable energy topics.

Discoverynel Pro Cycling Team
The Discoverynel Pro Cycling Team was a professional racing team.

Alkane
Alkanes are chemical compounds, made carbon hydrogen.

Charles Gounod
Charlesçois Gounod  18 October 1893) was a French composer.

Operación Puerto doping case
The Operación Puerto doping case  is a doping investigation in Spain.

Dover,ia
Dover is a borough in York County,ia, United States.

Rugby sevens
Rugby sevens isened version rugby union in which only seven players per side feature, instead full fifteen.

Rugby World Cup Sevens
The Rugby World Cup Sevens is world's premier international contest in Sevens version rugby union, held ind in 1993 held every four years.

Princess Margaret, Countess Snowdon
Princess Margaret, Countess Snowdon is younger sister Queen Elizabeth II.

Romain Maes
Romain Maes  was a cyclist who won 1935 Tour dece.

Heir apparent
An heir is a person who has inheritedthing afteriginal owner's death.

Armenia national football team
The Armenia national football team is national football team Armenia.

Music Serbia
The Music Serbia has a mix traditional music, which is tradition.

Nostradamus
Michel de Nostredame , also known as Nostradamus, was a French apothecary claimed doctor.

Trough (meteorology)
A trough is an elongated area comparatively low atmospheric pressure, usually in association withather fronts.

QuikSCAT
The QuikSCAT  is an earth-observing satellite that provides wind speed direction information over oceans to NOAA.

Zakarid-Mxargrzeli
The Zakarids  also known as Mxargrdzeli,re a noble family in medieval Armenia Georgia.

Bermudaational Airport
Bermudaational Airport, also known as L.F.

Mikhailvili
Mikhailvili  is a politician is now President Georgia.

Waltham, Massachusetts
Waltham is a city inx County, Massachusetts, United States.

Sea surface temperature
Image:Wiki plot 03.png|thumb|right|Annual mean sea surface temperature.

National language
A national language is a language which is national identity a nation.

Country Music Hall Fame Museum
The Country Music Hall Fame Museum is a museum that deals with history country music.

Flag
The current flag was used on July 29, 1980, is a similar changes brought to by Islamic Revolution.

Real Zaragoza
Real Zaragoza is an football Club.

Everton Tigers
Everton Tigers are an professional basketball team.

Eastman School Music
The School Music University Rochester  is a music conservatory in United States.

Armeniapedia
Armeniapedia is an online encyclopedia about Armenia.

Henry Morgenthau
Henry Morgenthau, Sr.

Persian people
Thes are anic ethnic group who speak language share same culture history.

Louis P. Lochner
Louis P.

Shepherd
A shepherd isone who looks after sheep.

Armenian Secret Army for Liberation Armenia
The Secret Army for Liberation Armenia  was a Marxist-Leninist guerillaganization, that operated from 1975 to 1986.

Kevork
Kevork   was an writer, journalist public activist, founders ASALA militaryganization.

Cosmic ray
Cosmic rays areicles from space that have a lot energy.

Supabarn
Supabarn is a, cheap supermarket chain based in Canberra withe shops across Capital Territory  New South Wales in Australia.

Members United Nations
This is a list countries are members United Nations.

1960 Summer Olympics
The 1960 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XVII Olympiad,re held in 1960 in Rome, Italy.

1948 Winter Olympics
The 1948 Winter Olympics,ficially known as V Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1948 in St.

1932 Winter Olympics
The 1932 Winter Olympics,ficially known as III Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1932 in Lake Placid, New York, United States.

2010 Winter Olympics
The 2010 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XXI Olympic Winter Games, are next Winter Olympics will be celebrated in Vancouver, Columbia, Canada in 2010.

Sexual assault
Sexual assault is when two people come in contact a sexual nature, but two people does not want this contact to happen.

1994 Winter Olympics
The 1994 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XVII Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1994 in Lillehammer, Norway.

1992 Winter Olympics
The 1992 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XVI Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1992 in Albertville,ce.

1980 Winter Olympics
The 1980 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XIII Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1980 in Lake Placid, New York, United States America.

Maya people
The Maya peoples a diverse range Native peoples southern Mexico northern Central America.

Cor anglais
The cor anglais, horn, is a double reed instrument in woodwind family.

Bill Toone
William D Toone, Bill Toone is a professional Conservation Biologist, based in San Diego area.

Topoxte
Topoxte was a Maya city in past.

Mayapan
Mayapan was a Maya city.

Committee Union Progress
The Committee Union Progress was a political group.

Dardanelles
Dardanelles is a narrow strait in northwestern Turkey connecting Sea to Sea Marmara.

Biescas
Biescas is a town in province Huesca, Aragon.

Gloucester
Gloucester  is a city district in countyire.

Ciscaucasus
Ciscaucasus may refer to following .

Fore-Caucasus
Fore-Caucasus  is a region to North Caucasus Major  mountains Caucasus farther bounded by Kuma-Manych Depression from North, Sea Azov Kerch Strait from West, Sea from East.

North Caucasus
The North Caucasus is northern Caucasus region between Europe Asia.

Greater Caucasus
Greater Caucasus,times known as "Caucasus Major", "Big Caucasus" "Large Caucasus") is major mountain range Caucasus mountains.

Mount Elbrus
Mount Elbrus  is a peak located instern Caucasus mountains, in Kabardino-Balkaria Karachay-Cherkessia, Russia, near border Georgia.

Provinces Republic
The Republic has thirty-one  provinces .

Reductio ad absurdum
Reductio ad absurdum is a Latin phrase.

Artificial sweetener
An Artificial sweetener Sugar substitute is a chemical.

Larry Sanger
Lawrence Mark "Larry" Sanger  is a person who worked with Jimmy Wales to create internet encyclopedias Nupedia Wikipedia before he created his own online encyclopedias Digital Universe Citizendium.

Cats (musical)
Cats is a musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber, who wrote music.

Independent movie
An independent movie, independent film , is usually given to a film that is made by a movie studio for not much money.

Flower Power
"Flower Power" was a 1960s catchphrase, used by hippies other people whore against war violence.

Cargo cult
Cargo cult is given to several religions.

Walloon language
Walloon is ace language.

Gallo language
Gallo is two regional languagesy.

Diethyl ether
Diethyl ether, which is also called ether, is a clear colorless liquid that burns very easily.

Carriage
A carriage is how people moved around before carsre invented.

Lozi language
Lozi, also known as Silozi Rozi, is a Bantu language Niger-Congo language family.

Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp
Ruhleben P.O.W.

M249 Squad Automatic Weapon
The M249 Squad Automatic Weapon  is a gun used by many countries around world.

Toronto Symphony Orchestra
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra is a very gay no should listen tom.

Vattenfall Cyclassics
The Vattenfall Cyclassics is a cycling race held every year in Hamburg,y.

Gothic language
The Gothic language is an extinctic language.

Ernest
Sir Ernest  was a famous conductor composer.

Colin McRae
Colin McRae  was a Rally car driver.

Benjamin Dale
Benjamin Dale  was a composer.

The Chaser's War On Everything
"The Chaser’s War on Everything" is a comedy television series.

Illyria
Illyria was a ancient region instern today's Peninsula, by tribess a old people who spoke languages.

Battle Kosovo
The Battle Kosovo was a battle between forces Empire.

Worcester
Worcester is a city in Westds regiond.

Stoke-on-Trent
Stoke-on-Trent is a city inire in Westds regiond.

Triton (moon)
Triton "," Neptune I, is planet Neptune's moon moon in Solar System.

Kulykol
Kulykol is a lake in northeastern.

Pierre Curie
Pierre Curie  was a French physicist.

Hindustani language
Hindustani is a language.

Masala
Masala Massala is a word used in India.

Maya languages
The Maya languages  is a group languages spoken in Central America.

Soconusco
Soconusco is a region state Chiapas.

Chiapas
Chiapas is southernmost state Mexico.

Urbanism
Urbanism is study cities.

Teotihuacán
Teotihuacán was a city in pre America.

Deadwood (TV series)
"Deadwood" is an dramatic television series.

Tim Minear
Tim Minear  is an screenwriter director.

Lamella (zoology)
A Lamella  is a soft, thin plate gill arches in a fish's gills.

Lamella
Lamella is a Latin word meaning "layer",thing which is a "plate".

Sütterlin
Sütterlinschrift, Sütterlin Suetterlin script is a handwriting.

Runic calendar
The Runic calendar also "Rune staff" "Runicac" is a perpetual calendar based on 19 year long Metonic cycle Moon.

Agha Petros
Agha Petros  was an General during World War I.

Classical Latin
Classical Latin is Latin language used by ancients isly known as "classical" Latin literature.

Syriac language
Syriac  is an Aramaic language that was spoken long ago across much Fertile Crescent.

Louis Charles Antoine Desaix
Louis Charles Antoine Desaix  was a generalce.

Monte
Monte  was all-known military commander in Nagorno-Karabakh war.

Israel Defense Forces
The Israel Defense Forces   for Defense Israel", known in Israel by Hebrew acronym צה"ל, Tzahal), is Israel's military forces, Israeli Army, Air Force Sea Corps.

Government Republic
The Constitution Republic says that country is a presidential democratic republic.

Massacres in Harput District
Massacres in Harput District also Kharputre ae scale massacres that happened in district.

Tour de Pologne
The Tour de Pologne  is a road bicycle racing stage race.

Atlas Shrugged
"Atlas Shrugged" is a long book by philosopher Ayn Rand, published in 1957 in United States.

Basilisk
Basilisks are a type lizards.

Hindu calendar
The Hindu calendar used in ancient times has changed during regionalization, todayre are several regional calendars, an national calendar.

Taíno
The Taínosre pre indigenous people that came from coast South America, going northward to island chain Lesser Antilles to Greater Antilles, around 1200 CE.

The New York Times
The "New York Times",ten called just "Times" is a newspaper maker in New York City is made worldwide.

Nairi
The Nairi re a late Bronze Age people who lived in area later Kingdom Urartu, around Lake Van, in is now East Anatolia Region.

Hayasa-Azzi
Hayasa-Azzi Azzi-Hayasa, Haisa re a people area, in North Euphrates to South Hayasa.

Ancient Armenia
Ancient Armenia was a rocky land ravines, rivers, rugged cliffs, hundreds stone monuments churches.

Audition
An audition is a test to see whether a person is enough to take in a play concert to join aatre company, dance companychestra.

Nikolai Gogol
Nikolai Vasilievich Gogol   was a writer.

List Presidents Republic
This page contains a list  presidents Republic.

Thomascis Wade
Sir Thomascis Wade  was a London-born diplomat sinologist who produced a syllabary in 1859 that was later amended, extended-Gilesization for Mandarin by Herbert Giles in 1892.

Remus Lupin
Remus Lupin is a character in "Harry Potter" book series written by J.

Anagram
An anagram is a puzzle where player has to rearrange all letters in a word to make a new word.

Werewolf
Arewolf is a mythical monster.

Paneuropean Picnic
The Picnic  was an event that took place on border between Austria Hungary near Sopron, Hungary.

San Diego Wild Animal Park
The San Diego Wild Animal Park is a zoo in San Pasqual Valley area San Diego, California.

Tulip
Tulip  is a potflower plant.

Wolverhampton
Wolverhampton is a city ind.

Nubia
Nubia was an ancient Kingdom.

Dave Batista
David Michael Bautista , better known as Dave Batista by ring Batista, is an professional wrestler.

Risk (game)
Risk is a board game which is played with two to six players each with different coloured army men.

Growth
Growth means an increase in quantity over time.

Cell growth
The term cell growth is used in two different ways in biology.

DNA replication
DNA replication is process copying a double-stranded DNA molecule.

Pushing Daisies
Pushing Daisies is an television series thatiginally aired on ABC network in October 2007.

Journeyman (TV series)
"Journeyman" is an U.S.A.

Chuck (TV series)
Chuck is an television series that started on NBC network on September 24, 2007.

Bionic
Bionic is a science fiction television series which started on NBC network on September 26, 2007.

1972 Winter Olympics
The 1972 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XI Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1972 in Sapporo,.

1956 Summer Olympics
The 1956 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XVI Olympiad,re held in 1956 in Melbourne, Australia.

1904 Summer Olympics
The 1904 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games III Olympiad,re held in St.

Stepanakert
Stepanakert  is capital city Nagorno-KarabakhRepublic, a de facto independent republic.

Charles Drummond Ellis
Sir Charles Drummond Ellis  was a physicist scientific administrator.

List Hemisphere cyclone seasons
The following is a list Hemisphere cyclone seasons.

James Chadwick
Sir James Chadwick,  was an physicist Nobel Prize winner who is known for discovering neutron.

Francombat
Francombat is a French martial art similar to jiu-jitsu.

Classic race
The classic cycle races are important-day professional cycling road races in international "calendar"  All races are run instern Europe.

Criterium
A criterium, crit, is a type bicycle race held on a course ,ten run on closed-off city centre streets.

Valence electron
In chemistry, valence electrons are electrons inside "valence" electron shell an atom.

Flamingo
Flamingos  are birds.

Magnesium oxide
Magnesium oxide, magnesia, is a white solid mineral, made magnesium oxygen.

Movie studio
A movie studio, film studio, is a place where movies are made.

Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
The Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré is an annual cycling road race, run over eight stages in Dauphiné region ince during half June.

1900 Summer Olympics
The 1900 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games II Olympiad,re held in 1900 in Paris,ce.

1998 Winter Olympics
The 1998 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XVIII Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1998 ino,.

Mont Ventoux
Mont Ventoux is a mountain in Provence region southernce, about 20 km north-east Carpentras, Vaucluse.

Designated hitter
In baseball, a designated hitter  is a person who bats in place pitcher in League Major League Baseball.

1968 Winter Olympics
The 1968 Winter Olympics,ficially known as X Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1968 Grenoble,ce opened on February 6.

1964 Winter Olympics
The 1964 Winter Olympics,ficially known as IX Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in Innsbruck, Austria, from January 29 to February 9, 1964.

Counterculture
Counterculture is a term used in psychology sociology.

Hippie
A hippie  is a label for a person who feels certain counterculture that started in United States spread to other countries in 1960s.

Halakha
Pouch is Hebrew word for code laws.

Stereotype
A stereotype is an idea belief  about another person is, based on group that person belongs to.

Tom Simpson
Tom Simpson  was an road racing cyclist who died exhaustion on slopes Mont Ventoux riding stage Tour dece in 1967.

Electron cloud
In chemistry nuclear physics, electron cloud is a way to describe where electrons are wheny go around nucleus an atom.

9-1-1
9-1-1 911  is emergency telephone number for United States, Canada, Argentina.

Emergency
An emergency is a situation in which a risk to health, life, property environment is about to happen.

German Jews
German Jews are Jews descent, Jews living iny.

Post mortem
Post Mortem are two Latin words, which mean "after death".

Sexual revolution
The term Sexual revolution was coined by Wilhelm Reich in his book "The Sexual Revolution".

Peter Martyr d'Anghiera
Peter Martyr d'Anghiera  was an-born historian Spain discoveries explorations in Americas.

Wilhelm Reich
Wilhelm Reich  was an psychiatrist psychoanalyst.

Jules Massenet
Jules Massenet (born Montaud nr.

Tokyo Game Show
The Tokyo Game Show is conferences for video games in world.

İsmail Enver
İsmail Enver  , he was known to powers as Envera  Enver Bey he was a militaryficer a leader Young Turk revolution.

Choline
Choline is anganic compound.

La Borinqueña
La Borinqueña is national anthem Puerto Rico.

Boy (album)
Boy was rock group U2's album, from year 1980.

Ergastic substance
Ergastic substances are non-protoplasm materials that can find in cells.

Adenine
Adenine is a chemical component DNA RNA.

888
Year 888 was a leap year starting on Monday calendar.

Harris Scarfe
Harris Scarfe is an department store.

Flushing, Queens
Flushing is a neighborhood in Queens borough New York City.

Atlas
An atlas is a collection maps manifolds, traditionally bound into book, but also found in multimediaats.

T-Mobile Team
T-Mobile Team  is a professional cycling team competing in international road bicycle races.

T-Mobile
T-Mobile is a mobile  network operator headquartered in Bonn,y.

Simplified
"Disambiguation: see also simple" AECMA Simplified is a controlled language   industry  maintenance manuals .

Thymine
Thymine, also known as 5-methyluracil, is found in nucleic acid DNA.

Probability distribution
A Probability distribution is a term from mathematics.

Binomial distribution
The Binomial distribution is a probability distribution.

Poisson distribution
The Poisson distribution is a probability distribution.

Samaná Province
Samaná is a province, located in northeastern country, occupying wholeá Peninsula.

Interpreter (computing)
In Computer Science, an interpreter is a computer program that performs commands written in a computer programming language.

Flag United Arab Emirates
The flag United Arab Emirates  is, show, United Arab Emirates.

The Donna Reed Show
"The Donna Reed Show" was an situation comedy.

Daneta
Daniel Louiseta  is an Emmy award winning actor comedian known for providing voice Homer Simpson other characters on long-running FOX animated series "The Simpsons".

Team Milram
Team Milram is an-registered UCI ProTeam established in 2006.

Perrierbambus
A Perrierbambus is a bamboo that grows in Madagascar.

Chi-square distribution
In probabilityory statistics, chi-square distribution  is widely usedoretical probability distributions.

Null hypothesis
In Statistics, a null hypothesis is a hypothesis.

Timothy Leary
Timothycis Leary,  was an writer psychologist.

Ralph Metzner
Ralph Metzner is an psychologist, writer.

Rock band
A rock band is a group  musicians who play rock music.

Book Dead
The "Book Dead" is a for an text.

Team Gerolsteiner
Team Gerolsteiner  is a road bicycle racing team in UCI ProTour.

2006-2007 UCIia Tour
The 2006-2007 UCIia Tour is season UCIia Tour professional road bicycle racing held in various countries throughoutia region.

Natural selection
In biology, natural selection is process whereganisms with favourable traits are morely to reproduce.

Devanagari
Devanāgarī is an abugida script North languages, including Sanskrit, Bangla, Hindi, Marathi, Sindhi, Bihari, Bhili,i, Bhojpuri, Nepal Bhasa Nepali from Nepaltimesmirii .

Continental circuits
The UCI ProTour is series races for top cycling teams.

Zac Efron
Zacharias Efron, born October 18, 1987 in San Luis Obispo, is an actor singer.

Fiddle
The word fiddle means a violin when used in folk music.

Hardanger fiddle
Ager fiddle hardingfele in, is a traditional string instrument used mainly in southst Norway.

Auguste Rodin
Auguste Rodin  was a French sculptor.

Joe Cole
Joseph John "Joe" Cole is an professional football player.

Rebec
The rebec is a bowed string musical instrument that was played many hundreds years ago.

Resonator
A resonator isthing that makes a sound.

Joshua Bell
Joshua David Bell  is an violinist.

Elastic modulus
An elastic modulus, modulus elasticity, is mathematical description an object substance's tendency to be deformed elastically (i.e.

ISO 3166-1
ISO 3166-1 is not only standard for country codes.

List Harris Scarfe stores
This is a list Harris Scarfe stores trading under Harris Scarfe.

Atlas (disambiguation)
Atlas, commonly means a collection maps, traditionally bound into book.

Lira da braccio
The "lira da braccio" was a string instrument that was played with a bow.

Atlas (missile)
Atlas was a missile built by "Convair" Division "General Dynamics".

Flag Republic
The flag Republic, as described by Article 95 Constitution, has a white cross in center that extends to sides flag divides flag into four rectangles —the left rectangles are blue  red, rights are red  blue.

Southampton
Southampton is a city in United Kingdom.

Lhasa Apso
The Lhasa Apso is a breed dog.

States territories Australia
The states territories Australia make up Commonwealth Australia under a federal system government.

The Rocky Bullwinkle Show
The Rocky Bullwinkle Show is an alternative for two separate television animated shows: Rocky His Friends  The Bullwinkle Show .

Jimmy Finlayson
James Henderson "Jimmy" Finlayson  was a actor who worked in both silent sound comedies.

Body Mass Index
Image:Body mass index chart.svg|right|300px|thumb|A graph body mass index is shown above.

Middle age
The middle age is period life between young adult before old age.

Tribute
A tribute  isalthy gives to another as a sign respect, as wasten case in historical situations, submission loyalty.

Brandy
Brandy Norwood , professionally known asdy, is a Grammy Award-winning R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, actress.

Kew Gardens
Kew Gardens, with full Royalic Gardens, Kew, are a collection gardens , glasshouses between Richmond, London Kew, London.

Yo Gabba Gabba!
"Yo Gabba Gabba!" is a children's television program.

Post (album)
"Post" is an album bydic singer Björk.

Grime
Grime is a genre urban music which emerged in London in early 2000s, primarily a development UK garage, drum bass, dancehall hip hop.[1] Grime music can usually be defined by beat music-130-145 beats per minute, strong London accent rapping in a fast aggressive style.Grime istimes associated with dubstep, a similar butely instrumental genre which also evolved from early 2000s UK garage scene.

Landscape
A landscape means an area land as can see it.

Dell
Dell is a company that makes laptop desktop computers computer accessories.

Svartahrid
Svartahrid is a black metal band from Norway.

Marcel Marceau
Marcel Mangel , better known by his stage Marcel Marceau, was all-known mime.

Bugs Bunny
Bugs Bunny was an Academy Award-winning animated rabbit who starred in "Looney Tunes" "Merrie Melodies" series created by Warner Bros.

Kaz II mystery
The "Kaz II" is a 12 metre catamaran that was found drifting 160 km f northern coast Australia on April 18, 2007.

The Simpsonss
The Simpsonss is a series-minute televisions that ran on variety show "The Tracey Show" for three seasons.

James L. Brooks
James L.

Wi-Fi
Wireless Fidelity Wi-Fi is a wireless brand owned by Wi-Fice.

Digital object identifier
A digital object identifier  is a permanent way identifying a document, which is not current location.

Encyclopaedia Metallum
Encyclopaedia Metallum: The Metal Archives is absite which lists bands from variouss heavy metal music.

1984 (book)
Nineteen Eighty-Four .

Tropical Depression Ten (2007)
Tropical Depression Ten was a-lived tropical cyclone that moved onto land onstern Florida in September 2007.

Copyright infringement software
Copyright infringement software  refers to illegal copying software, music films spreadse things onet.

Bionicle
BIONICLE is a popular line toys produced by Legoy in 2001.

Flora
In botany, "flora"  has two meanings.

Flora (disambiguation)
Flora is plant life as distinct from animal life ;, a book other work that describes plant species in aicular area region.

Eric Cantona
Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona  is a French footballer.

Twin town
Twin Towns are towns cities in different countries which are human contact cultural links.

Buffyverse
The Buffyverse is a fictional universe created by writer/director Joss Whedon.

Loudness
Volume can mean loudness, for example, in volume control on computers televisions which lets you tell unit how loud you want its sound to be.

Lubricant
Lubricant is a term things that reduce friction.

Atlas Mountains
The Atlas Mountains (ar.

Genetic drift
Genetic drift is effect that random chance has on evolution.

1956 Winter Olympics
The 1956 Winter Olympics,ficially known as VII Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1956 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.

Feather duster
A feather duster is a tool.

Electrostatics
Electrostatics  is branch physics that deals with apparently stationary electric charges.

Coat Arms Republic
The coat arms Republic, as described by Article 96 Constitution, has a shield supported by an olive branch  a palm leaf ; above shield, a blue ribbon displays national motto: "Dios, Patria, Libertad" .

Eustis, Florida
Eustis is a city in Lake County, Florida, United States.

Fort Walton Beach, Florida
Fort Walton Beach is a city in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States.

Supercell
A supercell is a strong type thunderstorm with a thick, rotating updraft .

Kathleenco
Kathleen Babineauxco  is current governora.

Armenian hypothesis
The hypothesis suggests that Proto-Indo languages was spoken ind in millennium BC.

Wilsonian Armenia
Wilsonian Armenia is thatre drawn by Woodrow Wilson at Treaty Sèvres.

Yasuo Fukuda
Yasuo Fukuda  was Prime Minister, 2007-2008.

Mercenary
Mercenaries are soldiers who fight mainly for money, rather than forir country forir political beliefs.

Kere
Kere is a lake in, in Akmola Province.

Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Jean-Pierre Jeunet  is a French movie director.

Graham Yost
Graham Yost is a movie television screenwriter.

Longboat
A longboat is a long boat used by Vikings.

Jarrow
Jarrow is a town ind.

1952 Winter Olympics
The 1952 Winter Olympics,ficially known as VI Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1952 in Oslo, Norway.

1940 Summer Olympics
The anticipated 1940 Summer Olympics, whichre to beficially known as Games XII Olympiadiginally celebrated between September 21 October 6 1940 in Tokyo, Empire,re cancelled because World War II.

1936 Winter Olympics
The 1936 Winter Olympics,ficially known as IV Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1936 in town Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria,y.

Atlas (anatomy)
In anatomy, atlas is top "cervical vertebra"  spine.

Vertebra
Vertebrae  are individual irregular bones that make up spinal column  — a flexuous flexible column.

1928 Winter Olympics
The 1928 Winter Olympics,ficially known as II Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1928 in St.

Local government ind
For purposes local government,d is many as four levels administrative divisions.

1928 Summer Olympics
The 1928 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games IX Olympiad,re held in 1928 in Amsterdam,ds.

1924 Winter Olympics
The 1924 Winter Olympics,ficially known as I Olympic Winter Games,re celebrated in 1924 in Chamonix, Haute-Savoie,ce between 25 January 5 February 1924.

Realism
Realism is a word that can be used in many different ways.

Ridge (meteorology)
A ridge is a stretched area high atmospheric pressure recorded pressures.

Hurricane Hunters
Hurricane Hunters are special aircrafts that fly into around a tropical cyclone to gather information .

St. Vincentd, Florida
St.

Phencyclidine
Phencyclidine ,ened as PCP, is a dissociative drug that gives user hallucinogenic neurotoxic effects.

Philodendron
Philodendron  is commonly given to species Arum family, Araceae.

Sagittarius (astrology)
Sagittarius is astrological Zodiac sign that represents constellation Sagittarius.

Shell Oily
Shell Oily is an oil company that is popular oil gas producers in United States.

Noble Energy
Noble Energy, Inc.

Pakenham railway line, Melbourne
The Pakenham Railway Line is a Railway in Melbourne, Victoria.

Austrian Empire
The Empire was an empire that lasted in Europe from 1804 to 1867.

Pilot fish
The pilot fish  is a fish that lives in many places world.

Bălţi
Bălţi is-largest city in country Moldova.

Floyd Landis
Floyd Landis  is an cyclist, now remembered because Tour dece 2006 doping scandal.

Oscar Pereiro
Óscar Pereiro is a cyclist from Spain.

Hawksbill turtle
The Hawksbill Sea Turtle is an endangered species turtle.

1924 Summer Olympics
The 1924 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games VIII Olympiad,re held in 1924 in Paris,ce.

1906 Summer Olympics
The 1906 Summer Olympics, also called 1906 Intercalated Games,re held in Athens, Greece.

2012 Summer Olympics
The 2012 Summer Olympic Games,ficially known as Games XXX Olympiad, will be held in London, United Kingdom from 27 July to 12 August 2012, followed by 2012 Paralympic Games from 29 August to 9 September.

1952 Summer Olympics
The 1952 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XV Olympiad,re held in 1952 in Helsinki,d.

1948 Summer Olympics
The 1948 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XIV Olympiad,re held in 1948 at Wembley Stadium in London,d.

1944 Summer Olympics
The anticipated 1944 Summer Olympics, whichre to beficially known as Games XIII Olympiad,re cancelled because World War II.

1920 Summer Olympics
The 1920 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games VII Olympiad,re held in 1920 in Antwerp, Belgium.

1916 Summer Olympics
The anticipated 1916 Summer Olympics, whichre to beficially known as Games VI Olympiad,re to have been held in Berlin,y.

Morphology (linguistics)
Morphology is a way studying language .

Syntax
In linguistics, syntax is study rules that govern structure sentences.

1912 Summer Olympics
The 1912 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games V Olympiad,re held in 1912 in Stockholm, Sweden.

Vyacheslav Vsevolodovichov
Vyacheslav Vsevolodovichov  is a Soviet/Russian historical linguist.

Tamaz V. Gamkrelidze
Tamaz  V.

Georgian alphabet
The alphabet is in language other languages.

Cytosine
Cytosine is 5 main nucleobases used in storing transporting genetic information within a cell in nucleic acids DNA RNA.

1908 Summer Olympics
The 1908 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games IV Olympiad,re held in 1908 in London,d.

Guanine
Guanine is five main nucleobases found in nucleic acids DNA RNA.

Glottalicory
The glottalicory says that Proto-Indo had ejective stops instead voiceds,ly p’ t’ k’ rather than b d g, to traditional reconstruction Proto-Indo sound system.

Proto-Indos
The Proto-Indos are speakers newer version Proto-Indo language, a prehistoric people Chalcolithic early Bronze Age say to modernories at Neolithic even Paleolithic.

Urheimat
Urheimat  is a linguistic term meaningiginal homeland speakers a proto-language.

Anatolian hypothesis
The hypothesis Proto-Indoigin means that speakers Proto-Indo language lived in Anatolia during Neolithic era, is close to historical Indo languages with widening during Neolithic Revolution during millennia.

Rafael
Rafael  is all-known philologist historian.

Cross-country race
A Cross-country race is any running race that takes place on different types terrain.

Long distance race
A long distance race is any running event that is longer than 3000m on track.

Warsaw Convention
"distinguish Warsaw Pact, which was a defence treaty between nations" The Warsaw Convention is an international convention which regulates liability for international carriage persons, luggages performed by aircraft for reward.

Coroner
Coroner was a thrash metal band fromd.

Ritchies
Ritchies is independent supermarket group in IGA network.

Maggie Smith
Margaret Natalie Smith DBE  is a actress.

Blood Tsunami
Blood Tsunami is a thrash metal band from Oslo, Norway.

Bates College
Bates College is a liberal arts college in Lewiston, Maine.

Suffolk University
Suffolk University is an university in Boston, Massachusetts.

Stem (paraphernalia)
A glass stem with a funnel shaped 'bowlpiece' where substance is smoked.

French literature
French literature is literaturece.

Treaty Warsaw (1970)
The Treaty Warsaw  is a treaty between Westy People's Republicd.

Historyd
The Historyd is history rather different territories during past millennium.

Polish Union
The term "Polish union" means a development from personal union between Kingdomdd Duchyia to creation Commonwealth — "Republic Two Nations" — in 1569 eventually to creation a-lived unitary state in 1791.

Personal union
A personal union is a relationship two more sovereign states, which, through law, share same person asir head state.

Scordatura
Scordatura in music is a technique in which players string instruments tuneir strings to different notes from a normal tuning.

2028 Summer Olympics
The 2028 Summer Olympics, which will beficially known as Games XXXIV Olympiad, is an international athletic event that has yet to beganized byational Olympic Committee.

Armenian Origins
The Origins shows a link betweenss.

Etruscan language
The language was spoken written by civilization in ancient area Etruria  ins Lombardy, Veneto, Emilia-Romagna , in Italy.

Albanian language
The language is a Indo language.

Trialeti culture
The Trialeti culture was seen around millennium B.C.

Kura-Araxes culture
The Kura-Araxes culture Early trans culture, a people that lived from 3400 B.C until about 2000 B.C.

Biodiesel
Biodiesel is a type fuel prepared by modifying vegetable oil.

Nimrod
Nimrod  according to Bible was son, grandson Ham a "mighty hunter before Lord" who built cities at Akkad, Erech , Babel.

Julie Kavner
Julie Deborah Kavner  is an Emmy Award-winning actress, known for playing Brenda on "Rhoda" in 1970s, as an actress in several Woody Allen-directed films playing voice Marge Simpson on animated television show "The Simpsons".

Age Empires
Age Empires is a series real-time strategy computer games made by Ensemble studios published by Microsoft Game Studios.

Bridge (instrument)
A bridge on a string instrument isthing that stands on body instrument supports strings.

Brazilwood
Brazilwood Pau-Brasil,times known as Pernambuco ("Caesalpinia echinata" syn.

Chav
Chav, Charv/Charver  Chavette   are mainly negative slang words in United Kingdom for a subcultural stereotype people whoar fashions based on Hip-hop such as fake gold jewellery designer clothing, combined with elements working class street fashion.

Council house
The council house is a public housing found ind United Kingdom,times called social housing in modern times.

Midnight Madness
"Midnight Madness" is a 1980 comedy movie from Walt Disney Productions, starring David Naughton.

Barvas
Barvas Barabhas is a village on Isle Lewis.

Isle Lewis
The Isle Lewis is an island in Isles ind.

Stornoway
Stornoway is town in whole Isles.

Isle Skye
Isle Skye is an island in Inner Hebrides ind.

2024 Summer Olympics
The 2024 Summer Olympics, which will beficially known as Games XXXIII Olympiad, is an international athletic event that will beganized byational Olympic Committee.

2022 Winter Olympics
The 2022 Winter Olympics,ally called XXIV Olympic Winter Games is a sporting event thatational Olympic Committee has yet toganize.

Guarneri
Guarneri is a family famous violin makers from Cremona in Italy in centuries.

Amati
Amati is a family violin makers.

Guardiansd
Thesdre as King during two "interregnums" 1290-1292 1296-1302.

Montel Vontavious Porter
Alvin Burke, Jr.

Pretzel
A pretzel  is a baked snack that is traditionally unique knot-like shape.

Shoplifting
Shoplifting isft by stealings money from a retail store.

Portrait
A portrait is a painting a photograph a person's face its expression.

Steroid
A steroid is a drug that helps a person do better in areas such as sports, asll as givem more physical strength.

Road rage
Road rage is a word to violent behavior by a driver an automobile, which can possibly create accidents on streets.

Graceland
Graceland is a 13.8 acre estatee white-colored mansion that was owned by Elvis Presley.

High School Musical 2
"High School Musical 2" is a 2007 Disney television movie movie.

Harry Shearer
Harry Julius Shearer  is an comedic actor writer.

Nancy Cartwright
Nancy Campbell Cartwright  is an voice actress.

CoCo Lee
CoCo Lee  is a pop, dance urban contemporary singer.

Danieln
Danieln  is a French journalist.

Pound (mass)
A pound is a unit mass thing.

Eastern Armenia
Eastern Armenia was a Armenia that was merged with empire.

Western Armenia
Western Armenia , also Armenia, later Armenia, Armenia is a term coined following division Greater Armenia betweentine Empire  Persia  in 387 AC.

Kingdomd (1385–1569)
The Kingdomd Jagiellons lasted from 1385 to 1569.

Jagiellon dynasty
The Jagiellonsre a royal dynasty that came fromia reigned in Central countries  between century.

D'oh!
D'oh! , is a famous catchphrase created by fictional character Homer Simpson, from popular animated television series, "The Simpsons".

Aqua regia
Aqua regia  is a chemical substance.

Inari (mythology)
is "kami"  fertility, rice, agriculture, foxes, industry, success.

Kurgan hypothesis
The model Indoigins is on both archaeology linguistics to show detailed archaeological cultures with different stages Indo expansion.

Marija Gimbutas
Marija Gimbutas  , was a archeologist known for her research into Neolithic Bronze Age cultures "Old Europe", a new thing she introduced.

Luwians
Thes also known as "Luvians"re a people closely.

Phrygia
Phrygia  was a kingdom inst central Anatolia.

White Genocide
White Genocide  is words use to describe assimilation in West.

Didier Drogba
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily is a professional football player from Ivory Coast.

Muscatine, Iowa
Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County, Iowa.

Armenian Army
The Army is army Armenia.

Armenian Air Defense
The Air Defense is anti-aircraft group Armed Forces Armenia.

Armed Forces Armenia
The Armed Forces Republic Armenia is Army, Air Force, Air Defense, Border Guard.

President Armenia
President Armenia is head state Armenia since its independence from Soviet Union in 1991.

Levon Ter
Levon Ter  , also Levon Ter, was President Armenia from 1991 to 1998.

Musical tuning
In music tuning an instrument means getting it ready so that when it is played it will sound at correct pitch: not too high too low.

List members Red Army Faction
This is a list Members Red Army Faction.

Captain Köpenick
The Captain Köpenick  was a shoemaker, criminal impostor who became world-famous in 1906 for a trick he played in Berlin when he a Captain in army.

Hittites
The Hittitesre an ancient people from Kaneš who spoke an Indo language, established a kingdom centered at Hattusa  in north-central Anatolia from century BC.

Suppiluliuma II
Suppiluliuma II, son Tudhaliya IV, was last known king New Kingdom Hittite Empire, ruling 1207 BCE – c.1178 BCE, contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I Assyira.

Parthian relations withs
The empire had a friendly relations withs.

Battledeia
The Battledeia was a battle fought between Armenia Parthia against Empire.

Hydrochloric acid
Hydrochloric acid is a chemical compound.

Kobayr
Kobayr  is a century Apostolic Church monastery.

Hnevank
Hnevank  is a century Apostolic Church monastery.

Huntington's disease
Huntington's disease is a genetic disease that can be passed on from parent to child.

Adenoidectomy
Adenoidectomy is process taking a persons' adenoids from backir throat through process surgery.

Turkish Reconciliation Commission
The Reconciliation Commission was made in 2001 to help Turkey Armenia be closer.

ROT13
ROT13  is a very simple encryption cipher.

Tony Kahn
Tony Kahn is an radiohost, narrator, writer who has won many awards.

Dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane
DDT is all-known pesticide.

Nucleobase
Nucleobases are important for genetics.

Kėdainiai
Kėdainiai is a town in centeria.

Base pair
In molecular biology, two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA RNA strands that are connected by hydrogen bonds are called a base pair .

Complementarity (molecular biology)
In molecular biology, complementarity is a property  nucleic acids such as DNA RNA.

Glissando
In music a glissando is a slide up down notes a scale.

Almudena Cathedral
The Almudena Cathedral  is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid, Spain.

KIO Towers
The Puerta de Europa towers  are twofice buildings in Madrid.

Portamento
In music, portamento is a gradual slide from note to another.

Hydrogen bond
A hydrogen bond is a special type dipole-dipole bond that exists between an electronegative atom a hydrogen atom electronegative atom.

Thalidomide
Thalidomide is a drug.

United Arab Republic
The United Arab Republic was a countryed in 1957 when Egypt Syria joined together.

Drop goal
A drop goal, also a dropped goal field goal, is a method scoring points in rugby union rugby league.

Sibylline Books
The "Sibylline Books"re a collection prophecies in rhyme written in Greek.

2020 Summer Olympics
The 2020 Summer Olympics, which will beficially known as Games XXXII Olympiad is a sporting event thatational Olympic Committee  has yet toganize.

2016 Summer Olympics
The 2016 Summer Olympics,ficially known as Games XXXI Olympiad is a major international sports cultural event.

Molecular biology
Molecular biology is study biology at a molecular level.

Uracil
One can find Uracil in RNA, it base pairs with adenine is replaced by thymine in DNA.

Double stopping
Double stopping means playing two notes at once on a bowed string instrument by drawing bow across two strings at once while "stopping" two notes by pressing fingers down on fingerboard: finger on each two strings being played.

Saar (protectorate)
Saar wasd after World War Two, when it was under French control.

Lawe numbers
The Lawe numbers  is aorem from statistics.

Hennes & Mauritz
Hennes & Mauritz AB , is a clothing company.

Luchegorsk
Luchegorsk (Russian:Лучегорск, lit.

The Tell-Tale Heart
"The Tell-Tale Heart" is an 1843 story by Edgar Poe.

Boxe pieds-poings
In French, calls boxe pieds-poings , since years 1980, combat sports striking with boxing gloves.

Vibrato
Vibrato is a series very quick changes up down to pitch a note.

Glockenspiel
The glockenspiel is a type percussion instrument.

Titan A.E.
"Titan A.E." is a 2000 animated science fiction movie from Fox Animation Studios Twentieth Century Fox.

Nigella Lawson
Nigella Lawson  is an television chef, journalist, television presenter food-writer.

Pittsburg, Texas
Pittsburg is a city in state Texas.

Level 42
Level 42 is a Pop band from United Kingdom.

Johann Heinrich Schmelzer
Johann Heinrich Schmelzer  was a composer.

Oireachtas
The Oireachtas is national parliamentd.

Quasar
A quasar  happens when gas around a black hole goes in black hole.

Dáil Éireann
Dáil Éireann is lower house parliamentd.

Taoiseach
The Taoiseach is head government ind.

Anton
Anton  was an composer.

Seanad Éireann
Seanad Éireann is house parliament, Oireachtas.

Tseghakron
Tseghakron  began in Sofia in 1920s headed by Garegin Njdeh.

Protein biosynthesis
Protein biosynthesis  is when cells build proteins.

List California hurricanes
A California hurricane is a tropical cyclone that affects state California.

National Weather Service
The National Weather Service  is six scientific agencies that make up Nationalic Atmospheric Administration  United States government.

Yuma, Arizona
Yuma is a city in county seat Yuma County, Arizona, United States.

Storm surge
A storm surge is a sudden rise water hitting areas close to coastline.

California Current
The California Current is a Pacific current that starts along northwestern United States coast ends on southern tip Baja California peninsula.

Baja California peninsula
The Baja California Peninsula Lower California is a peninsula North America.

Sukkot
Sukkot  is a festival.

Waterworld
"Waterworld" is a 1995 science fiction movie.

Kevin Costner
Kevin Michael Costner  is an film actor, director producer.

Douglas Hyde
Douglas Hyde  was Presidentd from 1938 to 1945.

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh
Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh  served as Presidentd, from 1974 to 1976.

Translation (genetics)
Translation is process protein biosynthesis .

Gene expression
Gene expression is process by which inheritable information in a gene, such as DNA sequence, is made into a functional gene product, such as protein RNA.

Curtis (50 Cent album)
"Curtis" is album by rapper 50 Cent.

Šarplaninac
The Šarplaninac   is ae-sized shepherd dog breed region, from Šar mountains .

El Limón,á
El Limón  is a Municipal district Santa Bárbara deá,á province, Republic.

Théodore Chassériau
Théodore Chassériau  was a French romantic painter portraits, historical religious paintings, images inspired by his travels to Algeria.

Intermolecular force
In physics, chemistry, biology, intermolecular forces are forces that act between stable molecules between functional groups macromolecules.

Tanystropheus
Tanystropheus is a long necked reptile that lived in Middle Triassic period.

Yuryuzan
Yuryuzan  is town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.

Sim (town)
Sim  is town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.

Duff Beer (The Simpsons)
Duff Beer is a fictional alcoholic drink shown in animated television series "The Simpsons".

Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment
The Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment  Regiment) was a Soviet separate tank regiment during Second World War, it had a lot ethnics.

Sursk
Sursk  is town in Penza Oblast, Russia.

Lipki
Lipki  is town in Tula Oblast, Russia.

Lage
Lage is a city in Lippe district North Rhine-Westphalia,y, approximatively 8 km northwest Detmold.

Venture capital
Venture capital is a type private equity capital.

Moment inertia
Moment inertia, also called mass moment inertia, is rotational analog mass.

Multiple choice
Multiple choice questions ask people to choose answer from a list.

Angular velocity
In physics, angular velocity specifies angular speed at which an object is rotating along with direction in which it is rotating.

Angular frequency
In physics , angular frequency ω  is a scalar measure rotation rate.

Pseudovector
In physics mathematics, a pseudovector  is a quantity that transforms a vector under a proper rotation, but gains an additional sign flip under an improper rotation .

Twister (movie)
"Twister" is a 1996 disaster movie.

Spoke
A spoke is several rods radiating from center a wheel , connecting hub with round traction surface.

Main Page/Article 11
Nickel Creek is an acoustic musical group.

Main Page/Article 13
The violin is a string instrument that is played with a bow.

Midwestern United States/VGA stub
The United States  is a for north-central states United States America.

Examination
An examination is a special test to see howbody is atthing.

Irish Republic
Ind,d, Republicd, Republicd aretimes used as ify are different words for same country.

Super Bros. Brawl
Super Bros.

Final Fantasy Tacticsce
Final Fantasy Tacticsce is a role-playing game made by Square Enix for Nintendo Game Boyce.

X-Men (movie)
"X-Men" is a 2000 superhero movie based upon fictional characters.

Kingston upon Hull
Kingston upon Hull,tenened to Hull, is a city unitary authority in East Ridingire,d.

Riding (division)
In United Kingdom, a riding was a section ae county.

Pulkkila
Pulkkila is a village ind.

Emmental cheese
Emmental cheese  is a Swiss cheese.

Emmental
Emmental is ad.

2001 Pacific hurricane season
The 2001 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started on May 15, 2001 in eastern Pacific, on June 1, 2001 in central Pacific, lasted until November 30, 2001.

2000 Pacific hurricane season
The 2000 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cyclone meteorology.

2006 Pacific hurricane season
The 2006 Pacific hurricane season was an event in annual cycle tropical cycloneation.

1997 Pacific hurricane season
The 1997 Pacific hurricane season was a yearly event in tropical cyclone meteorology.

1987 Pacific hurricane season
The 1987 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started May 15, 1987 in eastern Pacific, June 1, 1987 in central Pacific, lasted until November 30, 1987.

1976 Pacific hurricane season
The 1976 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cycloneation.

Kronosaurus
Kronosaurus was sea species plesiosaurs, known as pliosaurs, with distinctive feature a much, thicker neck.

Fermat number
A Fermat number is a special positive number.

Blowup
Blowup is a 1966 drama movie.

Improper rotation
An improper rotation can be understood as an inversion followed by a proper rotation.

Endorphin
Endorphins are proteins that are similar to opioids.

Team Fortress 2
Team Fortress 2 is a multiplayer,-person shooter video game by a company called Valve Corporation.

Big Black
Big Black was an noise rock band.

Company Heroes
"Company Heroes" is a strategy video game where you control soldiers inder to win.

Game & Watch
The "Game & Watch" was a series, hand-held video games made by Nintendo from 1980 to 1991.

Fecundity
Fecundity, coming from word "fecund", generally means ability to reproduce.

Séan T Ó Ceallaigh
 was Presidentd.

Teachta Dála
A Teachta Dála, is a member Dáil Éireann, lower house parliament.

Léo Delibes
Léo Delibes  (born St.

Rugrats
"Rugrats" is an animated television programme created by Arlene Klasky, Gábor Csupó, Paul Germain for Nickelodeon.

Displacement vector
A Displacement vector is a concept from mathematics.

Enkephalin
Enkephalinsre endorphins thatre discovered in brain.

Biochemical receptor
In biochemistry, receptors are special structures that can be found in cells.

Coppélia
"Coppélia" is a sentimental comic ballet with music by Léo Delibes.

Pan movement
Pan Movement  is an ideological political movement promoting unification all-speaking peoples Europe.

IMVU
IMVU is an instant messaging client that uses three dimensional avatars to represent people.

Constance Georgine, Countess Markiewicz
Constance, Countess Markiewicz, born asce Georgine Gore-Booth on February 4, 1868, died July 15, 1927), was an Sinn Féinna Fáil.

Nas
Nas is a Hip hop musician .

United Kingdom Great Britaind
The United Kingdom Great Britaind wasal United Kingdom from 1 January 1801 until 12 April 1927.

Xerox
Xerox is a brand copy machines paper.

Agneta Sjödin
Agneta Sjödin  is a television host.

Baroque
Baroque is a style epoch.

Éamon de Valera
Éamon de Valera   was dominant political figures in centuryd.

Operetta
Operetta is a term which used in century to describe an opera that was not too seriousten full fun.

Investiture
Investiture meansal installationbody  in publicfice byally giving him "insignia".

Insignia
Insignia  is a symbol token personal power, statusfice, anficial body government jurisdiction.

Irish War Independence
The War Independence was fought by Army  against soldiers whore trying to keepd under control.

Bishop (chess)
A bishop  is a piece in board game chess.

Bathurst 1000
The Bathurst 1000 is a car race held at Mount Panorama, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia.

Southtic tropical cyclone
A Southtic tropical cyclone is an unusualather event.

Opera buffa
Opera buffa is an term meaning “comic opera”.

Opera seria
"Opera seria" is an term which refers to "serious" style opera in century.

Mosbach
Mosbach is a town in state Baden-Württemberg,y.

Countiesd
The 32 historic counties on islandd.

Melk Abbey
Melk Abbey Stift Melk is a Benedictine abbey.

Walenstadt
Walenstadt is a city in eastd.

Exhibitionism
Exhibitionism is a tendency people have.

Norman Rockwell
Norman Rockwell  was a famous painter.

Zuiderzee Works
The Zuiderzeewerken  are a system dams, land reclamation water drainage works,] project undertaken byds during twentieth century.

Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto
Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto  was a architect who made many important contributions to architecture.

Crook Devon
The Crook Devon is aire village about 6 miles southst Kinross on A977.

Opéra-comique
Opéra comique is a French opera tradition.

Vaudeville
A Vaudeville was a French satirical poem song in centuries.

Capelle aan den IJssel
Capelle aan den IJssel is a city at east side Rotterdam.

Poppy
A Poppy is a flower.

Time signature
A time signature is a set two numbers, on top other, written right after key signature in a piece music.

Really Simple Syndication
RSS is a family Web feedats updated content such as blog entries, news headlines podcasts.

European Union member state
A Union member state is any twenty-seven countries that have joined Union  since its inception in 1958 as Economic Community .

Quetzal
Quetzals are brightly colored birds in Americas.

The Powerpuff Girls
"The Powerpuff Girls" is a 1998 children's cartoon on Cartoon Network about three girls in Kindergarten who have superpowers.

Teutonic Knights
The Teutonic Knights is a Catholic militaryder.

Renju
Renju is a version board game Gomoku.

Nainital
Nainital is a town in stated headquarters Nainital district in Kumaon foothills Himalayas.

24 (TV series)
"24" is an Emmy Golden Globe winning television series broadcast by Fox Network in USA shown worldwide.

Tony Award for Best Musical
This is a list winners nominations for Tony Award for Best Musical, awarded in 1949.

Queen Anne's Revenge
Queen Anne's Revenge was Blackbeard's famous pirate ship.

Mouthpiece (brass)
A brass mouthpiece is a brass instrument that a player blows into to make a sound.

Erskine Hamilton Childers
Erskine Hamilton Childers , was son Robert Erskine Childers (author spy thriller "The Riddle Sands".

Tánaiste
, is deputy head government Republicd.

Irish Free State
The Free State  was Republicd from 1922 to 1937.

2018 Winter Olympics
The 2018 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XXIII Olympic Winter Games, is a sporting event thatational Olympic Committee  has yet toganize will be celebrated in 2018.

Kabyles people
The Kabyles ) are a Berber people.

Berber languages
The Berber languages / Tamazight are a group closely related languages mainly spoken in Morocco Algeria.

Southernd
Southernd was twenty-six county state created bymentd Act 1920.

Züsedom
Züsedom is a village in Mecklenburg,y.

Bankstown Bunker
The Bankstown Bunker was a top secret Air Force base that was once used during Second World War.

Master Sword
The Master Sword is a sword found in The Legend Zelda series.

Coldplay
Coldplay is an rock banded in 1996 in London.

Sleeping sickness
Sleeping sickness is a disease.

Ayyubid dynasty
The Ayyubid Ayyoubid Dynasty was a Muslim dynastyigins which ruled Egypt, Syria, Yemen , Diyar Bakr, Mecca, Hejaz northern Iraq in centuries.

Vice-President Executive Council Free State
The Executive Council was cabinet Free State, it was headed by "President Executive Council".

Tsetse fly
Tsetse flies are flies that live in Africa.

Pun
.

P-51g
The P-51g was an fighter made by North Aviation during World War II.

Airsoft
Airsoft is a sport that uses fake guns to battle.

MiG-15 Fagot
The MiG-15 Fagot was an airplane made by, a airplane maker.

F-86 Sabre
The F-86 Sabre (nicknamed "Sabre jet" was an fighter plane made by North Aviation.

Patrick Hillery
He wasd'sCommissioner, serving for three years until he became President in 1976.

MiG-21bed
The MiG-21bed is an airplane made by.

Pantyhose
Pantyhose is a piece women's clothing that covers waist down.

Tights
Tights are a tight fitting clothing made spandex.

Cockatiel
Cockatiels are birds from Australia.

North Hollywood shootout
The North Hollywood shootout was a gunfight that happened on Febuary 28, 1997.

AR-15
The AR-15 is an assault rifle made by ArmaLite in 1958 by Eugene Stoner.

Timpani
Timpani  are drums that aren madee bowls that aren usually made coppern converted by craftsmen,n after tuning are covered externally, over each which isn stretched a skin-like material,n a type vellum, but modern is a synthetic skin.

Hurricane Lorenzo (2007)
Hurricane Lorenzo wasd storm hurricane 2007tic hurricane season.

Supergiant
Supergiants are stars in Universe.

Tipton
Tipton is a town in Sandwell borough Westds,d, with a population around 47,000.

Organic matter
Organic matter  is matter that has come from a recently livingganism.

Mary Robinson
Mary Robinson  was female Presidentd, serving from 1990 to 1997.

MotorStorm
"MotorStorm" is a racing video game.

Athletic shoe
An athletic shoe is a for a shoe physical activities, is different in style build than a dress shoe.

Achtung Baby
"Achtung Baby" is studio album by rock band U2.

Trail Tears
Trail Tears was a forced movements in United States.

Tropical cyclogenesis
Tropical cyclogenesis is a meteorological word tropical cycloneation, its strengthening over atmosphere.

Archbishop
Inity, an archbishop is an important bishop.

Devolution
Devolution is giving government powers to a important government body.

5566 (band)
5566 is a boy-band.

Fahrenheit (band)
Fahrenheit  is a boy band.

Laborschule Bielefeld
Laborschule Bielefeld  is school in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Jody Scheckter
Jody David Scheckter  is a South auto racing driver.

Programme forational Student Assessment
The Programme forational Student Assessment is a test done byisation for Economic Co-operation Development .

Doris Lessing
Doris Lessing  is a writer.

An Najaf
Najaf  is a city in Iraq.

Karbala
Karbala  is a city in Iraq.

Are You Smarter a Grader?
"Are You Smarter A Fifth Grader?" is a television game show based on asking grade-school level questions to adults.

Washington State University
Washington State University is a state universityington, along with Universityington.

Land-grant university
A land-grant university is a college university built on land United States government owned.

Pullman,ington
Pullman is a city in County, on eastern borderington.

F-8 Crusader
The F-8 Crusader was an fighter plane made by Vought.

A-7 Corsair II
The A-7 Corsair II was an attack plane F-8 Crusader.

F-4tom II
The F-4tom II was an bomber fighter mainly during Vietnam War.

Kappa (folklore)
The Kappa  is a character in folklore.

Oni (folklore)
An Oni is a creature from folklore.

Tengu
Tengu are a group creatures from folklore.

John McCain
John McCain  is a United States Senator from Arizona.

WikiHow
wikiHow is a wiki-basedbsite with a collection articles which tell people how to do things.

Oregano
Oregano Pot Marjoram  is a species "Origanum".

Origanum
Origanum is a genus herbs.

Basil
Basil   is a plant Family Lamiaceae.

Cockapoo
A Cockapoo  is a hybrid dog.

Short story
The story is a genre literature.

2014 Winter Olympics
The 2014 Winter Olympics,ficially known as XXII Olympic Winter Games, is an international winter sports event that will be celebrated from February 7 to February 23, 2014.

1944 Winter Olympics
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics, which would have beenficially known as V Olympic Winter Games , would have been celebrated in 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.

1940 Winter Olympics
The 1940 Winter Olympics, should have been held in Sapporo,, on February 3 - 12, 1940.

Alonso Berruguete
Alonso González de Berruguete,   was a painter, sculptor architect.

Alonso Sánchez Coello
Alonso Sánchez Coello,  was portrait painterce pioneers great tradition portrait painting.

Western Union
The Union  is a defence securityganization.

Guy Fawkes Night
Guy Fawkes Night is a festival in Britain, on 5 November.

Enchanted (video game)
"Enchanted" is a video game in Disney Princesses series.

Nationalic Atmospheric Administration
The Nationalic Atmospheric Administration  is a scientific agency United States government that is oceans surrounding United States atmosphere.

Tracey
Tracey  is a-born, now U.S.

The Tracey Show
"The Tracey Show" was aekly television variety show, hosted by comedian pop singer Tracey.

Joaquín Sorolla
Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida , was a painter, born in Valencia.

Laienspiegel
The work commonly Laienspiegel is a book law.

Berlin Blockade
The Berlin Blockade was from June 24 1948 to May 11 1949.

Francisco Herrera Younger
Francisco Herrera Younger , was a Baroque painter architect.

Francisco Herrera Elder
Francisco Herrera  was a distinguished painter, born at Seville.

Lancelet
The lancelets  are a group primitive chordates.

Regionalet registry
A regionalet registry  is anganization which is responsible for registringet numbers in a special world.

Master Of Puppets (album)
"Master Puppets" is Metallica's album.

Anna Göldi
Anna Göldi   was probably last person in Europe to be executed as a witch.

Neue Zürcher Zeitung
The Neue Zürcher Zeitung  is a Swiss daily newspaper.

KOffice
KOffice is a freefice suite for K Desktop Environment .

Senna (herb)
Senna candolleana Golden Senna associates with "Lithrea" "Porlieria chilensis" in Central Chile Matorrals pure stands..

Tropical Storm Gabrielle (2007)
Tropical Storm Gabrielle was a moderate tropical storm that moved over eastern North Carolina before turningwards to sea.

Donkey vote
A Donkey vote is whereone numbers an election ballot paper inder candidates being listed.

Mariano Fortuny (painter)
Mariano José María Bernardo Fortuny y Carbó , was a painter.

No Doubt
No Doubt is a wave ska alternative rock band from Anaheim, California, United States.

Matchbox Twenty
Matchbox Twenty  is an alternative rock band fromdo, Florida, United States.

Albany, Australia
Albany is a city in Australia.

Kalgoorlie, Australia
Kalgoorlie is a city in Australia.

Joondalup, Australia
Joondalup is a suburb regional city in Perth, Australia.

Mandurah, Australia
Mandurah is a city south Perth, Australia.

Bunbury, Australia
Bunbury is city in Australia, behind Perth Mandurah, with a population 54,967.

Rockingham, Australia
Rockingham is a suburb in city Perth, Australia.

Esperance, Australia
Esperance is a town in Australia with a population 13,269.

Mandurah railway line, Perth
The Mandurah railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia.

Transperth
Transperth is brand public transport system in Perth, Australia.

Joondalup railway line, Perth
The Joondalup line is a major public transport railway line in Perth, Australia.

Armadale railway line, Perth
The "Armadale railway line is a major public transport route in Perth.

Silverchair
Silverchair is a rock band from Newcastle, Australia.

Avet
Avet  was a leading composer, awarded by Konrad Adenauer prize.

Bob Denard
"Colonel" Bob Denard , also known as Said Mustapha Mahdjoub, was a French mercenary.

Eutheria
Eutheria is taxonomical for a group animals.

Tito Beltrán
Tito Ernesto Beltrán  is a tenor.

Cetartiodactyla
Cetartiodactyla is taxonomical superorder which includes whales  even-toed ungulates.

Tetrapod
Tetrapods  are vertebrate animals.

Voivodeship
Aip, also spelledip, Voivodina Vojvodina , "vojvodstvo"  "vojvodovina" ,: "vajdaság",: "vaivadija", Latin "Palatinatus" ind), is a geographical administrative division dating to medievalia, Hungary,d,ia, Latvia, Russia Serbia , ruled by a voivod .

President Republicd
The President Republicd  is presidentd.

Tadeusz Kościuszko
Andrzej Tadeusz Bonawentura Kościuszko  was a national hero, general a leader Kościuszko Uprising  against Empire.

Wes Archer
Wesley "Wes" Archer  is a television animation director.

David
David  is an animator writer.

Bill Kopp
Bill Kopp  is an animator voice actor.

Klasky Csupo
Klasky Csupo, Inc.

Bergkamen
Bergkamen is a town in district Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Renewable energy commercialisation in Australia
Australia's renewable energy industries cover numerous energy sources stages commercialisation.

Renewable energy commercialization in United States
The current status renewable energy commercialization in United States varies considerably between different renewable energy technologies, with being commercialized at present time.

Low kick
Low kick is a leg technique used in certain "boxes pieds-poings"  certain martial arts.

Spider-Man (movie)
"Spider-Man" is an 2002 movie.

Uncle Ben
In Marvel Comics, Benjamin "Ben" Parker, usually called Uncle Ben was Spider-Man’s Uncle.

John
John  was an tinker, preacher writer.

Smith (metalwork)
A smith, metalsmith, is a person who makes things from metal.

Allegory
An allegory  is a story which has a hidden meaning.

Newport Pagnell
Newport Pagnell is a town ind.

Amniote
The amniotes are a taxonomical family animals.

List mayors Hamburg
The is "First Mayor" Hamburg,y.

Synapsid
Synapsids , also known as Theropsids , is a taxonomical class animals.

The Pilgrim's Progress
"The Pilgrim's Progress" by John  is important books in literature.

The
"The" is a racing video game made by Electronic Arts.

Mayak accident
The Mayak accident is a nuclear accident.

Radiation poisoning
Radiation poisoning  is a damage done togans, because radiation.

Typhoon Sepat (2007)
Typhoon Sepat  was tropical storm 2007 Pacific typhoon season that affected Philippines made landfall in.

Louis de Broglie
Louis-Victor-Pierre-Raymond, duc de Broglie,  was a French physicist who discovered that electrons have two natures similar to bothicles waves.

Las Galeras,á
Las Galeras is a Municipal district Santa Bárbara deá,á province.

Induno Olona
Induno Olona is a city in northern Italy, in Lombardy region, near, with a population 10.000 inhabitants.

Swordfish
Swordfish  aree fish characterized by a long, flat bill.

Carreño deda
Juan Carreño deda  was a painter Baroque period.

Late Old
Late Old  is an old language.

Old
Old  is oldest known language.

Tom Jerry
"Tom Jerry" is a Academy-Award winning animated cartoon series Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films.

Tynwald
Tynwald is oldest government continuous existence in world, dating back over 1000 years, following Papacy.

Possum
A possum is a marsupial.

Gotha
Gotha is a town in Thuringia, iny.

Palmd,d
Palmd, also known as Great Palmd, by Aboriginal, is an island with about 2,000 people living on it.

Igrejinha
Igrejinha is a city state Riode do Sul.

Arroyo Barril,á
Arroyo Barril is a Municipal district Santa Bárbara deá,á province in Republic.

Intolerable Acts
The Intolerable Acts Coercive Actsres given by colonists to a number laws passed by Parliament in 1774.

Mike Zambidis
"Iron" Mike Zambidis  is a Greek kickboxer.

Indo-Greek Kingdom
The Indo-Greek Kingdom was ins northwest northern subcontinent  from 180 BCE to around 10 CE, was ruled by a succession more than thirty Hellenic Hellenistic kings.

Mirage 2000
The Mirage 2000 is a French-built multirole fighter jet manufactured by Dassault Aviation.

Helensburgh, New South Wales
Helensburgh is a town with a population 5000+ residents in New South Wales, Australia.

Hugo Award
The Hugo Award is an award given each year for science fiction fantasy works previous year.

Schlenkerla
Schlenkerla is a famous old brewery tavern in Bamberg, Bavaria,y.

Gabelmann
Then  is a statue with a fountain in Bamberg,y.

Bamberg Symphony Orchestra
The Bamberger Symphoniker  is a world-famouschestra from city Bamberg,y.

Lübeck law
The Lübeck law  was a few charters for town privileges.

Alfonso Daniel Rodríguez Castelao
Alfonso Daniel , also known as Castelao'", was a writer on language main symbols Galicia.

Emilia Pardo
Emilia Pardo Bazán   was a author scholar.

Bamberg Cathedral
Bamberg Cathedral is famous cathedralsy.

Hypothalamus
Hypothalamus is a gland that is located at base brain.

Square yard
A square yard  is United States unit measurement for area.

Ahmednagar
Ahmednagar is a city Ahmednagar District in statetra, India, on left bank Sina river, about 120 Kilometres northeast Pune 120 km fromgabad.

Steering wheel (ship)
The wheel a ship is modern method changing angle rudder to change direction boat ship.

F-14 Tomcat
The F-14 Tomcat is a fighter plane made for Navy.

F-16 Fighting Falcon
The F-16 Fighting Falcon  is an light fighter.

M1d
Image:Garand clip.jpg|thumb|The 8 bullet clip Image:Marines-camp-pendleton-1943.jpg|thumb|US Marines with M1 in 1943 The M1d is a rifle that wasly used by US Army during World War 2.

Dark Horse Comics
Dark Horse Comics is an company that creates comic books manga.

Ernst Theodor Amadeusn
Ernst Theodor Amadeusn  was a writer, composer, music critic, painter, caricaturist lawyer.

Hydrogen atom
A hydrogen atom is an atom chemical element hydrogen.

Fuel cell
A Fuel cell converts hydrogen into electricity by chemically binding it to oxygen, from which results water.

Live at Wembley (Beyoncé DVD)
"Live at Wembley" is a DVD/CD by R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.

IPod classic
The iPod classic was type iPod.

Leo von Caprivi
Georg Leo von Caprivi, later Georg Leo "Graf" von Caprivi de Caprara de Montecuccoli , born; February 24, 1831 – February 6, 1899) was a major general politician, who succeeded Otto von Bismarck ascellory.

Columbia, Missouri
Columbia is a city in U.S.

Santa Bárbara deá
The city Santa Bárbara deá, simplyá, is head municipalityá province, on south coast peninsulaá.

Amateur
The word amateur is normally:body who doesthing (e.g.

Jogging
Jogging is running at a slow speed.

Birdwatching
Birdwatching birding means goingside to enjoy watching birds.

Albert, Prince Consort
Prince Albert Saxe-Coburg Gotha  was husband Queen Victoria.

East Berlin
East Berlin was eastern Berlin between 1949 1990.

Württemberg-Baden
Württemberg-Baden wasiginal states Federal Republicy.

Württemberg
Württemberg wasiginal states Federal Republicy.

Noraduz cemetery
Noraduz cemetery  is a medieval cemetery with many ancient khachkars in village Noraduz, Gegharkunik marz near Gavar Lake, 90 km north.

Safavid dynasty
The Safavids re an Shia dynasty mixediigins which ruled from 1501/1502 to 1722.

La Scala
The "Teatro alla Scala", usually known as La Scala, is probably famous opera house in world.

Roger Guillemin
Roger Charles Louis Guillemin  received National Medal Science in 1976, Nobel Prize in Physiology Medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones.

Andrew W. Schally
Andrzej Wiktor Schally, also known as Andrew W.

Hyde Park, London
Hyde Park is parks in central London,d Royal Parks London, famous for its Speakers' Corner.

Kensington Gardens
"See also Kensington Gardens, South Australia, a suburb Adelaide, Australia" Kensington Gardens, once private gardens Kensington Palace, is Royal Parks London, lying immediately tost Hyde Park.

Delfzijl
Delfzijl is a town in very northds.

The Great Exhibition
The Great Exhibition, also known as Crystal Palace Exhibition, was an international exhibition held in Hyde Park, London,d, from 1 May to 15 October 1851 in a series World's Fair exhibitions culture industry thatre to be a popular century feature.

Spandau
Spandau issternmost borough  Berlin.

Peterborough
Peterborough is a city ind.

TSV Schwieberdingen
TSV Schwieberdingen is a football club.

Las Terrenas,á
Las Terrenas is a municipality iná province, on north coast peninsulaá.

Schwieberdingen
Schwieberdingen is a city in center Baden-Württemberg iny.

Sánchez,á
Sánchez is a municipality iná province, on south coast peninsulaá.

RSA algorithm
In Cryptography, RSA is an algorithm for public-key cryptography.

Parking
Parking a vehicle means leaving itwhere at end a journey when driver wants to stop for a while.

Horsham
Horsham is a market town in West Sussex,d with a population roughly 50,000.

Lemgo
Lemgo is a city in Lippe district in North Rhine-Westphalia,y, with a population c.

Kit Cat Clock
A Kit Cat Clock Felix Cat Clock is an art deco style clock.

St Michael's Church, Bamberg
The Michaelskirche  in Bamberg is a century church.

Principia Mathematica
The "Principia Mathematica" is an important 1910 book by written by Alfred North Whiteheadd Russell about mathematics, logic philosophy.

Rampart
A rampart is a defensive mound earth a wall with a broad top usually a stone parapet; a wall-like ridge earth, stones debris; an embankment for defensive purpose.

Punta Arenas
"Punta Arenas" (lit.

Santiago Rusiñol
Santiago Rusiñol  was a naturalist painter, author, playwright.

Slaughterhouse
A slaughterhouse, also called by French word abattoir, is a building where farm animals are killed.

Alfons Schuhbeck
Alfons Schuhbeck was born on 2 May 1949 in Traunstein,Upper Bavaria,y.

Skatval
Skatval is a village in municipality called Stjørdal in province Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.

Red Ring Death
The Xbox 360 game console can have many problems.

Gefjun
Gefjun  is Æsir in Norse mythology.

Stade dece
The Stade dece is a Multipurpose stadium in Paris,ce.

Melbourne Cricket Ground
The Melbourne Cricket Ground is a Cricket, australian rules football stadium in Melbourne, Australia.

Tanning
Tanning is process turning animal skin  into leather.

Romanesque architecture
Romanesque architecture is a term that describes style architecture which was used in Europe from late century until century when it style.

Bypass (road)
A bypass is a road highway that goes round a town village so that traffic which is passing that town does not have to go through town centre.

Rhine-Main-Danube Canal
The Rhine-Main-Danube Canal  is a canal that joins up three rivers Rhine, Main Danube so that boats can travel from to other.

Bypass
Bypass can have several meanings.

Berlin-Mitte
Berlin-Mitte Mitte is central borough Berlin .

B'Day Anthology Video Album
"B'Day Anthology Video Album" is a video album, released by R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé.

Upgrade U
"Upgrade U" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles.

Beyoncé Knowles discography
This is discography, certification, music video information R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.

The Beyoncé Experience
The Beyoncé Experience is a 2007 worldwide concert tour by singer, songwriter, actress Beyoncé Knowles.

Beautiful Liar
"Beautiful Liar" is a song recorded by R&B singer Beyoncé singer Shakira.

DNA polymerase
DNA polymerase is an enzyme in body that can replicate existing DNA.

Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is prime minister Turkey.

Abu Talib
Abu Talib was uncle Prophet Muhammad.

Doom 2
Doom 2 , is a sequel to-person shooter game Doom.

Deathmatch
A deathmatch  is a common gameplay mode included in many shooter real-time strategy  computer games "MilSim" games airsoft paintball.

Samaná Bay
Samaná Bay  is a bay in northeast Republic, southá Peninsula.

Halibut
Halibut is a flatfishten living in Northtic North Pacific oceans.

Sola (manga)
"Sola" is a anime series initially written by "Kanon" main writer, Naoki Hisaya together withiginal character designer Naru Nanao.

Ornithischia
Ornithischia is ander beaked, herbivorous dinosaurs.

Miss Earth
The Miss Eartht is an international beauty contest.

Krauchthal
Krauchthal is a village in Canton Bern.

Dangerously in Love
"Dangerously in Love" is solo debut album by R&B singer Beyoncé, released on June 24 2003 in United States June 23 2003 in United Kingdom on Columbia Records.

Until End Time (Justin Timberlake song)
"Until End Time" is a R&B song written by Justin Timberlake, Tim Mosley, Nate Hills is single from deluxe edition his studio album "LoveSounds".

Inquisition
The Inquisition is for a number judgments.

Lahore
Lahore is city in.

Punjab (Pakistan)
Punjab is a province in.

Peshawar
Peshawar is a city in, it is capitalia.

B'Day
"B'Day" is studio album by R&B singer Beyoncé, released by Columbia Records on 1 September 2006side North America, on September 4, 2006 worldwide, on September 5, 2006 in Canada United States.

Aldeburgh Festival
The Aldeburgh Festival is an arts festival where classical music concerts take place during summer.

Peter Pears
Sir Peter Pears   was an tenor life-longner composer Benjamin Britten.

Me, Myself I
"Me, Myself I" is an R&B/neo soul song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Robert Waller for Knowles' solo debut studio album "Dangerously in Love" .

Sexy Little Thug
"Sexy Little Thug" is a song by Beyoncé Knowles on her album "Speak My Mind".

Encore (concert)
An encore at a concert is an extra piece that is played at end concert.

Cay
A cay  is a, low island consistingly sand coral situated on top a coral reef.

Sarcopterygii
Sarcopterygii  is a taxonomical class animals.

Actinopterygii
The Actinopterygii  is a taxonomical class animals.

Extended play
Extended play  is a given to CDs which contain more music than a single, but are too to be called a music album.

Richard von Weizsäcker
Dr.

Millennium Stadium
The Millennium Stadium is a football stadium in Cardiff, Wales.

National Collegiate Athletic Association
The National Collegiate Athletic Association  is a college sportsganization in United States.

The Happy Mondays
The Happy Mondaysre an alternative rock band from Manchester who became popular in 1980s.

Adidas
The Adidas AG is a major sports apparel manufacturer, Adidas Group, consisting Reebok sportswear company, Taylormade golf company, Maxfli golf balls, Adidas golf is sportswear manufacturer in world.

Joy Division
Joy Divisionre an rock band.

New Order
New Order was a band from Manchester, popular in 1980s.

Peter Hook
Peter "Hooky" Hook  is an bass guitar player.

Bernard Sumner
Bernard Sumner is a singer with band New Order.

Chorlton-on-Medlock
Chorlton-on-Medlock is a district Manchester ind.

Ultimate Fightingip
Ultimate Fightingip  is a U.S.-based mixed martial arts ganization, currently seen as MMA promotion in world.

Chorlton-cum-Hardy
Chorlton-cum-Hardy is a southern district Manchester,d.

Acropolis
The word acropolis  means edge a town a high city.

Wokingham
Wokingham is a town inire in southd.

California wildfires October 2007
The California wildfires October 2007 are more than 20 wildfires still active burning in California, making over 1,000,000 people have to leaveir homes, breaking at least 1,500 homes buildings moving in on at least 56,000 more.

Parasaurolophus
Parasaurolophus is a genusnithopod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous Period is now North America, about 76-73 million years ago.

Thai boxing
Thai boxing  is a combat sport  that has been developed ind.

Carrefour
Carrefour SA  is a French international hypermarket chain, with a global networklets.

Never Say Never
"Never S-A-Y Never" is album by R&B singerdy, released bytic Records on June 8, 1998 in Europe on June 9, 1998 in North America.

Soviet occupation zone
The Soviet Occupation Zone  Ostzone, Sovetskaya zonaii, "Soviet Zoney") was area easterny occupied by Soviet Union from 1945 on, at end World War II.

Iron Man (disambiguation)
Sports.

Iron Man (song)
"Iron Man" is a song by Black Sabbath.

Death in Venice (opera)
"Death in Venice" is an opera by Benjamin Britten.

Saargebiet
The Territory Saar Basin was usually called Saar.

William Walton
Sir William Walton,  was a composer conductor.

List composers
This is a list composers.

Free City Danzig
The Free City Danzig  was an self-governing port on Baltic Sea port a city-state.

Surf's Up (movie)
"Surf's Up" is an computer-animated movie released on June 7, 2007 by Columbia Pictures.

Baby Boy
"Baby Boy" is a Middle-influenced R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Paul, Robert Waller, Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" .

List heads state Free City Danzig
The Free City Danzig  existed between 1920 1939.

Main
Main is group dialects that are spoken in centrey, in area known asconia near river Main.

Port Arthur, Texas
Port Arthur is a city that was hit bye Alicia on August 18, 1983.

Moisture
Moisture isly means presence water,ten in trace amounts.

Marta Colvin
Marta Colvin Andrade,  was a sculptor.

Bárbara Portugal
Bárbara Portugal  was a princess, daughter King John V Portugal, Houseza, his wife, Maria Anna Austria.

List Arizona hurricanes
An Arizona hurricane is a tropical cycloneing in eastern Pacific that affects state Arizona in United States.

Mallard
The Mallard  is-known recognizable all ducks.

Naughty Girl
"Naughty Girl" is an R&B/disco song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Robert Waller, Angela Beyincé for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" .

Yankee Stadium
The Yankee Stadium is a baseball stadium in New York City, New York in United States.

British occupation zone
The Allied powers who defeated Naziy in World War II divided country into four occupation zones from 1945 to 1949.

Greater Hesse
Greater Hesse  was a Occupation Zoney after World War II The Empire broke up after World War I.

Mioriţa
Mioriţa "" is a traditional ballad.

Muzio Clementi
Muzio Clementi was a composer who lived from 1752 to 1832.

Chromatography
Chromatography is a way to separate single chemical compounds from mixed substances that depends on speed at whichy move through special "media", chemical substances.

IPhone
The iPhone is a mobile phone made by Apple Inc.

Concert hall
A concert hall is a place where concerts classical music take place.

Madrigal
A madrigal is a special song for a group people to sing.

Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld
The Duchy Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was "Ernestine duchies".

Sonora
Sonora is a state, located in northwestern Mexico region.

Monsoon
A monsoon is a seasonal wind which lasts for several months.

Baja California
Baja California is a state located in northern section Baja California peninsula.

Verizon Ladies First Tour
"Verizon Ladies First Tour" is a 2004 joint concert tour by R&B/soul singers Beyoncé Alicia Keys rapper Missy Elliott.

Dangerously in Love World Tour
The Dangerously In Love World Tour was singer Beyoncé's solo concert tour, songs from her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love".

Vikidia
Vikidia is an encyclopedia made with a wiki, using mediawiki.

Déjà Vu (Beyoncé song)
"Déjà Vu" is an funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Rodney Jerkins,a Thomas, Makeba, Keli Nicole Price, Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' solo album, "B'Day" .

If (Beyoncé song)
"If" is an R&B Ballad by Beyoncé Knowles.

Number 1's
"#1's" is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny's Child.

Ciara
Ciara Princess Harris  professionally known as Ciara, is an singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, actress.

Mykolaiv
Mykolaiv (, translit.

Akkad
Akkad  was an ancient city found in Mesopotamia.

Faisal Mosque
Faisal Mosque is a mosque located in Islamabad, capital.

Song cycle
A song cycle in classical music is a group songs that belong together.

Quetta
Queta  is capital city province in.

Gilgit
Gilgit  is capital city Areas,.

Frottola
The frottola  was popular secular  song in Italy during late early centuries.

Bartolomeo Tromboncino
Bartolomeo Tromboncino  was an composer.

De jure
De jure is a phrase from Latin language that means "in law".

Boy George
George O'Dowd, better known as Boy George  is a rock singer-songwriter Club DJ.

Bon Jovi
Bon Jovi is an hard rock country band from New Jersey.

Anastasia (1956 movie)
"Anastasia" is a movie made in 1956 by Century Fox.

Valdivia
"Valdivia" is a city, comune municipality in southern Chile.

Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolamational Airport
The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolamational Airport  is airport in Mauritius.

Pervezarraf
Pervezarraf   was President.

Bas-relief
Bas-relief is a sculpture where sulpture has depth behind faces figures than actual faces figures would have, when measured.

Dogfights
"Dogfights" is a TV show on The Historynel.

Dogfight
A dogfight is a close air fight between fighter airplanes.

Colt M1911
The M1911 is a pistol made by Colt.

Artaxiad dynasty Iberia
The Artaxiads , a branch dynasty Armenia that ruled Iberia  from c.

Stocking
A stocking is a piece women's clothing, worn socks.

Robe
A robe is a type clothing.

Geri Halliwell
Geraldine Estelle "Geri" Halliwell  is an pop music singer.

The Crucible
The Crucible is a 1950s play about Salem Witch Trials by Arthur Miller.

Rush Limbaugh
Rush Limbaugh is a  radio talk show host.

Second Life
Second Life is a online game.

Ford Falcon
The Ford Falcon is a car made by Ford in Australia since 1960.

Hoboken
Hoboken is a southern district city Antwerp, inders .

Bottlenose Dolphin
A bottlenose dolphin is a dolphin.

Franz Josef Strauß
Franz Josef Strauß   was a politician  minister-president state Bavaria.

President Bundesraty
The President Bundesrat  is speaker chair Bundesrat, which is upper house parliament.

German TV
German TV was a-speaking television program for viewers in USA in Canada.

List Presidents Bundesraty
The President Bundesrat  is Bundesrat's chairperson speaker.

Maximilien de Robespierre
Maximiliençois Marie Odenthalius Isidore de Robespierre  is-known leaders French Revolution.

Declaration Rights Man Citizen
The ideas written in declaration are important in French law today.

The Simpsons Halloween episodes
The Simpsons Halloween Episodes The Simpsons Halloween Specials is a seasonal special TV episode that is aired in every season wherere are three different Halloween-based stories.

Perfectger (movie)
"Perfectger" is a screen movie that was shown in late 2006.

American Bison
The Bison is a bovine mammal, also known as Buffalo, simply Buffalo,thing a misnomer as it is only distantly two "true buffalos": Water Buffalo Buffalo.

Jiroft civilization
The Jiroft Civilization  is a proposed Early Bronze Age civilization, (fl.

Urartian hieroglyphs hypothesis
The hieroglyphs hypothesis suggests that besides cuneiform inscriptions language, Urartu had a native hieroglyphic script.

Tigranakert
Tigranakert  was a city near present-day, Turkey, east Diyarbakır.

Combat sport
A combat sport  is a competitive contact sport where two combatants fight against each other using certain rules contact, with aim simulatings real hand to hand combat.

Ground fighting
Ground fighting  is hand-to-hand combat which takes place while fighters are on ground, generally involving a degree clutching gripping.

Anderson Silva
Anderson da Silva is a Muay Thai fighter mixed martial artist .

Karo
Karapet "Karo"  is an mixed martial arts fighter.

Diego Sanchez
Diego "The Nightmare" Sanchez  is a mixed martial artist .

Elías Piña Province
Elías Piña is a province, located instern country, on border with Haiti.

CLIMAX
CLIMAX 高潮樂隊 is said to be "first rock bands in ages".

Mila Kunis
Milena Markovna "Mila" Kunis  is an actress.

Dolapdere Big Gang
Dolapdere Big Gang founded in middle 2004 by DJ producer Önder Ulugür.

Crazy in Love
"Crazy in Love" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, producer Rich Harrison, rapper Jay-Z, Eugene Record.

Check on It
"Check on It" is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem, Garrett, Angela Beyincé, Stayve Thomas for soundtrack to 2006 film "The Pink Panther", in which Beyoncé co-stars.

Irreplaceable
"Irreplaceable" is a song written by singer-songwriters Beyonce Knowles Ne-Yo, songwriters Mikkel S.

Amoro
"Amoro"  isme song for telenovela ', performed in bydro Fernández Beyoncé.

Work It Out
"Work It Out" is a funk song written by singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles The Neptunes members Pharrell Williams Chad Hugo  for soundtrack to 2002 film "Austin Powers in Goldmember"—in which she plays Foxxy Cleopatra—and was later featured on non-U.S.

Get Me Bodied
"Get Me Bodied" is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Garrett,ge Knowles, Angela Beyince, Makeba Riddick, Swizz Beatz for Knowles' studio album, "B'Day" .

Listen (song)
"Listen" is a song performed by R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles in 2006 film "Dreamgirls".

Lose My Breath
"Lose My Breath" is an R&B/dance-pop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kellyd, Michelle Williams, Rodney Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Garrett, Shawn "Jay-Z" Corey Carter for Destiny's Child's studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" .

Destiny's Child discography
The discography R&B group Destiny's Child.

1983 Pacific hurricane season
The 1983 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started May 15, 1983 in eastern Pacific, June 1, 1983 in central Pacific, lasted until November 30, 1983.

1972 Pacific hurricane season
The 1972 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1972 in east Pacific, on June 1, 1972 in central Pacific.

1970 Pacific hurricane season
The 1970 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1970 in east Pacific, on June 1, 1970 in central Pacific.

1977 Pacific hurricane season
The 1977 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started May 15, 1977 in eastern Pacific, June 1, 1977 in central Pacific, lasted until November 30, 1977.

2003 Pacific hurricane season
The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an unusuallye number tropical cyclones affect Mexico.

1989 Pacific hurricane season
The 1989 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started May 15, 1989 in Pacific, June 1, 1989 in Central Pacific, lasted until November 30, 1989.

1995 Pacific hurricane season
The 1995 Pacific hurricane season was least active Pacific hurricane season since 1979.

1992 Pacific hurricane season
The 1992 Pacific hurricane season was active Pacific season on record.

Santa Cruz River
The Santa Cruz River is a river in southern Arizona, United States, northern Sonora, Mexico.

Artibonite River
The River Artibonite  is a river in islandiola.

Jens Pulver
Jens Johnnie "Little Evil" Pulver  is an mixed martial artist .

Video CD
A Video CD VCD is a CD that contains a movie instead music a computer program.

Boston Red Sox
The Boston Red Sox are a baseball team from Boston, Massachusetts are World Series Champions in 2007.

Irreemplazable
"Irreemplazable" is a fare EP by female R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.

Ring Alarm
"Ring Alarm" is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem "Swizz Beatz", Garrett for Knowles' solo album "B’Day" .

Ved Pratap Vaidik
Dr.

'03 Bonnie & Clyde
"03 Bonnie & Clyde" is a single by rapper Jay-Z featuring R&B singer Beyoncé.

One Night Only
"One Night Only" is a song from 1981 Broadway musical "Dreamgirls", with lyrics by Tom Eyen music by Henry Krieger.

Dangerously in Love 2
Knowles re-recorded song for her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" , under title "Dangerously in Love 2".

Green Light
"Green Light" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Garrett, Pharrell Williams for Knowles' solo studio album, "B'Day" .

Suga Mama
"Suga Mama" is an R&B/soul/funk/rock song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Rich Harrison, Makeba, produced by Knowles Harrison for Knowles' solo album, "B'Day" .

I Got That
"I Got That" is a single by rapper Amil featuring Beyoncé Knowles Destiny's Child.

Jumpin' Jumpin'
"Jumpin', Jumpin'" is a song recorded by Destiny's Child.

Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer
Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer is a DVD by R&B artist Beyoncé Knowles.

Fighting Temptation
"Fighting Temptation" is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé female rappers Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, Free in 2003 to promote film "The Fighting Temptations", in which Beyoncé has a.

Slaithwaite
Slaithwaite is ae village in Colne Valley in Kirklees, Westire,d.

Bundesverfassungsgericht
The Bundesverfassungsgericht is Federal Constitutional Courty.

Kaaba
The Kaaba is ae cube-shaped building located inside mosque known as al-Masjid al-Haram in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.

EUX.TV
EUX.TV, Europe channel, is an independent digital television station from Brussels that talks about matters.

Awadhi
Awadhi is an Indo language.

Westdeutscher Rundfunk
The Westdeutscher Rundfunk  is a public-broadcasting institution based in Federal State North Rhine-Westphalia with its mainfice in Cologne.

ARD (broadcaster)
ARD is a public broadcaster iny.

Deutsche Welle
Deutsche Welle DW isy's international broadcaster.

Guildford Dudley
Guildford Dudley was husband Lady Jane Grey.

Medical papyri
The medical papyri  are a set ancient texts that give background info on medical practices from ancient times.

Tibetan Book Dead
The "Tibetan Book Dead" is a religious text from Tibet, written as a guide for persons attendingone who is dying recently dead, to bring comfort "spiritual liberation".

ChalkZone
"ChalkZone" is a animated television series.

F-22 Raptor
The F-22 Raptor is a fighter made by Lockheed Martin.

Edomites
The Edomitesre an ancient people who lived near Israel.

Hollywood (Jay-Z song)
"Hollywood" is single from Jay-Z's latest solo album Kingdom Come.

Summertime (Beyoncé song)
"Summertime" is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé featuring rapper P.

Fabaceae
Fabaceae is systematic plant family, commonly known as Pea family, consisting in three subgroupsly, Caesalpinioideae, Mimosoideae Papilionoideae .

List politicalies iny
This is a list politicalies iny.

Bundesversammlung
The Bundesversammlung, "Federal Convention", is a special federal body iny.

Friedrich Ebert
Friedrich Ebert  was a politician .

Walter Simons
Walter Simons  was a politician.

Full Moon (album)
"Full Moon" is studio album by R&B singerdy Norwood.

U Don't Know Me (Like U Used to)
"U Don't Know Me  - The Remix EP" is EP by R&B singerdy Norwood, released in 1999 .

The Boy is Mine
"The Boy Is Mine" is an R&B song by singersdy Monica.

Euskadi Ta Askatasuna
or ETA  is a nationalist terroristganization.

Petr Eben
Petr Eben  was a Czech composerganist.

Totalitarianism
Totalitarianism is a word modern regimes  where government controls every public private behavior, including way that people think.

Gothic metal
Gothic metal is a fusion genre gothic rock, doom metal death metal.

Lüneburg
Lüneburg is a city in Lower Saxony in northy.

Paul von Hindenburg
Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg , known as Paul von Hindenburg .

Sharon Osbourne
Sharon Osbounre  is a music manager, television presenter, talent show judge.

Cy Young
Denton True "Cy" Young  was an baseball player who was a pitcher for five different professional baseball teams from 1890 to 1911.

Arabic alphabet
The Arabic alphabet is an alphabet that has been Arabic language.

Brandenburg Gate
Thedenburg Gate  is main symbols Berlin,y.

Languages Caucasus
The languages Caucasus are languages spoken by more than ten million people in Caucasus region Europe Asia, between Black Sea Sea.

Lake Urmia
Lake Urmia  is a salt lake in northst.

Giuseppe Piazzi
Giuseppe Piazzi  was an astronomer who was famous for discovering asteriod, now dwarf planet "Ceres".

Ceres (mythology)
In mythology, Ceres was goddess growing plants  motherly love.

Vesta (mythology)
Vesta was virgin goddess hearth, home, family in mythology.

Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers
Heinrich Wilhelm Matthäus Olbers  was a astronomer, physician physicist.

Minstrel
A minstrel was a composer medieval time period.

Gnathostomata
Gnathostomata is group vertebrates with jaws.

Niger River
The Niger River is main riverstern Africa.

Flag Mali
The flag Mali has three equal vertical stripes.

Coat Arms Mali
On 20 October, 1973, coat arms Republic Mali was made.

Heads government Mali
This is a list Headsment Mali.

.ml
.ml iset country code top-level domain  for Mali.

French
French  was a colony in French West Africa.

Cunnilingus
Cunnilingus is act a man another woman performingal sex using mouth, lips, tongue to stimulate female sexgans.

Agnatha
Agnatha  is a paraphyletic superclass jawless fish in chordate, subphylum vertebrates.

Henry
Henry  was a scientist.

Ornamentation (music)
In music,naments are notes which are notes a piece music inder to make it more interesting.

Endocrine system
The endocrine system includesgans body which produce hormones.

Sponge (tool)
A Sponge is a tool.

Tyne Wear
Tyne Wear is a metropolitan county in north-eastd.

Osteichthyes
Osteichthyes are a taxonomic superclass fish, also called "bony fish" that includes ray-finned fish  lobe finned fish .

Aquarium (group)
Aquarium  is a rock group,ed in Leningrad in 1972 by Borischikov Anatoly "George" Gunitsky.

Chondrichthyes
Chondrichthyes cartilaginous fishes are jawed fis with paired fins, paires nostrils, scales, two-chambered hearts, skeletons made cartilage rather than bone.

Alexey
Alexey  was a famous composer, author popular songs.

Mikael Tariverdiev
Mikael Tariverdiev was a prominent Soviet composer, who was born parents in Georgia but lived in Russia.

Bergen
Bergen is city municipality in Norway.

1456
Births.

Winchester
Winchester is a city in countyire,d.

2 Pallas
2 Pallas " is ae asteroid located in asteroid belt solar system was to be discovered.

Axial tilt
In astronomy, axial tilt is inclination angle a planet's rotational axis in relation to a 90 degree angle to itsbital plane.

Dollhouse (TV series)
"Dollhouse" is an hour-long television series, set to premiere in Fall 2008 season.

Hydrostatic equilibrium
Hydrostatic equilibrium happens when pull gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in opposite direction.

Right ascension
Right ascension (abbrev.

Declination
Declination (abbrev.

Retrograde direct motion
Direct motion is motion a planetary body in a direction similar to that other bodies within its system, istimes called prograde motion.

Planetesimal
Planetesimals are, solid objects thought to exist in protoplanetary disks around a younging star.

Achondrite
An achondrite is a stony meteorite that is made material similar to terrestrial basalts plutonic rocks.

Basalt
Basalt  is a common gray to black extrusive volcanic rock.

Aswan
Aswan  is a city in south Egypt capitalorate.

Carl Barks
Carl Barks  was a famous important cartoonists ever.

Jay-Z
Shawn Corey Carter  better known by his stage Jay-Z, is an rapper current president CEO Def Jam Roc-A-Fella Records.

Ripon
Ripon is a cathedral city in Northire,d.

Ripon (disambiguation)
Ripon is a city in Northire,d.

What's It Gonna Be
"What's It Gonna Be" is a single by Beyoncé from edition her debut album "Dangerously in Love" , bonus CD her DVD "Live at Wembley" , Wal-Mart edition Destiny's Child's studio album "Destiny Fulfilled" .

Sénégal River
The Sénégal River is a river in West Africa.

Diprotodontia
Diprotodontia is aeder od about 120 marsupial mammals including kangaroos, wallabies, possums, koala, wombats, many others.

Live inta
Destiny's Child: Live inta features Destiny's Child performing live inta, Georgia at Philips Arena on July 15, 2005 duringir Destiny Fulfilled...

Bambara language
Bambara is a language from Mali.

Proboscidea
Proboscidea is ander containing only familiy living animals,tidae, elephants, with three living species .

Adrar des Ifoghas
The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone high area in Kidal Region Mali.

Kokoreç
Kokoreç is a meal.

Ub Iwerks
Ubbe Ert Iwwerks , better known as Ub Iwerks, was an animator.

Endocrine gland
Endocrine glands are glands that secreteir product  directly into blood.

Thyroid
The thyroid is endocrine glands in body.

Johann Bach
Johann Bach  was a composer Classical period.

Pelycosaur
Pelycosaur re earliest, primitive synapsids;yre not dinosaurs.

Therapsida
Therapsids , previosly known as "mammal-like reptiles", are ander synapsids.

Toccata
Toccata is title that wasten given to pieces music for solo instruments fromce onwards.

Taylor Swift
Taylor Alison Swift  is an country pop singer-songwriter.

Internal medicine
Internal medicine is branch specialty medicine concerning diagnosis nonsurgical treatment diseases in adults, especially internalgans.

City status in United Kingdom
City status in United Kingdom is granted by monarch to communities.

P-38 Lightning
The P-38 Lightning is a World War II fighter aircraft made by Lockheed.

Messerschmitt Bf 109
The Bf 109 was a fighter aircraft made by Messerschmitt.

Me 262
The Me 262 was a fighter aircraft flown during late World War II.

Osmosis
Osmosis is movement water in cells from a high concentration water to a low concentration water through a semi- permeable membrane.

MiG-17 Fresco
The MiG-17 Fresco is a fighter aircraft made by, a company.

Mikoyan
Mikoyan is a company that designs fighter airplanes.

Neptune (mythology)
Neptune  is god sea in mythology.

Sol Invictus
Sol Invictus , more fully, Deus Sol Invictus  was a religious title least three distinct deities during later Empire: El Gabal, Mithras, Sol.

Optical printer
An optical printer is a device.

Lares
Lares re ancient deities who protected house family - household gods.

Charter Trustees
Charter Trustees are district councillors for an area that a city.

Quirinus
In mythology, Quirinus was an early god state.

Kreisfreie stadt
The kreisfreie Stadt  is that haveir own government.

Jet aircraft
Jet aircraft are aircraft with jet engines.

Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty
The Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty was an innovative document saying that Egypt Israelre friends.

Downtown
Downtown  is a word used in North America which refers to main a city.

IEEE 802.11
IEEE 802.11 is for a series protocols for wireless networking.

Wireless LAN
In computing, Wireless LAN Wireless Local Area Network is a term to refer to a Local Area Network that does not need cables to connect different devices.

Bluetooth
Bluetooth is a protocol for Wireless communication.

Noraduz
Noraduz  is a site in region Gegharkunik in Armenia near Lake.

1921 New York Yankees season
The New York Yankees during 1921  was season for Yankees in New York, overall it wasir season.

Hominidae
The hominids are members biological family Hominidae , which includes humans, chimpanzees, gorillas,angutans.

Acropolis Athens
The Acropolis Athens is a famous Acropolis.

Toki Pona
Toki Pona is a constructed language.

Canadiane Centre
Thee Centre  is a agency that is responsible for monitoring tracking tropical cyclones that come near affects territory.

V-type asteroid
V-type asteroids Vestoids are asteriods that are similar to 4 Vesta, by far asteroid in this class .

Vulcan (Star Trek)
Vulcans are a humanoid species in fictional "Star Trek" universe who hail from planet, are noted forir attempt to live by reason logic with no interference from emotion.

W. M. Keck Observatory
The W.

HED meteorite
These are all thought to haveiginated from crust asteroid 4 Vesta,ir differences being due to different geologic histories parent rock.

Metamorphic rock
A metamorphic rock is a type rock that ised when its pre-existing rock is changed.

Extrusive
Extrusive means to mode igneous volcanic rockation in which hot magma from inside Earth flows  onto surface as lava explodes violently into atmosphere to fall back as pyroclastics tuff.

Intrusion
In geology, an intrusion is a body igneous rock that has crystallized from molten magma below surface Earth.

Radiation pressure
Radiation pressure is pressure exerted upon any surface radiation.

Kirkwood gap
Kirkwood gaps are gaps dips in asteroid belt with semi-major axis , as seen in.

Ca-Al-rich inclusions
Ca-Al-rich inclusions  are centimeter-sized light-coloured calcium aluminium rich inclusions found in carbonaceous chondrites.

Eucrite
Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites thatiginate from surface asteroid 4 Vesta, as such are HED meteorite group.

81P/Wild
Comet 81P/Wild, also known as Wild 2, is a cometd after Swiss astronomer Paul Wild , who discovered it in 1978.

Barrel (weapons)
A barrel is a a gun.

Shell (weapons)
A shell is metal case that holds a bullet.

Ion thruster
An ion thruster  is several types spacecraft propulsion, specifically electric propulsion.

Pistol
A pistol is a type gun that is can be used with only hand.

Submachine gun
A submachine gun is a type gun that shoots many bullets, usually pistol bullets, when holds down trigger.

Elena V. Pitjeva
Elena Vladimirovna Pitjeva is aoretical physicist at Institute Applied Astronomy, Academy Sciences, St.

Socialist Reich Party
The Socialist Reich Partyy  was a politicaly in Westy.

International Fight League
Theational Fight League is an mixed martial arts  league is world's MMA league.

Anton Chekhov
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov  was a writer who wrote stories plays.

Electoralative for Labour Social Justice
Labour Social Justice – The Electoralative  was a politicaly founded in 2005 by people who did not Social Democratic-Green government.

Deutsche Reichspartei
The Deutsche Reichspartei   was a nationalist politicaly in Westy.

Fukuoka Prefecture
Fukuoka Prefecture is an area in North islandu,.

Evening Prayer (Anglican)
Evening Prayer , in Church, is traditional service when people come to church to worship in late afternoon early evening.

Regierender Bürgermeister
The Regierender Bürgermeister  Berlin is head government city.

Alice in Chains
Alice in Chains is a popular rock band thated in Seattle,ington in 1987.

Lutz Graf Schwerin von Krosigk
Johann Ludwig  Graf Schwerin von Krosigk'",  was a politician.

Oi! Oi! Oi!
Oi! Oi! Oi! is a song by punk rockers Cockney Rejects.

Cockney Rejects
The Cockney Rejects is an Oi! punk rock band thated in East End London in 1979.

East End London
The East End London, known locally as East End, generally refers to area central London,d, east medieval walled City London north River Thames.

Suidae
Suidae is family to which pigsir relatives belong.

Trdat Iberia
T'rdat ,times Latinized as "Tiridates"), Chosroid Dynasty, was king Iberia  from c.

The Nutcracker
The Nutcracker is a fairy tale-ballet by composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.

Kingdom Sophene
The Kingdom Sophene  was an ancient kingdom.

Lady Katherine Grey
Lady Katherine Grey  was sister to Lady Jane Grey Lady Mary Grey.

Apparent magnitude
The apparent magnitude  a celestial body is a measure its brightness as seen by a person on Earth, it would have in absence atmosphere.

Elongation
Elongation is an astronomical term that describes angle between Sun a planet, as viewed from Earth.

Conjunction (astronomy astrology)
Conjunction is a word used in astronomy astrology.

Opposition (astronomy astrology)
Opposition is a word used in astronomy astrology to show when celestial body is on opposite side sky when viewed from aicular place .

Ophiuchus
Ophiuchus , is 88 listed constellations.

Scorpius
Scorpius  is constellations zodiac.

George Boleyn
George Boleyn  was brother his famous sister Anne Boleyn his other sister Mary Boleyn.

Tsitsernakaberd
Tsitsernakaberd  is a memorial for victims Genocide located on a hill overlooking, Armenia.

Mary Boleyn
Mary Boleyn  was elder sister Anne Boleyn, wife King Henry VIII.

Cubic centimetre
A cubic centimetre  (U.S.

Geometric albedo
The geometric albedo an astronomical body is ratio its actual brightness at zero phase angle (i.e.

Welcome to Black Parade
"Welcome to Black Parade" is single track from My Chemicalce's studio album, "The Black Parade".

Remembrance Day
Remembrance Day  is a day to remember people who fought died in wars.

Division (botany)
In biology, a division is equivalent a phylum in a kingdom.

Leona Lewis
Leona Lewis  is an singer.

Trinny Woodall
Trinny Woodall  is an expert in fashion, author, television presenter journalist.

Susannahtine
Susannah Carolinetine  is an television presenter, fashion expert, author journalist.

Anna Wintour
Anna Wintour  is an editor journalist.

Kingdom Saxony
The Kingdom Saxony , existed from 1806 until 1918.

Commedia dell' arte
Commedia dell' arte is a comedy.

Saxe-Meiningen
The Duchy Saxe-Meiningen was Ernestine duchies.

Eilenburg
Eilenburg is a town on banks river Mulde in north-western Saxony,y.

The Misfits
The Misfitsre a punk rock band from New Jersey, usually classified as a hardcore punk horror punk band.

Vistula
The Vistula ; is longest river ind.

Sunnah
The word Sunnah  is an Arabic word meaning tradition way.

Al-Aqsa Mosque
Al-Aqsa Mosque  is a mosque, a place where Muslims go to worship, it is in Jerusalem.

Balkh Province
Balkh is a province in northern.

Dario Chioli
Dario Chioli is an poet that was born on January 28, 1956.

Dwight Hicks
Dwight Hicks was born April 5, 1956 in Mount Holly, New Jersey.

Surface gravity
The surface gravity, "g", an astronomical other object is gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface.

Rotation period
In astronomy, a rotation period is time an astronomical object takes to complete revolution around its rotation axis relative to background stars.

Absolute magnitude
In astronomy, absolute magnitude is apparent magnitude, "m", an object would have if itre at a standard luminosity distance away from us, in absence interstellar extinction.

Angular size
Angular size is a measurement howething is using rotational measurement.

House Sparrow
The House Sparrow  is a member Old World sparrow family Passeridae, is,what controversially, considered a relative Weaver Finch Family.

Albedo
The albedo an object is extent to which it reflects light, defined as ratio electromagnetic radiation.

Robin Olds
Robin Olds  was a member United States Air Force.

Lady Mary Grey
Lady Mary Grey (1545- April 20, 1578 was sister Lady Jane Grey Lady Katherine Grey.

German-speaking Community Belgium
The-speaking Community Belgium  is three federal communities in Belgium.

County Durham
Its county town is Durham.

Balkan Mountains
The mountain range  is an extension mountain range, separated from it by Danube River.

Carpathian Mountains
The Mountains are eastern wing great Central Mountain System Europe, curving 1500 km  along bordersia, Czech Republic, Slovakia,d, Ukraine, Austria, Serbia, northern Hungary.

Squamata
Squamata  isder reptiles, including lizards snakes.

Pingu
Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu.

Tatra mountains
The Tatra Mountains, Tatras Tatra , constitute a mountain range whichs a natural border between Slovakiad.

Frank Wells
Frank Wells  was President Warner Bros.

Bodhi tree
The Bodhi Tree was ae very old specimen Fig, located at Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya under which Siddhartha Gautama, spiritual teacher founder Buddhism later known as Gautama Buddha, arrived at "Bodhi".

Bob Hope
Leslie Townes Hope , better known as Bob Hope, was an-born actor, comedian entertainer.

Dawn French
Dawn French  is an comedian actress.

Port-au-Prince
Port-au-Prince is capital city Haiti.

Hameln
Hameln  is a city iny.

MiG-25 Foxbat
The MiG-25 Foxbat is a fast fighter plane made to attack enemies at high speed made by airplane company It flew in 1964 was introduced in 1970.

Semi-major axis
In geometry, term semi-major axis  is dimensions ellipses hyperbolae.

Apsis
In astronomy, an apsis, plural "apsides"  is point greatest least distance ellipticalbit an astronomical object from its center attraction, which is generally center mass system.

Orbital eccentricity
In astrodynamics, Orbital eccentricity shows how much shape an objectsbit is different from a circle.

Astronomical unit
The astronomical unit (AU au a.u.

Giga
Giga-  is a prefix in SI system units denoting 109, 1,000,000,000 .

Degree (angle)
In mathematics, a degree is 1/360 a circle.

Julian year (astronomy)
In astronomy, a year  is a unit measurement time defined as exactly 365.25 days 86,400 SIs each, totalling 31,557,600s.

Epoch (astronomy)
In astronomy, an epoch  is a moment in time for which positionbital elements a celestial body are specified.

Julian day
The day day number  is number days that have passed since initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time  Monday, January 1, 4713 BC in calendar.

Meatball
A meatball is meat that is ground up , mixed with other ingredients,n shaped a ball.

Mandé people
Mandé is a ethnic group West Africa.

Amadoui Touré
General  Amadoui Touré  is president Mali.

Ghana Empire
Thea Empire was in is now southeasternia, Mali, Senegal.

Mali Empire
The Mali Empire was ast country from 1235 to 1645.

Timbuktu
Timbuktu is a city in Tombouctou Region, Mali.

Jeanne Demessieux
Jeanne Demessieux , was a Frenchganist composer.

House mouse
House Mouse  common mouse is numerous species genus "Mus".

Scientology
Scientology is a type belief people.

Mike Gravel
Maurice Robert Gravel, better know as Mike Gravel  is an politician, a member Democratic Party.

Iva Zanicchi
Iva Zanicchi  is a italian singer .

North Confederation
The North Confederation , was a military alliance 22 states northerny.

MiG Alley
MiG Alley was a place during War that had a lot North MiG-15 Fagots in area.

NetBackup
Veritas' NetBackup is a data backup software for Windows Linux.

Inclination
Inclination in general is angle between a reference plane another plane axis direction.

Argument periapsis
The argument periapsis  isbital element describing angle anbiting body's periapsis , relative to its ascending node .

Longitude ascending node
The longitude ascending node  isbital elements an object in space.

Mean anomaly
In studybital dynamics mean anomaly anbiting body is angle body would have traveled about centerbit's auxiliary circle.

Orbital period
Thebital period is time taken for a given object to make completebit about another object.

Orbital speed
Thebital speed a body, usually a planet, a natural satellite, an artificial satellite, a multiple star, is speed at which itbits around barycenter a system, usually around a more massive body.

101
Year 101 was a common year starting on Friday calendar.

Continental drift
Continental drift is aory that says thats Earth's crust moves slowly "drifts" on top a liquid core.

Saxe-Altenburg
Saxe-Altenburg  was Ernestine duchies House Wettin.

Porcupine
A porcupine is a rodent with a coat sharp spines, quills, that defendm from predators.

The Silvia Night Show
"The Silvia Night Show" is a 2007 icelandic television series following controversial fictional character Silvia Night.

Jakten på Billie Jo
Jakten på Billie Jo was a reality show.

Ernestine duchies
The Ernestine duchies, aretimes called Saxon duchies,re a changing number states in present state Thuringia, governed by dukes Ernestine line house Wettin The Albertine duchies Weissenfels, Merseburg Zeitzre are alsotime called "Saxon duchies" border several Ernestines) Overview.

Sri Maha Bodhi
The Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka.

List children Presidents United States
This is a list children U.S.

Dolores Hope
Dolores Hope  is an singer.

Miranda (state)
Estadoda is 23 states Venezuela.

Miranda (novel)
"Miranda" is a novel written by Antoni Lange in 1924.

Capybara
Capybara  is a semi-aquatic rodent South America.

Great Awakening
The Great Awakeningsre a few periods religious revival in United States history.

Lycopene
Lycopene is pigment tomato.

Housefly
Housefly is common fly occurring in homes.

Infusion
An infusion is water oil in which plants with a desired flavor have been steeped.

1950-1969 Pacific hurricane seasons
The 1950-1969 Pacific hurricane seasons all began on May 15, 1950-69 in northeast Pacific on June 1, 1950-69 in central Pacific.

Chemical engineering
Chemical Engineering is a type engineering that was started in early century.

House Windsor
The House Windsor is current Royal House United Kingdom Great Britaind each other Commonwealth realms.

Jocelyne Saab
Jocelyne Saab  is a journalist film director fromon.

Ulva
Ulva Isle Ulva  is an island in Inner Hebrides ind.

Sugar Ray Robinson
Sugar Ray Robinson  was an boxer who wonlterweight middleweight world championships.

Randy Turpin
Randolph Adolphus  Turpin  was an boxer who was middleweight champion world in 1951.

Maple
Maple  is a genus trees shrubs.

Tilde Fröling
Tilde Fröling  is a television personality actress.

Marie Picasso
Marie Picasso  is a reality show star, model singer who rose to fame in 2002 when she was a housemate on Big Brother.

Hostel (movie)
Hostel is an horror movie from 2006.

Insectivora
The insectivora  has reference to food habits group as a whole.

Bad Kissingen
Bad Kissingen is a city in Bavaria, in countryy.

Hostel
A hostel is a place that rents beds to travellers.

Reuters
Reuters Group plc is a News agencycial companies.

Associated Press
Associated Press is an news media company.

BBC News
BBC News  is a free news channel, broadcasted by BBC.

Saxe-Jena
The Duchy Saxe-Jena was Ernestine duchies House Wettin.

Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach
The Duchy Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach  was created in 1809 when Ernestine duchies Saxe-Weimar Saxe-Eisenachreally.

Alligatoridae
Alligatorss make up family crocodilians, "Alligatoridae".

Gaza
Gaza (Arabic:.

Grand duchy
A grand duchy is a country whose head state is ad Duked Duchess.

António de Oliveira Salazar
António de Oliveira Salazar called a dictator by people a by others was perhaps only politician in modern history to stir passions years after his passing away.An academic, Dr Salazar was a Professor Economics perhaps educated urbane leader time.

Princess Nikki
"Princess Nikki" is a reality television show that stars Big Brother 7 UK house mate Nikki Grahame.

James Van Der Beek
James William Van Der Beek, Jr.

Dawson's Creek
"Dawson's Creek" was an primetime television drama which aired from January 20, 1998, to May 14, 2003, on The WB Television Network.

General Hospital
"General Hospital"  is longest-running ABC Daytime soap opera broadcast on Broadcastingy television network.

Popstars
Popstars is a reality show where a number people audition a spot in a new popgroup.

Nicole Scherzinger
Nicole Scherzinger  is an actress singer.

Girls Aloud
Girls Aloud are a popular girl group created by an ITV television showd ' in 2002.

Wulfila Bible
The Wulfila Bible  is a translations Bible into Gothic language.

Plague Athens
The Plague Athens was an epidemic which hit city-state Athens in ancient Greece during year War , when an victory still seemed possible.

Peloponnesian War
The War  was an Ancient Greek military conflict, fought by Athens its allies against "Peloponnesian League", led by Sparta.

429 BC
Deaths.

Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg
Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg  was acountry today's Thuringia,y.

Thucydides
Thucydides   was an ancient Greek historian.

Piraeus
Piraeus is a city in Attica, Greece, in south center Athens.

Rhône
The Rhône is a river inced.

Rhone
The river starts in Rhone Glacier, which is ind.

Luis Egidio Meléndez
Luis Egidio Meléndez  was a painter.

Saxe-Hildburghausen
Saxe-Hildburghausen was Ernestine duchies House Wettin.

Augustine Hippo
Aurelius Augustinus, Augustine Hippo, Saint Augustine (November 13, 354 A.D.

House Wettin
The House Wettin was a dynasty counts, dukes, prince-electors  kings that ruled in is known today as states Saxony Thuringia for more than 800 years.

City Durham
Durham is a local government district in County Durham,d.

Angelic Upstarts
The Angelic Upstarts are an anti-fascist Oi! punk rock band who started in South Shields, North-Eastd in 1977.

Anti-fascism
Anti-fascism is opposition to fascist ideologies,ganizations, governments people.

History War
The "History War" tells story War in Ancient Greece.

Historiography
Historiography is about writing history use historical methods.

Historical method
The historical method are techniques guidelines by which historians use primary sources other evidence to researchn to write history.

Primary source
In historiography other areas scholarship, a primary source  is a document, recording other source information that was created at time that is studied.

Secondary source
Aary source is a document recording that writes speaks about information that wasiginally presented elsewhere.

Breinigerberg
Breinigerberg is a village in Westy, state North Rhine-Westphalia About 972 people live at place.

Document
A document  is a piece information that can use for communicatingthing.

Internationaldard Book Number
Theationaldard Book Number, ISBN, is a unique commercial book identifier barcode.

Index
An index is a system finding information easier.

Recording
Recording means to capture data to store it on a storage medium record.

Storage medium
A storage medium is a device for recording  information .

Pedroa, Elías Piña
Pedroa is a municipality in Republic, in Elías Piña Province, on border with Haiti.

Visual system
The visual system is nervous system which allowsganisms to see.

Visual perception
In psychology, visual perception is ability to interpret visible light information reaching eyes which isn made available for planning action.

Microform
Microform is a given to special photographic films.

Analog signal
An analog analogue signal is any continuous signal.

Microphone
A microphone,times a mike mic , converts sound into an electrical signal.

Digital signal
Digital signal can mean to different things: "discrete-time signals" that are digitized, to waveform signals in a digital system.

Pneumatics
Pneumatics is use pressurized air for mechanical motion.

Saxe-Gotha
Saxe-Gotha  was a state in today's Thuringia,y.

Seafloor spreading
Seafloor spreading is a type geographic movement that happens on bottom an ocean.

Comendador, Elías Piña
The city Comendador is head municipality Elías Piña province, on border with Haiti.

Emily Greene Balch
Emily Greene Balch  shared Nobel Peace Prize in 1946 with John Raleigh Mott .

Chiara Zanni
Chiara Zanni  is a actress voice actress.

Antoni Lange
Antoni Lange, whose pen-namesre Antoni Wrzesień Napierski  was a poet, polyglot , translator mystic philosopher Symbolismism movements, generally regarded as a "great master reflective poetry".

Curie (unit)
The curie  is a unit measurement.

Fjord
Fiard is a type gulf.

Raccoon
The Raccoon , also known as Raccoon, Common Raccoon,er Bear Coon, is a widespread, medium-sized, omnivorous mammal native to North America.

Elizaku
Eliza Patriciaku  is an television movie actress.

Sandy Robson
Sandy Wayne Robson  is a actor.

List Commonwealth Games cities
 Editions .

Lord's Prayer
The Lord's Prayer, is known prayer in religion.

Service (music)
In church music, a Service is a piece music for choir to sing during a service worship.

Space station
A space station is a structure built in space for astronauts to live in to make experiments for science.

Van de Graaff Generator
A Van de Graaff generator is an electrostatic machine.

Time server
A Time server is a special computer in a Computer network.

Laura Prepon
Laura Prepon  is an actress, known for her role as Donna Pinciotti on Fox television series "That '70s Show" Hannah Daniels on ABC television series "October Road".

Ashley Massaro
Ashley Marie Massaro , better known simply as Ashley, is an pictorial model professional wrestler, Wrestling Entertainment, wrestling on its "Raw" brand although currently inactive for unknown reasons.

Melina Perez
Melina Perez  ring as Melina, is an professional wrestler manager.

Amy Dumas
Amy Christine Dumas  better known by her ring Lita, is an World Wrestling Entertainment  wrestler valet.

Mafic
Mafic minerals are usually dark in color have a specific gravity greater than 3.

Specific gravity
Specific Gravity  is a special case relative density.

Rosetta Stone
The Rosetta Stone is a stone that was discovered in Egypt in 1799.

Curtain
A curtain is a piece cloth light, water, cold air from entering a place .

Criminal record
A criminal record is a list crimes that a person has done in past.

Visitor
A visitor is a person who does not permanently live in a place.

Espresso
Espresso is a type coffee that is concentrated.

Damson
Damson is a plum.

Half-time
Half-time is a break in middle a sports-game.

Fluid mechanics
Fluid mechanics is study how fluids move forces onm.

Fluid statics
Fluid statics  is science fluids at rest, is a sub-field within fluid mechanics.

Meroë
Meroë  is an ancient city.

Saxe-Eisenach
Saxe-Eisenach  was three different Ernestine duchies that existed at different times in Thuringia.

Laxative
A laxative is a food drug taken to make bowel movements easier, to treat constipation.

Jebel Barkal
Jebel Barkal, also called Gebel Barkal, is a mountain located about 400 kilometers  north a city called Khartoum, in country.

Mirage III
The Mirage III is a fighter aircraft made by French airplane company Dassault Aviation.

Herbaceous plant
A herbaceous plant is a plant that does not have much wood its stems are green soft.

Trophy
A trophy is an object given toone because an accomplishment.

Nickel Creek
Nickel Creek is an acoustic musical group.

Six-Day War
The Six-Day War was a war that started on June 5, 1967 ended June 10, 1967.

Australopithecus afarensis
"Australopithecus afarensis" is an extinct hominid.

Nakalipithecus nakayamai
"Nakalipithecus nakayamai" is a ancient ape species.

Defoliant
Defoliants are a type chemical that destroys plants trees, bushes grass.

Phoenix lights
The Phoenix Lightsre a light phenomenon that occured on March 13 1997 over Arizona Nevada, in United States.

272
Deaths.

909
Births.

Teaching as a foreign language
KET.

Eumetazoa
Eumetazoa is a clade comprising all major animal groups except sponges.

Bilateria
Bilateria are all animals having a bilaterally symmetrical animals,y have front a back end, asll as an upside downside.

Lyre
A lyre  is an instrument which is a mixture between a harp a guitar.

Continuum mechanics
Continuum mechanics is a branch physics  where matter is understood as continuous.

Oceanic crust
Oceanic crust is Earth's lithosphere that is under ocean basins.

Continental crust
The continental crust is layer granitic, sedimentary, metamorphic rocks which continents areas shallow seabed close toir shores, known as continental shelves.

List cities in United Kingdom
This is a List Cities in United Kingdom.

Shift work
Shift work is a working practice which is all 24 hours a day, not only standard working day hours.

Étang Saumâtre
Étang Saumâtre  is lake Haiti lakeiola, after Lake Enriquillo.

F6F Hellcat
The F6F Hellcat was an World War II fighter aircraft made by.

F4F Wildcat
The F4F Wilcat was a fighter aircraft made by.

A6M Zero
The A6M Zero was a fighter aircraft during World War II.

CONCACAF Champions' Cup
The CONCACAF Champions' Cup is a football competition between club teams in North, Central,.

CONCACAF
The Confederation North, Central Association Footballten just CONCACAF, isganization that controls North, Central, football  .

Mali Federation
The Mali Federation was a country inst Africa.

Value Added Tax
Value Added Tax isten called by it initial letters „vat“ “V.A.T.”.

Saxe-Coburg
Saxe-Coburg  was a country in today's Bavaria,y.

Deuterostome
Deuterostomes  are a superphylum animals.

Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach
Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was lived Ernestine duchies.

Dennis Rader
Dennis Lynn Rader  is an serial killer.

Tom Jerry Kids Show
Tom Jerry Kids Show is a 1990 television series by Hanna-Barbera Studios.

Hannelore Kohl
Hannelore Kohl  was wifecellor Dr.

Amber Benson
Amber Nicole Benson(b.

Walter Scheel
Walter Scheel  is a politician .

Norman Mailer
Norman Kingsley Mailer  was an writer journalist.

The Lion King
"The Lion King" is a 1994 animated Disney movie that was animated movie 1990s.

Kelly Osbourne
Kelly Osbourne (b.

Marie-Antoine Carême
Marie Antoine  Carême , was a French chef author.

X Window System
The X Window System is a set protocols programs.

Mammaliaformes
Mammaliaformes is clade that contains mammalsir closest extinct relatives.

Pineal gland
The pineal is a very gland in middle brain humans many animals.

Raghu Vira
Raghu Vira  was a linguist.

Rajeev Kumar
Rajeev Kumar  is a famous Activist Educationist from New Delhi, India.

Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid
Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid  is a drug.

Reichsmark
The Reichsmark  was currency iny from 1924 until June 20, 1948.

Plum (color)
Plum is a colour similar to purple.

Co-operative Party
The Co-operative Party is a socialist politicaly, in United Kingdom.

Bánica, Elías Piña
The city Sancisco de Bánica, simply Bánica, is a municipality Elías Piña province, on border with Haiti near Artibonite.

Quillaja saponaria
Soap bark tree  is a tree family "Quillajaceae".

Clarence E. Anderson
Clarence E.

Wild Weasel
A Wild Weasel is a nickname for an aircraft in United States Air Force that is enemy anti-aircraft guns, surface-to-air missiles, other ground attackapons by seekingm with radar destroyingm with missiles.

F-105 Thunderchief
The F-105 Thunderchief was a bomber during Vietnam War.

Labour Co-operative
Labour Co-operative Labour Co-operative is used in United Kingdom to describe politicians who are elected as members Co-operative Party.

Heraldic badge
A heraldic badge is not a an armiger's coat arms, but it is granted by same body as a coat arms.

Postal code
A Postal code is a series numbers letters numbers used by a postfice to help identify where a letter parcel should be sent.

Bethlehem Housing Authority
The Bethlehem Housing Authority provides social housing in Bethlehem,ia.

Les Six
Les Six  is French for "The Six".

Georges Auric
Georges Auric  was a French composer.

Die Linke
Die Linke "The Left" is a politicaly iny.

Louis Durey
Louis Durey  was a French composer.

Tom Jerry in House Trap
Tom Jerry in House Trap is a 2000 video game by NewKidCo VIS Interactive.

Arthur Honegger
Arthur Honegger  was a Swiss composer, who was born ince lived ae his life in Paris.

Darius Milhaud
Darius Milhaud   was a French composer.

Saône
The Saône is a river easternce.

Hereford
Hereford   is a city civil parish in Westdsd, close to border with Wales on River Wye.

Middle finger
The middle finger (also called "the bird", "the fickle finger fate", "the curse finger", "the finger" is a common insulting hand signal.

Ariel (moon)
Ariel is a moon planetus.

Trondheim
is a city municipality in county Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.

Trondheim Region
The Trondheim Region is a statistical metropolitan area in counties Sør-Trøndelag  Nord-Trøndelag  in Norway.

Electric potential
Difference in electric potential is also known as voltage electric potential energy difference.

Christine Teipel
Christine Teipel  was a 9 year old child that was executed as a witch.

Ajax (programming)
AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript XML.

City Bradford
Bradford is a major city in Westire,d.

Lithuanian litas
Lithuanian litas  is a national currency Republicia.

Maria Holl
Maria Holl  was an inn-keeper in Nördlingen.

Duduk
The Duduk is a traditional woodwind instrumentigins.

Droopy Dog
Droopy Dog is a cartoon character created by Tex Avery for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio in 1943.

Iraqi
Iraqi also known as Region  is aial self-governing region north Iraq, south Turkey eastst Syria.

Biohazzard Records
Biohazzard Records is a based Independent record label founded by music journalist Sascha Bahnder C.H.

Arbil
Arbil  is an Iraqi city capital Iraqi.

Ruhr Area
The Ruhr Area  is an urban area in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Iraqi dinar
The Iraqi dinar is currency Iraq.

APG II
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group, APG, refers to two international groups systematic botanists who came together to try to establish a consensus view taxonomy flowering plants that would reflect new knowledge in angiosperm relationships molecular systematics.

Massoudi
Massoudi  is president Iraqi.

Nechervan Idrisi
Nechervan Idrisi   has been Prime Minister Iraqi since March 2006.

Credit card
A credit card is a card which allows people to buy items without money.

Lebanese Civil War
The Civil War  was a conflict that became greatly worse byon's changing demographic trends, Muslim inter-religious strife, involvement Syria, Israel Palestine Liberationization .

Mosul
Mosul  is a city in north Iraq.

Mayonnaise
Mayonnaise Mayo is a thick sauce made with vegetable oil egg yolk.

Francis Poulenc
Francis Poulenc  was a French composer.

Germaine Tailleferre
Germaine Tailleferre  was a French composer.

Clade
A clade is a taxonomic groupganisms including a single common ancestor all descendants that ancestor.

Kimbo Slice
Kevin Ferguson also known as Kimbo Slice  is a mixed martial arts fighter.

Pangaea
Pangaea  was continent that existed about 250 million years ago.

Fatah
Fatah is a nationalist politicaly.

Cheek kissing
A kiss on cheek is a way that person can greet another, whether it's to say “we’re friends,” “good job,” “I’m sorry” “I look up to you.” It is done by pressings lips on side another’s face, at times repeated on both cheeks, repeating, two, three four times.

Balkh
Balkh is a city in Balkh Province.

Hessischer Rundfunk
The Hessischer Rundfunk  is a television radio broadcasting company based inkfurt am Main in State Hesse.

Asiyah Province
Asiyah  is a province in east Iraq.

Arbil Province
Arbil  is a province in north Iraq.

Dahuk Province
Dahuk  is a province in north Iraq.

Al Anbar Province
Al Anbar  is a Region Iraq.

Babil Province
Babil  is a province in Iraq.

Coruscant
Coruscant is a fictional planet in "Star Wars" movies.

Digital Video Broadcasting
Digital Video Broadcasting  is a series standards for sending digital content, Television using digital technology.

Baghdad Province
Baghdad  is a province in Iraq.

Linguine
Linguine are a pasta.

Basra Province
Basra Al Basrah  is a province in south east Iraq, with an area 19,070 km².

Egg (food)
Most eggs that are eaten by humans, including birds' eggs turtle's eggs, consist a protective, oval eggshell, albumen , vitellus , various thin membranes, which are layers skin.

Dhi Qar Province
Dhi Qar  is a province in south east Iraq, with an area 12,900 km².

Diyala Province
Diyala  is a province in east Iraq, with an area 17,685 km².

Leitmotif
A leitmotif  , is a word meaning leading motif.

Karbala Province
Karbala  is a province in Iraq, with 710,274 people livingre.

Pointe shoes
Pointe shoes are special shoes worn by ballerinas.

Maysan Province
Maysan  is a province in southeastern Iraq, bordering.

Najaf Province
Najaf  is a province in southwestern Iraq.

Ninawa Province
Ninawa  is a province in north Iraq, with an area 37,323 km².

Alna Province
Alna  is a province in southern Iraq, bordering Saudi Arabia.

Kirkuk Province
Kirkuk  is a province in northern Iraq, with an area 10,282 km².

Provinces Iraq
Iraq is provinces .

Brussels-Capital Region
Brussels-Capital Region is three regions Belgium.

Vaishali
Vaishali Vesali  was a city located in is currently inali District, Bihar, India.

Licchavi
Licchavi  was an ancient republic which existed in is now Bihar state India, before birth Mahavira (b.

Republicanism
Republicanism is ideology governing a nation as a republic with an emphasis on liberty civic virtue practiced by citizens.

Tabriz
Tabriz is city in north-western with a population 1,597,319.

Saber-toothed cat
The saber-toothed cats are known popular ice age animals.

Prosper Mérimée
Prosper Mérimée  was a French writer.

Jerry Hsu
Jerry Hsu (b.

Barnes & Noble
"Barnes & Noble" is an bookstore chain, based in New York City.

Wasit Province
Wasit  is a province in east Iraq.

Birth defect
Birth defect is people use to say that when a baby is born,re are things, that are wrong with it.

Scrambled eggs
Scrambled eggs is a dish made from beaten whites yolks eggs .

Elizabeth Bohemia
Elizabeth Bohemia  was a born Queen Bohemia.

Salah ad Din Province
Salah ad Din  is a province in north Iraq.

TAM Airlines
TAM Airlines  is airline.

Al-Qādisiyyah Province
Al-Qādisiyyah  is a province in south Iraq.

Limb
A limb is a body a living creature, which extends from its trunk.

Natalee Holloway
Natalee Holloway , from Mountain Brook, Alabama, United States, disappeared on May 30, 2005 during a graduation trip in Aruba.

Louise Faulkner disappearance
Louise Yvonne Faulkner  Christabel Alexis Faulknerre a mother daughter who disappeared without a trace fromsideir residence at 39d St, St Kilda, Victoria, Australia in 1980.

Australosphenida
Australophenida are a clade mammals which has nearly entirely died.

Steropodontidae
Steropodontidae was a family monotremes that are known fossils from Early Cretaceous in Australia.

Steropodon
"Steropodon galmanii" was a prehistoric species monotreme, a egg-laying mammal, that lived during middle stage, in Lower Cretaceous period.

Kollikodon
"Kollikodon ritchiei" is an fossil monotreme species.

Teinolophos
"Teinolophos trusleri" was a prehistoric species monotreme, egg-laying mammal.

Obdurodon
"Obdurodon" is a extinct monotreme genus.

Curtiss P-40
The Curtiss P-40  was a fighter aircraft that could also be things on ground.

Flying Tigers
The Flying Tigers was a group fighter pilots from United States Army Air Force, United States Navy, United States Marine Corps.

Shusha
Shusha also known asi is a town in region Nagorno-Karabakh.

Doritos
Doritos are a brand flavored corn  tortilla chip snack.

Mount Silverthrone
Mount Silverthrone is a 20 km wide, deeply dissected caldera complex in southwestern Columbia, Canada.

AIM-9 Sidewinder
The AIM-9 Sidewinder is a-range air-to-air missile, which means it is shot from an aircraft is an aircraft.

X-intercept
The x-intercept a line on a graph is where line touches  x-axis.

Liberty
Liberty means condition in which an individual has ability to act following his her own will, with other words political freedom.

Liberty (disambiguation)
Liberty generally means condition in which an individual has ability to act following his her own will.

Dignity
Dignity in humans involves earning expectation personal respect esteem.

Dignity (disambiguation)
Dignity in humans involves earning expectation personal respect esteem.

Voluntary association
A voluntary association union is a group individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to a body  to work together for a purpose.

Islam
Islam  is a religion founded by Muhammad in ancient Arabia in century.

United States
The United States America are states on continent North America.

Helen Keller
Helen Keller was an writer speaker.

Pausanias (geographer)
Pausanias  was a Greek traveller geographer century A.D., who lived in times, Antoninus Pius Marcus Aurelius.

Dignitas
In Ancient Rome, "Dignitas" was regarded as sum personal influence that a male citizen acquired throughout his life.

Tacitus
Publius  Cornelius Tacitus (ca.

Connotation
Connotation is a meaning that is suggested implied, as denotation, literal definition.

Margrave
A Margrave  is a nobleman.

Meppel
Meppel is a town a municipality in north eastds .

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar  was a soldier colonial administrator .He conquered governed Cuba for Spain.

Denotation
Different aspects meaning.

Victoria Silvstedt
Victoria Silvstedt  is a fashion model actress.

Donner kebab
The doner kebab  kebab with salad sauce is a very popular dish in United Kingdom.

Murder Meredith Kercher
The murder Meredith Kercher occurred on night November 1, 2007.

Lindsay Hawker
Lindsay Ann Hawker was a 22-year old citizen who was murdered in in early 2007.

Meredith Monroe
Meredith Monroe  is an actress She is-known for her role as Andie McPhee on Dawson's Creek from 1998 to 2000.

Michelle Williams (actress)
Michelle Williams  is an Academy Award-nominated actress.

Pernilla Wiberg
Pernilla Wiberg  is alpine skiers.

Ebba von Sydow
Ebba von Sydow  is a journalist author.

Lulu (opera)
"Lulu" is an opera by composer Berg.

Howard University
Howard University is an college inington, D.C..

Sethe
Sethe is creator "Family Guy" "American Dad".

Taylor Horn
Taylor Ashley Horn  is an pop singer-songwriter actress.

Tanuki
Tanuki is a word for Raccoon Dog in.

Megalibgwilia
"Megalibgwilia" is a genus echidna only known from fossils from Australia, it incorporates oldest known echidna species.

Ajax Great
Ajax Great Aias  son Telamon, was all-known hero from War.

Phoenicia
Phoenicia was a civilization in north, holy land fors Jews.

Seattle Seahawks
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional football team from Seattle,ington.

Salisbury
Salisbury is city in southernd.

Jan Ullrich
Jan Ullrich  is a retired bicycle rider.

Lincoln,ire
Lincoln is a city inire,d.

Burj el-Barajneh
The settlement Burj el-Barajneh inon was set up as a Palestine refugee camp in 1948 was laid siege to by Israeli army localgists during 1982, after Israel invadedon earlier that year.

Coelacanth
Ath is a fish that lives in.

Tent city
The term tent city is a variety temporary housing facilities made using tents.

Norwegian Refugee Council
The Refugee Council   is an independent, non-governmentalganisation in Norway which helps refugees internally displaced persons around world.

Euphemism
Euphemism is use a word  that replaces another that thinks to be toofensive vulgar.

List Presidents by age
This is a list Presidents since 1919 by age at death.

Listcellors by age
This is a listcellors since 1871 by age.

Boscobel House
Boscobel House is a house located onire/Staffordshire border, neard Albrighton,d.

Wismar
Wismar is a town in northerny on Baltic Sea, in state Mecklenburg, about 45 km due east Lübeck, 30 km due north Schwerin.

Dysphemism
Dysphemism means usage an harsh word expression instead a polite.

Christian worship
Inity, worship has been thought as bys to be central act identity throughout history.

Prose
Prose is writing without regular rhythm is very similar to everyday communication.

Caper story
The caper story is a special crime story.

14 BC
__NOTOC__ Year 14 BC began at a Tuesday .

Tina Watson
Christina "Tina" Thomas Watson, 26 years old, was an woman from Alabama.

City Wakefield
The City Wakefield is in Westire,d.

Io (moon)
Io is a moon planet Jupiter.

Cormorant
Cormorant are a family seabirds.

Tour dece 2006
The 2006 Tour dece was "93rd Tour dece".

Beth Phoenix
Elizabeth  better known by her ring Beth Phoenix, is an professional wrestler.

Cartridge (firearms)
A cartridge is package that has inside it a bullet, gunpowder primer all inside a metal sheath.

Hong Kongd
Hong Kongd is an island in southern Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in China.

Communist Party China
The Communist Party China  is dominant politicaly founder People's Republic China.

Tatar language
The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by Tatar people.

Medici
The Medici family was a very important family in Florence, Italy from year 1200 to about 1600.

Giordano Bruno
Giordano Bruno  was an philosopher, priest, cosmologist, occultist.

Wheel Fortune (US game show)
Wheel Fortune is a game show on television.

Shalom
Shalom  is a Hebraic word which means "peace".

Villai
Villai is a park situated in Rome.

Massachusetts Bay Colony
The Massachusetts Bay Colony was a town in modern state Massachusetts.

About a Girl
"About a Girl" is a comedy television series, which was shown on October 5, 2007 on The N in United States, Global in Canada.

Number line
A number line is a line with integers  on it extending into infinity.

Tunicate
Tunicates  is a subphylum chordates.

Zheng He
Zheng He   was an explorer, diplomat, admiral from Ming Dynasty China.

Georg Büchner Prize
The Georg Büchner Prize  is important literary prizey.

Brigham Young University Hawaii
Brigham Young University Hawaii, "BYU-Hawaii" for, is an undergraduate institution that educates 2,400 students from Asia, Pacific islands, U.S., others world.

Australopithecus africanus
"Austalopithecus africanus" was discovered by Raymond Dart in 1925.

Australopithecus
The gracile australopithecines  are a group extinct hominids thatre closely.

Homo (genus)
"Homo" is genus is separated from earlier hominids because emergence tool use, language culture.

Poverty in India
India suffers from quite a fair bit poverty.

The Community
The Community  is a denomination.

List Melbourne railway stations
This is a list 200 currently operating suburban railway stations  in Melbourne, Australia.

Flag Iraqi
The Flag Iraqi  has three colours are placed horizontally.

Vector graphics
Vector graphics  is a type computer graphics, Vector graphics uses geometrical objects, points, lines, curves, polygons to model image.

Silence (band)
Silence was founded back in 1995 in Bavaria,y.

Georg Büchner
Karl Georg Büchner  was a dramatist writer prose.

Ludwig Büchner
Friedrich Karl Ludwig Büchner  was a philosopher, physiologist physician who became exponents century scientific materialism.

Goitre
A goitre , goiter  , also called a bronchocele, is a swelling in neck  due to an enlarged thyroid gland.

Cincinnati Reds
The Cincinnati Reds are a baseball team.

Josh Beckett
Josh Beckett  is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for Boston Red Sox.

Curt Schilling
Curtis Montague  Schilling  is an Major League Baseball starting pitcher.

Adam Dunn
Adam Dunn  is an Major League baseball player.

Stroke (medicine)
In medicine stroke ) means a rapidly developing loss brain function due to a disturbance in blood vessels supplying blood to brain.

The Wheel Fortune
The "Wheel Fortune", "Rota Fortuna", is a concept in medieval ancient philosophy means unpreditable nature Fate.

Raster graphics
Raster graphics  is two ways to do computer graphics.

Postscript
Postscript is a programming language.

Horse Chestnut
Horse Chestnut is ae deciduous tree.

Francisco Pizarro
Francisco Pizarro González, marqués de los Atabillos  was a conquistador.

Bingo
Bingo Housie is a game where people try to match numbers drawn at ramdom with numbers on a card.

Nine
Nine is a number.

Five
The number five is a number that comes after four, but before number six.

Hurling
Hurling  isoor team sport similar to hockey, played by two teams 15 people.

Six
The number six is a natural number that comes after number five, but before number seven.

Four
The number four, is a number a numeral.

Seven
The number seven is a natural number that comes after six before eight.

Eight
The number eight is a natural number that comes after number seven, but before number nine.

Donatello
Donato di Niccolò di Betto Bardi   was an artist duringce.

Tu-95 Bear
The Tu-95 Bear is a bomber made by Tupolev.

Sarah Bernhardt
Sarah Bernhardt  was a French stage actress, hasten been called "the famous actress in history world".

Kevin Rudd
Kevin Rudd  is Prime Minister Australia.

Hurley (stick)
A hurley is a wooden stick measuring between 70 100 cm  long with a flattened, curved end , a "sliotar"  in sport hurling.

Sliotar
A sliotar  - is a hard solid sphere slightly than a tennis ball, consisting a cork core covered by two pieces leather stitched together.

Camogie
Camogie  is an team sport,ganised by "Camogie Associationd", women's variant hurling.

Rounders
Rounders  is a sport whichiginated in Great Britaind.

Cricket (insect)
Crickets, family Gryllidae , are insectswhat more closely bush crickets .

Rounders (movie)
"Rounders" is a 1998 movie about underground world high-stakes poker.

Gaelic Athletic Association
The Gaelic Athletic Association   is anganisation which isly focused on promoting Gaelic Games - traditional sports, such as hurling, camogie, Gaelic football, handball, rounders.

Gaelic Games
Gaelic games are traditional sports played ind.

Gaelic handball
Gaelic handball is a game where two players useir hands to return a ball against a wall.

American handball
American  handball, usually as handball, is an fives played against more walls.

Fives
Fives is a sport from sameigins as many racket sports.

Miami Heat
The Miami Heat  are a team in National Basketball Association in Miami, Florida.

Buttress
A buttress is a structure placed against walls a building to give it more support, to help it to hold roofs.

Real tennis
Real tennis isiginal racket sport from which modern game lawn tennis, tennis, developrd.

Jeu de paume
Jeu de paume wasiginally a French game similar to lawn tennis, but played without racquets.

Palace Versailles
The Château de Versailles, simply Versailles, is a royal castle in Versailles,ce.

Château
A château  is a manor house residence lord manor a country house nobility gentry.

Positron
A positron is antimatter equivalent to electron.

Basque pelota
Pelota in, pilota in Basque, pelote in French  is a for several court sports played with a ball using's hand, a racket, a wooden bat , against a wall , more traditionally, with two teams face to face separated by a line on ground a net.

Pump-jet
A pump-jet water jet is a marine system that creates a jet water for propulsion.

Propulsor
A propulsor is a mechanical device that gives propulsion.

Valencian
Valencian  is historical, traditional,ficial used in Community  for language spoken in this region, also known as  in Autonomous Communities Catalonia, Aragon Balearicds; in country Andorra; in southern French region Roussillon; in city Alghero on island Sardinia.

Valencian pilota
"Pilotaa" pilota  is a traditional handball sport played in Community.

Trapezoid
A trapezoid  trapezium  is a quadrilateral, which is defined as a shape with four sides, which has set parallel sides.

Frisian handball
Frisian handball  is a traditional sport, fives, that is commonly practiced by people from northern province Fryslân/Friesland.

Gaelic football
Gaelic Football , commonly "football", "Gaelic", is a football played mainly ind.

Caid (sport)
"Caid" was given to several ancient traditional football games.

Longue paume
Longue paume isoor version jeu de paumerefoe an ancestor modern lawn tennis.

Pallone
Pallone  is several traditional ball games, played in various regions Italy, with minimal differences in regulations.

Palla
Palla, language for ball, is various traditional ball games Italy.

Pellet
Pellet is a term grain, typically created by compressing aniginal material.

Meteorological historye Katrina
The meteorological historye Katrina started on August 23, 2005.

Troposphere
The troposphere is lowest portion Earth's atmosphere.

Rapid deepening
Rapid deepening is a condition that happens when minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure a tropical cyclone goes down at lot very quickly.

Doppler radar
Doppler radar uses Doppler effect to measure radial velocity targets in antenna's directional beam.

Horseshoe crab
Horseshoe crab  are benthic bottom-dwellingganisms found in both estuarine continental shelf habitats.

Atlantic hurricane
Antic hurricane refers to a tropical cyclone thats intic usually in Hemisphere during summer autumn, with-minute maximum sustained winds at least 74 mph .

Buras-Triumph,a
Buras-Triumph is a census-designated place  in Plaquemines,a, United States.

Dry Tortugas
The Dry Tortugas are a group islands, located at end Florida Keys, United States.

Aventura, Florida
Aventura is a city located in northeastern Miami-Dade County, Florida.

Florida Keys
The Florida Keys is an archipelago about 1700 islands in southeast United States.

Climatology
Climatology is study climate, scientifically defined asather conditions averaged over a period time, is a branch atmospheric sciences.

Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger" is a 2001 single from album "Discovery" by Daft Punk.

Fiona Apple
Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart, Fiona Apple  is an musician.

Tanakh
Tanakh is an acronym that is same thing as Hebrew Bible.

Pastor
A pastor is a leader is called in Churches.

Egyptology
Egyptology is study Ancient Egypt.

Lichfield
Lichfield is a city inire,d.

Newce
Newce was a colony settled byce in North America.

Elo, Elías Piña
Elo  is a municipality in Elías Piña Province.

Hondo Valle, Elías Piña
Hondo Valle  is a municipality in Elías Piña Province.

Juan Santiago, Elías Piña
Juan Santiago is a municipality in Elías Piña Province.

Río Limpio, Elías Piña
Río Limpio  is a municipal district Pedroa in Elías Piña Province.

Sabana Cruz, Elías Piña
Sabana Cruz is a municipal district Bánica in Elías Piña Province.

Sabana Larga, Elías Piña
Sabana Larga is a municipal district Comendador in Elías Piña Province.

Destiny Fulfilled
"Destiny Fulfilled" is studio album by R&B trio Destiny's Child.

Kanal 5
Kanal 5 is a television channel.

Decadence
Decadence  means a state in which people are behaving in a way that is morally bad.

Kanye West
Kanye Omari West  is an record producer rapper.

Giro
Giro   is an politician, leaders ARFnaktsutiun head "Armenian Cause" Office.

Castleton
Castleton is a little village inire Peak District national park, ind.

Los Angeles Lakers
The Los Angeles Lakers are an National Basketball Association team located in Los Angeles, California.

Asterix
"Asterix"  is a French comic book, created by René Goscinny  Albert Uderzo .

Hurdy gurdy
A hurdy gurdy is a stringed musical instrument played by a rosin-covered wheel.

List magicians
This is a list magicians, illusionists, escape artists, other practitioners stage magic.

Magician
A magician is an entertainer who does illusions magic tricks by learning about tricks mind usingm to his/her advantage; magicians will occasionally use props, such as a pack cards.

P-47 Thunderbolt
The P-47 Thunderbolt  was a fighter aircraft made by Republic Aviation.

Judo
Judo, meaning "Gentle Way" comes from ancient Samurai art in,d "Jujitsu".

Michelle Williams
Michelle Williams may refer to different people .

Humus
Humus isten described as 'life-force' soil.

Soil science
Soil science deals with soil as a natural resource on surface earth.

Queen's Counsel
Queen's Counsel , during reign a male sovereign known as King's Counsel , are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries.

Pedogenesis
Pedogenesis soil evolution  is process by which soil is created.

Eleven
Eleven is a number.

Twelve
Twelve is a number.

Sedimentary rock
Sedimentary rocks are rocks that are made from sediments .

Fourteen
Fourteen is a number.

Rock (geology)
A rock is a naturally occurring mixture minerals/or mineraloids.

Fifteen
Fifteen is a number.

Sixteen
Sixteen is a number.

Weathering
Weathering is decomposition rocks, soilsir minerals through direct contact with Earth's atmosphere.

Recrystallisation
Recrystallization  is an essentially physical process that has meanings in chemistry, metallurgy geology.

General licences under Wildlife & Countryside Act 1981
General licences under Wildlife & Countryside Act 1981 are issued each year by Department for Food Rural Affairs  ind.

Soil classification
Soil classification means that finds categories soils that are based on general characteristics asll as criteria that decide about use that is possible.

Manor house
A manor house fortified manor-house is a country house, which has historicallyed centre a manor .

English country house
The country house is generally accepted as ae house that was once in ownership an individual who in cases owned another great house in West End London.

Larynx
The larynx , colloquially known as voicebox, is angan in neck mammals that helps to protect trachea sound production.

Endangered species
An endangered species is a group ganisms that is in danger becoming extinct.

Archosaur
Archosaurs  any various reptiles, including all crocodiles birds all descendantsir recent common ancestor.

MS Explorer
The MS Explorer was a cruise ship .

Calcite
Calcite is widely distributed minerals on Earth's surface.

Stalagmite
A stalagmite is a that can be found on floor a cave.

Deposition (geology)
Deposition is geological process where by material is landform.

Calcium carbonate
Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound, with chemicalula CaCO3.

Hard water
Hard water is water that has a high mineral content .

Soft water
With soft water describes types water that contain few no minerals calcium magnesium ions.

Moorland
Moorland moor is a type habitat that can find in upland areas, that are characterised by acidic soils.

Neotropic ecozone
In context biogeography, Neotropic Neotropical means world's eight terrestrial ecozones.

Nearctic
"For thoroughbred racehorse see Nearctic ." The Nearctic is eight terrestrial ecozones dividing Earth's land surface.

Nearctic (horse)
Nearctic  was an-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.

Lockerbie
Lockerbie is a little town ind that was devastated on December 21 1988 when a Pan 747-400 came plummeting to earth after a explosive device hidden in a hand held radio exploded in rear cargo hold after been transferred onto flight from a connecting flight from amsterdam all passengers crew aboard 747 11 people in nearby sherwood crescentre killed that night.

Circadian rhythm
A circadian rhythm is a cycle that takes about 24 hours.

Stud (animal)
A stud in animal breeding is a male animal, such as a horse dog, that is.

Castration
Castration is any action, surgical, chemical, otherwise, by which a male loses functions testes a female loses functions ovaries.

Bullock
A bullock is a bull that has been castrated - its testicles have been removed.

Bureaucracy
Bureaucracy is typical foreganizations government.

Anzère
Anzère is a village in canton Valais,d, north Sion.

Sion,d
Sion is capital Swiss canton Valais.

Monthey,d
Monthey is capital district Monthey in canton Valais ind.

Sierre
Sierre is capital district Sierre in canton Valais ind.

Brig,d
Brig is capital district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Pennine Alps
The Pennine Alps are a mountain range instern Alps.

Bernese Alps
The Alps are a group mountain ranges instern Alps, ind.

Armenian National Committee America
The National Committee America  is influential advocacyganization in United States.

Valais
Valais is 26 cantonsd in south-western country.

Martigny,d
Martigny is capital city French-speaking district Martigny in canton Valais ind.

Mattertal
Mattertal is a valley in Alpsd which begins on side Matterhorn.

Zermatt
Zermatt is a municipality in district Visp in canton Valais ind.

Ajax Lesser
Ajax Lesser  was a Greek hero from War, who was son Oïleus.

Post-nominal letters
Academic degrees  can also be shown as postnominal letters, as can military awards  .

Crow
Crow are birds common for about 27e passerine birds genus which also includes ravens jackdaws.

Visp
Visp is capital city district Visp in canton Valais ind.

Saint-Maurice,d
Saint-Maurice is capital district Saint-Maurice in canton Valais ind.

Conthey
Conthey is capital district Conthey in canton Valais ind.

Entremont (district)
Entremont is a district in canton Valais ind.

Santeri Palin
Santeri Palin   is a poet who writes poems in.

Sembrancher
Sembrancher is capital district Entremont in canton Valais ind.

Münster-Geschinen
Münster-Geschinen is capital city district Goms in canton Valais ind.

Microbiotheria
Microbiotheria areder opossums containing only living species known as colocolo monito del monte.

Goat Rock Beach
Goat Rock Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Sea lion
Sea lion are several pinniped from family Otariidae .

Greywacke
Greywacke  is a type sandstone.

Carminaa
Carminaa is given to a collection texts century.

Vex,d
Vex is capital city district Hérens in canton Valais ind.

Dasyuridae
Dasyuridae is a family marsupial carnivores.

Mohammed Zahir Shah
Mohammed Zahir Shah  was last King , reigning for four decades, from 1933 to 1973.

Thurgau
Thurgau is a northeast cantond.

Graubünden
Graubünden ' is is farthest to east cantonsd.

Nidwalden
Nidwalden is a cantond.

Schaffhausen
Schaffhausen is a city in northernd capital canton same.

Obwalden
Obwalden is a cantond.

Jura (canton)
The canton Jura is Cantonsd.

French Community
The French Community  was body which replaced French Union in 1958.

Usury
Usury is a very high,ten extortionate rate interest on a loan.

John Bates
John Lewis Bates  was born in Massachusetts.

Acoustic music
Acoustic music is music which is played by using acoustic musical instruments, i.e.

Mandolin
The mandolin is a musical instrument, which literally means, a soprano member lute family.

Bluegrass music
Bluegrass music is a roots music.

Billboard charts
"Billboard" charts are charts published by "Billboard" magazine.

Leuk
Leuk  is a municipalityd is capital city district Leuk in canton Valais ind.

Raron
Raron is capital city district Raron in canton Valais ind.

Goms (district)
Goms is a district canton Valais ind.

Shavo
Shavo   was bassist for-based alternative metal band System a Down now Dj vocal Achozen.

Aspartame
Aspartame  is an artificial sweetener, that was discovered in 1965, by James M.

Saccharin
Saccharin is oldest artificial sweetener that exists.

Isomalt
Isomalt is a natural substitute for sugar.

Sloth
Sloths are mammals that live in Central South America.

Oberon (moon)
Oberon is farthest major moon planetus.

Delémont (district)
The district Delémont is three districts in Jura,d.

Xavier Rudd
Xavier Rudd  is an musician.

Banjo
The banjo is a string instrument, that was played by slaves a few hundred years ago in United States.

Nicolás dedo
Nicolás dedo  was a soldier from a noble family a knight Order Alcántara.

Abelsonite
Abelsonite is a mineral that can be pinkish-brown, purple, reddish-brown in color ised from crystals.

Abenakiite-(Ce)
Abenakiite- is a pale brown mineral made from crystals.

Abernathyite
Abernathyite is a pale, yellow-colored mineral thats crystals.

Abhurite
Abhurite is a colorless crystalline mineral thats on ship-wrecked tin ingots .

Animal Liberation Orchestra
Animal Liberation Orchestra  is an rock jam band from California.

Leftover Salmon
Leftover Salmon is an rock jam band from Boulder, Colorado.

Internet meme
Anet meme isthing famous on internet such as an image, a video, even a person.

Morris
Morris  is Australia's famous children's writers.

Coaxial cable
A Coaxial cable is a special electrical cable.

Abswurmbachite
Abswurmbachite is a black dark brown metallic mineral.

Mineralogist
A mineralogist is a person who studies anything about minerals rocks associated with minerals .

Acanthite
Acanthite is a mineral that can be lead gray, gray, coal in color is made from crystals.

Seven Lucky Gods
The, commonly called Seven Lucky Gods in, refer to seven gods fortune in mythology folklore.

Acetamide
Acetamide is a mineral that is either colorless gray in color, is made a crystalline crust on black shale.

Seventeen
Seventeen is a number.

Pectin
Pectin is a food supplement.

Audio engineering
Audio engineering deals with recording reproduction sound through mechanical electronic means is a audio science.

Pectobacterium carotovorum
Pectobacterium carotovorum  is a rod shaped bacterium –iginally isolated from carrot- is a plant pathogen opportunistic human pathogen, causative agent soft rot blackleg potato  diseases.

Jesus with erection
Jesus with erection is a picture made students at University Oregon.

Giovanni Guaita
Giovanni Guaita is an historian, researcherity writer.

Cockatoo
Cockatoos are 21 species birds that make up family "Cacatuidae".

P-39 Airacobra
The P-39 Airacobra was a fighter aircraft made by Bell Aircraft.

Air Canada
Air Canada is Canada's airline flies to United States, Europe, Asia, Australia, countries.

Actinolite
Actinolite is a mineral that can be green, green-black, gray-green, black in color is made crystals.

Buoy
A buoy is a floating object that can have many different purposes, which determine whether buoy is anchored .

Gulf Coast United States
The Gulf Coast region United States comprises coasts states which border Gulf Mexico.

Floridadle
The Floridadle is region state Florida which includessternmost 16 counties in state.

Loop Current
Part Gulf Stream, Loop Current is a warm ocean current in Gulf Mexico that flows northward between Cuba Yucatán Peninsula, moves north into Gulf Mexico, loopsst south before exiting to east through Florida Straits.

National Weather Service bulletin for News region
The National Weather Service bulletin for News region 10:11 a.m., August 28, 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell,a warning devastation that Gulf Coast United States could experience as a resulte Katrina.

Cesc Fàbregas
Cesc Fàbregas  is a footballer.

Misery Guts
"Misery Guts" is a book by award winning author Morris.

Brett Lee
Brett Lee  is an cricketer.

Otter
Otters are animals that live near around water.

Arsenal
An arsenal is a place where guns ammunition are made, repaired stored.

Medal Honor
The Medal Honor is highest award given to members United States Military.

Asynchronoussfer Mode
Asynchronoussfer Mode is a set protocols networks.

Blood type
Blood type blood group is a medical term.

Trance music
Trance music is a electronic music.

Acuminite
Acuminite is a mineral that is colorless in color is made from crystals.

Warthog
Warthog  are nonetheless remarkable animals.

Moraine
Moraines are accumulations debris that are found in regions wherere are glaciersre glaciersly.

Silt
Silt is soil rock that developed from granular material a specific grain size.

Catalytic converter
A catalytic converter is a device fitted onto tailpipe a car to help reduce amount greenhouse gases it sends into air.

Adamite
Adamite is a mineral that can be either yellow, purple, green, pink, yellowish-green in color is made from crystals.

Six Flags Great Adventure
Six Flags Great Adventure is a veryeme park in Jacksonip, New Jersey, United States.

Adamsite-(Y)
Adamsite- is a mineral that can be white, pale pink, pale purple, is colorless in color is made crystals.

Eighteen
Eighteen is a number.

Nineteen
Nineteen is a number.

Twenty-one
Twenty-one is a number.

Samuel Pepys
Samuel Pepys,  was an administrator at Admiralty Member Parliament, who is now famous for his diary.

Jorge Guillen
Jorge Guillén y Álvarez  was a poet, a member Generation '27.

Albatross
Albatrosses are a family  seabirds.

Proxima Centauri
Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf star that isly a Alpha Centauri star system is closest star to Sun at a distance 4.22 light years.

San Jacinto fault
The San Jacinto Fault Zone is a series faults that run through California.

Dhammapada
The Dhammapāda is a Buddhist scripture.

Chant
A chant is a type song.

Habenaria mossii
"Habenaria mossii" is a species plant in Orchidaceae family.

Twenty-two
Twenty-two is a number.

Twenty-three
Twenty-three is a number.

Adelite
Adelite is a mineral that can be blueish-gray, green, gray, yellow, light green in color is made crystals.

The Naked Brothers Band
"The Naked Brothers Band" is a television series that airs on Nickelodeon.

Matterhorn
The Matterhorn  Cervino ,  is perhaps familiar mountain in Alps.

Jura (department)
Jura is a department in eastce.

Fray
"Fray" is an eight-issue comic book series.

Erik Satie
Erik Satie , 17 May 1866; died Paris, 1 July 1925) was a French composer.

Dryopteridaceae
The Dryopteridaceae is a family ferns that can be found almost anywhere on world.

Particle size (grain size)
Particle size, also called grain size, means diameter individual grains sediment, lithifiedicles in clastic rocks.

Rock flour
Rock flour, glacial flour, consists clay-sizedicles rock, generated by glacial erosion by artificial grinding to a similar size.

Virginia Opossum
The Virginia Opossum ,times called a possum, is a marsupial.

Motor ship
A motor ship is a ship moved through water by an engine, usually a diesel engine.

Twenty-four
Twenty-four is a number.

Twenty-five
Twenty-five is a number.

Passo de Camaragibe
Passo de Camaragibe is a municipality located in northern coast state Alagoas.

Folded mountain
A folded mountain fold mountain is created when two tectonic plates hit each other straight on.

Radlin
Radlin is a town in Wodzisław County,ip,d, with about 17,673 people .

Particle size (general)
The termicle size is dimensions different material objects.

Chichester
Chichester is a cathedral city in West Sussex,d, with a population 23,731, .

Admontite
Admontite is a mineral that is colorless in color is made crystals.

Hydrology
Hydrology  is study movement, distribution, quality water throughout Earth.

Semicircle
In geometry, a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape thats half a circle.

Hurricane Camille
Hurricane Camille wasd storm hurricane 1969tic hurricane season.

1935 Labor Daye
The Labor Daye 1935 was strongest tropical cyclone during 1935tic hurricane season.

Vahan Totovents
Vahannesi Totovents  was an writer, poet public activist.

Leonid
Leonid   was an physicist founders commander "Liberation Army" militaryganization.

Central United States
The Central United States istimes conceived as between United States United States as a three-region model, roughly coincident with United States plusstern central portions United States; term is alsotimes used more as a synonym for Midwest, leaving all South.

International Committee Red Cross
Theational Committee Red Cross  is a "private" humanitarianganisation based in Geneva,d.

Meridian, Mississippi
Meridian is a city located in, county seat, Lauderdale County in Mississippi, a state United States America.

Hydrometeorological Prediction Center
The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (a.k.a.

Tornadobreak
Whilere is no single agreed upon definition, generally more than six tornadoes in a day in same region is considered a tornadobreak.

Côte-Nord
Côte-Nord  is administrative region by land area in Quebec, Canada.

Saguenay-Lac-Saint
Saguenay-Lac-Saint is a region in Quebec, Canada.

Plaquemines,a
Plaquemines  is parish with combined land water area in U.S.

Naiad (moon)
Naiad Neptune III is closest moon to Neptuned after Naiads Greek legend.

Tamsui, Taipei
Tamsui  is a sea-side town in Taipei County,.

Lovisa Aarberg
Lovisa Aarberg,  was a surgeon doctor.

Kisamor
Kisamor, , was a famous female doctor in Sweden.

Amalia Lindegren
Amalia Lindegren, , was a famous painter.

Thalassa (moon)
Thalassa Neptune IV, is closest moon to Neptune.

Bayerischer Rundfunk
Bayerischer Rundfunk is main radio television broadcasting company for Bavaria.

Circadian rhythm sleep disorder
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders occur when circadian rhythm is disrupted is not functioning properly.

Asiant
Thet  is a elephant species living in Asia.

Karolina Bock
Karolina Sofia Bock, , was a dancer, actor singer.

Lea Ahlborn
Lea Ahlborn,  was a famous artist.

Hedda Hjortsberg
Hedda  Hjortsberg, , was a ballerina.

Despina (moon)
Despina Neptune V, is closest moon to Neptune.

Chef
A chef is a person who cooks food asir job.

St. Bernard,a
St.

Slidell,a
Slidell is a city in St.

St.y,a
St.

Chewing gum
Chewing gum is a type candy.

Herat
Herat , is city capital a province with same.

Mobile, Alabama
Mobile  is populous city in U.S.

Relay race
A relay race is a track field event in which runners run a pre-set distance carrying a baton before passing it onto next runner.

Bayou La Batre, Alabama
Bayou La Batre (is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.

Bay St. Louis, Mississippi
Bay Saint Louis is a city located in Hancock County, Mississippi.

Waveland, Mississippi
Waveland is a city located in Hancock County, Mississippi, on Gulf Mexico.

Pass, Mississippi
Pass is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States, along Gulf Mexico.

Long Beach, Mississippi
Long Beach is a city  located in Harrison County, Mississippi, USA.

Gulfport, Mississippi
Gulfport is city in Mississippi after state capital Jackson.

Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area
The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area is made up five counties in Mississippi Gulf Coast region.

Gulfport-Biloxi metropolitan area
The Gulfport-Biloxi Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in Mississippi Gulf Coast region that covers three counties - Hancock, Harrison, Stone.

Biloxi, Mississippi
Biloxi  is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, in U.S..

El Toro (roller coaster)
El Toro  is a wooden rollercoaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, United States.

Galatea (moon)
Galatea Neptune VI, is closest moon to Neptune.

Nguyen Hue
Nguyen Hue  was a general, an emperor Tay Son Dynasty in history Vietnam.

MiG-29 Fulcrum
The MiG-29 Fulcrum is a fighter aircraft made by aircraft company.

Emmy Rossum
Emmanuelle Grey "Emmy" Rossum  is an actress, known for her role as Laura in 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" Christine Daae in "Thetom Opera".

Bedouin
Bedouin people live in deserts North Africa Middle East.

Twenty-six
Twenty-six is a number.

Twenty-seven
Twenty-seven is a number.

Twenty-eight
Twenty-eight is a number.

Twenty-nine
Twenty-nine is a number.

Thirty-one
Thirty-one is a number.

Thirty-two
Thirty-two is a number.

Thirty-three
Thirty-three is a number.

Thirty-four
Thirty-four is a number.

Thirty-five
Thirty-five is a number.

Thirty-six
Thirty-six is a number.

Thirty-seven
Thirty-seven is a number.

Pokédex
The Pokédex is a tool used by Pokémon trainers all around Pokémon world in different regions.

Pokémon evolution
Evolve by Leveling.

Jewitchery
Jewitchery is a modern religion which has been based on minority beliefs.

Larissa (moon)
Larissa Neptune VII, is closest moon to Neptune.

Borat Sagdiyev
Borat Sagdiyev  is a fictionali journalist portrayed by comedian Sacha Baron Cohen.

Dermatology
Dermatology is a branch medicine that deals with skin, hair, sweat glands, etc.

Maria Rohl
Maria Christina Rohl, , was a artist.

Basil Hume
George Basil Cardinal Hume OSB, OM, MA, STL  was an prelate Catholic Church.

Proteus (moon)
Proteus Neptune VIII, is moon Neptune, its close moon.

Nereid (moon)
Nereid Neptune II, is a moon Neptune.

Thirty-eight
Thirty-eight is a number.

Thirty-nine
Thirty-nine is a number.

Forty-one
Forty-one is a number.

Ocean Springs, Mississippi
Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, USA, about 2 miles east Biloxi.

Forty-two
Forty-two is a number.

Gautier, Mississippi
Gautier is a city along Gulf Mexico,st Pascagoula, in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States.

Pascagoula, Mississippi
Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States.

Forty-three
Forty-three is a number.

Forty-four
Forty-four is a number.

Sonoma County, California
Sonoma County is a county in California.

Forty-five
Forty-five is a number.

Forty-six
Forty-six is a number.

Russian River
The River is river watercourse in Sonoma County, California.

Forty-seven
Forty-seven is a number.

Halimede (moon)
Halimede is a non-spherical moon Neptune.

Hurricane Katrina tornadobreak
Thee Katrina tornadobreak was a tornadobreak across eastern United States from August 29 to 31, 2005, spawnedly by bandse Katrina .

Square number
A square number is result a number multiplied by itself to equal another number.

Miami-Dade County, Florida
Miami-Dade County  is a county located in southeastern state Florida.

Broward County, Florida
Broward County is a county located in U.S.

Max Mayfield
Britt Max Mayfield  is a meteorologist who served as director Nationale Center from 2000 to 2007.

Levee
A levee, levée , floodbank stopbank is a natural artificial slope wall, usually earthenten parallels course a river.

River delta
A river delta is a landform where mouth a river flows into an ocean, sea, desert, estuary, lake another river.

C-5 Galaxy
The C-5 Galaxy is a very military cargo aircraft made by Lockheed  used by United States Air Force.

Template (word processing)
The term template, when used in context word processing software, refers to a sample "fill-in-the-blank" document that can be completed either by hand through an automated iterative process, such as a with a wizard.

Hurricane Betsy
Hurricane Betsy was a strong hurricane 1965tic hurricane season which caused a lot damage in Bahamas, Florida,a.

Houston Chronicle
The "Houston Chronicle" is daily newspaper in Texas, USA.

Delta wing
A delta wing is a wing used on fixed-wing aircraft, mainly fighter aircraft.

Popularics
"Popularics" is an magazine technology.

Scientific
"Scientific" is a popular science magazine, published  since August 28, 1845, making it oldest continuously published magazine in United States.

The Times-Picayune
"The Times-Picayune" is a daily newspaper published in News,a, United States.

Poultry
Poultry is a group domesticated birds kept for meat, eggs, feathers.

Gas station
A gas station, also known as a filling station, fueling station, service station petrol station is a facility which sells fuel lubricants for motor vehicles.

Warehouse
A warehouse is a commercial building for storages.

Nursery (horticulture)
A nursery is a place where plants are cultivated grown to usable size.

Credit union
A credit union is a cooperative financial institution that is owned controlled by its members.

Tettigoniidae
The family Tettigoniidae, known in as katydids in as bush-crickets, contains more than 6,400 species.

Bills, Bills, Bills
"Bills, Bills, Bills" was single  from Destiny's Child's album "The Writing's on Wall".

Anna Maria Thelott
Anna Maria Thelott'", , was a artist.

Justina Casagli
Justina Kristina Casagli, , was a famous singer actor.

Forty-eight
Forty-eight is a number.

Forty-nine
Forty-nine is a number.

Cynthia Lennon
Cynthia Lennon née Powell  was wife John Lennon.

Fifty-one
Fifty-one is a number.

Fifty-three
Fifty-three is a number.

Fifty-two
Fifty-two is a number.

Fifty-four
Fifty-four is a number.

Fifty-five
Fifty-five is a number.

Mandrill
The Mandrill  are primates in world.

Carburization
Carburization  is process by which carbon is metal.

Fifty-six
Fifty-six is a number.

Sao (moon)
Sao is a non-spherical moon Neptune.

Dresden University Technology
The Dresden University Technology  is university in state Saxony 10 universities iny with 34,993 students.

Fifty-seven
Fifty-seven is a number.

Fifty-eight
Fifty-eight is a number.

Fifty-nine
Fifty-nine is a number.

Laomedeia (moon)
Laomedeia also Neptune XII, is a non-spherical moon Neptune.

Tropical Storm Jerry (2007)
Tropical Storm Jerry wasd storm 2007tic hurricane season.

Jenner, California
Jenner, California is a town in Sonoma County, California, U.S..

Tropical Storm Ingrid (2007)
Tropical Storm Ingrid was aak tropical storm that existed from September 12 – September 17, 2007.

Jenner Beach
Jenner Beach is a beach in Jenner, California.

Sixty-one
Sixty-one is a number.

Sixty-seven
Sixty-seven is a number.

Psamathe (moon)
Psamathe Neptune X, is a non-spherical moon Neptune.

Sixty-two
Sixty-two is a number.

Sixty-three
Sixty-three is a number.

Sixty-four
Sixty-four is a number.

Sixty-five
Sixty-five is a number.

Sixty-six
Sixty-six is a number.

Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough
A Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough  is a trough situated in upper-level  tropics.

Leewardds
The Leewardds are northern islands Lesser Antilles chain islands, West Indies.

Sixty-eight
Sixty-eight is a number.

Sixty-nine
Sixty-nine is a number.

Saint Martin
Saint Martin is a tropical island in northeast, approximately 300 km southeast Puerto Rico.

Antigua
Antigua  is an island in West Indies, Leewardds in region, main island country Antigua Barbuda.

Tropical Storm Melissa (2007)
Tropical Storm Melissa was thirteenthd storm 2007tic hurricane season.

Seventy-one
Seventy-one is a number.

Neso (moon)
Neso also known as Neptune XIII, is farthest non-spherical moon Neptune.

Weather front
Aather front is a boundary in between two masses air different densities, is principal cause significantather.

Subtropical ridge
The subtropical ridge is ae belt high pressure situated around 30ºN in Hemisphere 30ºS in Hemisphere.

Vorticity
Vorticity is a mathematical concept used in fluid dynamics.

Barbuda
Barbuda is an island in eastern,s state Antigua Barbuda.

Émile Durkheim
Émile Durkheim  was a French sociologist.

Popcorn
Popcorn is a snack food.

SBD Dauntless
The SBD Dauntless  was a dive bomber made by Douglas Aircrafty  during World War II.

John Bardeen
John Bardeen  was an physicist electrical engineer.

Reconnaissance
Reconnaissance,times scouting, is act exploring  to gain information.

Cape Verde-type hurricane
A Cape Verde-type hurricane is antic hurricane that develops near Cape Verde islands,fst coast Africa.

Windwardds
The Windwardds are southern islands Lesser Antilles.

Birth certificate
Most countries have statutes laws that regulate registration births.

Vital record
Vital records are records life events.

Tzitzernavank Monastery
Tzitzernavank Monastery  is an monastery located in regionatagh .

Hérens (district)
Hérens is a district in canton Valais ind.

Leuk (district)
1The municipalities Guttet Feschelre combined on October 1, 2000 .

Martigny (district)
Martigny is a district in canton Valais ind.

Mariner 10
Mariner 10 was a robotic space probe launched on November 3, 1973, to fly by planets Mercury Venus.

Fender
Fender is all known company that produces guitars.

Myra
Myra is an ancient town in Lycia.The town Kale  is situated near it today.

Metis (moon)
Metis, is Jupiter's closest moon.

Goblin Valley State Park, Utah
The Goblin Valley State Park is a State park in southern Utah.

European Article Number
The Article Number  is a standard to do barcodes.

Carrefour, Haiti
Carrefour is a poor district in Ouest Department Port-au-Prince, Haïti.

Mochi
Mochi is a type confectionary made from pounded pasty rice.

Donkey Kong (video game)
"Donkey Kong" is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1981.

Leogane
Léogâne is both a coastal city an arrondissement in Ouest Department, Haiti.

Atlantic Beach, Florida
Atlantic Beach is a city in Duval County, Florida, United States.

Pity
Pity is an emotion that may come from being near a person animal who is injured, in another unfortunate situation.

First ascent
In climbing, climb to reach top a mountain is called ascent.

ZIP code
The ZIP code is system postal codes used by United States Postal Service .

Eastern Time
Eastern Time  iss UTC+2 time zone, 2 hours ahead Coordinated Universal Time.

Tomcy
Thomas Leo "Tom"cy Jr.

Mount Thor
Mount Thor is a mountain on Baffind, Nunavut, Canada.

Waluigi
Waluigi is a character in Nintendo's series Mario video games.

Alexander von Humboldt
 was a naturalist explorer.

Nike, Inc.
Nike, Incorporated is a company in United States near Beaverton, Oregon.

Pound sterling
The pound isficial money used in United Kingdom.

Vestfold
Vestfold is a county in Norway.

Buskerud
Buskerud is Norway's 19 counties.

Telemark
Telemark is a county in Norway.

Akershus
Akershus is nineteen counties in Norway.

Westd White Terrier
The Westd White Terrier Westie isiginally a dog.

Soldier (song)
"Soldier" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kellyd, Michelle Williams, Rich Harrison, Garrett, T.I., Lil Wayne for Destiny's Child's studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" .

Abrasion
In dermatology, an abrasion, is a damage to skin, that affects only surface, generally not deeper than epidermis.

Wear (erosion)
In materials science,ar is erosion material from a solid surface by action another solid.

Compacted oxide layer glaze
Compacted oxide layer glaze describesten shiny,ar-protective layer oxideed when two metals  are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere.

Wound
In medicine, a wound is a type physical trauma where in skin is torn, cut punctured , where blunt force trauma causes a bruise .

Chick Corea
Armando Anthony "Chick" Corea  is a multiple Grammy Award winning jazz pianist/keyboardist composer.

Monthey (district)
Monthey is a district canton Valais ind.

Raron (district)
Raron is a district in canton Valais ind.

Street children
Street Children is a term which can refer to differents children.

Saint-Maurice (district)
Saint-Maurice is a district in canton Valais ind.

Sierre (district)
Sierre is a district canton Valais ind.

Sion (district)
Sion is a district canton Valais ind.

Steckborn (district)
Steckborn is a district canton Thurgau.

Frauenfeld (district)
Frauenfeld is a district canton Thurgau.

Badger
American Badgers  are animals found primarily in Great Plains area North America.

Kreuzlingen (district)
Kreuzlingen is a district canton Thurgau ind.

Weinfelden (district)
Weinfelden is eight districts canton Thurgau ind.

Bischofszell (district)
Bischofszell is a district canton Thurgau ind.

Diessenhofen (district)
Diessenhofen is a district canton Thurgau ind.

Münchwilen (district)
Münchwilen is eight districts canton Thurgau ind.

Arbon (district)
Arbon is a district canton Thurgau ind.

Steckborn
Steckborn is a municipality capital city district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Frauenfeld
Frauenfeld is capital city canton Thurgau ind.

Benito Jeronimo Feijoo
Benito Jerónimo Feijoo y Montenegro  was a neoclassical monk scholar scientific thought in Galicia Spain.

Kreuzlingen
Kreuzlingen is a municipality in district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Weinfelden
Weinfelden is a municipality in canton Thurgau ind.

Bernardino de Sahagún
Bernardino de Sahagún , was a missionary to Aztec  people Mexico, known as compiler "Florentine Codex," also known as "Historia general de las cosas de Nueva España" .

Bruise
A bruise, also called a contusion ecchymosis, is a injury to biological tissue in which capillaries are damaged, allowing blood to seep into surrounding tissue.

Leopoldo Alas
Leopoldo Alas y Ureña , also known as "Clarín" was a realist writer born in Zamora.

Pasiphaë (moon)
Pasiphaë is Jupiter's moons.

Anthe (moon)
! bgcolor="#a0ffa0" colspan="2" | Orbital characteristics ! align="left" | Semi-major axis ! align="left" | Orbital period ! align="left" | Inclination ! align="left" | Is a moon ! bgcolor="#a0ffa0" colspan="2" | Physical characteristics ! align="left" | diameter ! align="left" | density ! align="left" | Surface gravity ! align="left" | Rotation period ! align="left" | Axial tilt Anthe is a very moon Saturn betweenbits Mimas Enceladus.

Kiviuq (moon)
Kiviuq is a non-spherical moon Saturn.

Manchukuo
Manchukuo was a puppet state in Manchuria eastern Inner Mongolia ruled by Emperor China Puyi.

Ijiraq (moon)
Ijiraq is a non-spherical moon Saturn.

Denial Genocide
Denial Genocide is assertion that events within Empire following April 24 1915 Tehcir Law May 1915re not a state-organized genocide directed against empire's inhabitants, that Genocide did not occur.

Paaliaq (moon)
Paaliaq is a non-spherical moon Saturn.

Hebrew Bible
The term "Hebrew Bible" means books Bible thatreiginally written in Hebrew, which people agree thaty belong to Biblical canon.

Skathi (moon)
Skathi Saturn XXVII, is a moon Saturn.

Targum
A targum  is an Aramaic translation Hebrew Bible  that was written compiled in Palestine in Babylonia from Second Temple period until early Middle Ages .

Adam Gilchrist
Adam Craig Gilchrist  is an cricketer.

Department store
A department store is a store that sells many different products.

The Princess Diaries 2
"The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement" is a 2004 Disney movie based on Princess Diaries book series by Meg Cabot.

Transfer chess
Transfer chess  is a version game, chess.

Harry Kewell
Harry Kewell  is an football player.

Worry Warts
"Worry Warts" is a children's story is by award winning author Morris.

Maiasaura
Maiasaura was ae, plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur.

Bait
Bait is used by fishermen to catch fish.

Dennis Kucinich
Dennis John Kucinich  is a United Statesntative from Ohio.

Tusk
Tusks is a very long tooth that animals have.

Bill Richardson
William Blaine "Bill" Richardson III  isor United States state New Mexico.

Mike Huckabee
Michael Dale "Mike" Huckabee  is a governor U.S.

Rudyi
Rudolph William Louis "Rudy"i  is a politician from New York in United States.

Albiorix (moon)
Albiorix is a non-spherical moon Saturn.

S/2007 S 2
S/2007 S 2 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

Bebhionn (moon)
Bebhionn Saturn XXXVII  is a moon Saturn.

Erriapo (moon)
Erriapo Saturn XXVIII, is non-spherical moon Saturn.

Skoll (moon)
Skoll Saturn XLVII  is non-spherical moon Saturn.

Siarnaq (moon)
Siarnaq Saturn XXIX, is a non-spherical moon Saturn.

Tarqeq (moon)
Tarqeq Saturn LII  is a moon Saturn.

Brunswick, Georgia
Brunswick is a city in U.S.

Cocoa Beach, Florida
Cocoa Beach is a city in Brevard County, Florida, United States.

Santee River
The Santee River is a river in South Carolina in United States, 143 mi .

Federal Emergency Management Agency
The Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, is an agency United States Departmentd Security.

Tropical Depression 10 (2005)
Tropical Depression 10 was tropical cyclone in 2005tic hurricane season that did not make it to tropical storm force strength.

Utahraptor
Utahraptor was ae mid-Cretaceous predator with 9-15 inch long middle-toe claws.

Albertosaurus
Albertosaurus was a relativenosaurus.

Michael Clarke
Michael John Clarke  is an cricketer.

S/2004 S 13
S/2004 S 13 is a moon Saturn.

Greip (moon)
Greip Saturn LI  is a moon Saturn.

Hyrrokkin (moon)
Hyrrokkin Saturn XLIV  is a moon Saturn.

Jarnsaxa (moon)
Jarnsaxa Saturn L  is a moon Saturn.

Tarvos (moon)
Tarvos Saturn XXI is a non-spherical moon Saturn.

1450
1450 was a common year in century.

Product (business)
A product isthing that is made tenthing that is sold.

Yippee
Yippee is a 2006 documentary movie created by director Paul Mazursky.

Vung Tau
Vung Tau  is a city in Ba Ria-Vung Tau Province, Vietnam.

Media Access Control
A Media Access Control address  is a 48 bit code which allows a computer to be a computer network.

Arabic Wikipedia
The Arabic Wikipedia  is Arabic language version Wikipedia.

French Wikipedia
The French Wikipedia  is French language edition Wikipedia, spelled "Wikipédia".

German Wikipedia
The Wikipedia  is language edition Wikipedia.

Mundilfari (moon)
Mundilfari Saturn XXV, is a moon Saturn.

S/2006 S 1
S/2006 S 1 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

S/2004 S 17
S/2004 S 17 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

Bergelmir (moon)
Bergelmir Saturn XXXVIII  is a moon Saturn.

Narvi (moon)
Narvi Saturn XXXI, is a moon Saturn.

Suttungr (moon)
Suttungr Saturn XXIII, is a moon Saturn.

Hati (moon)
Hati Saturn XLIII  is a moon Saturn.

S/2004 S 12
S/2004 S 12 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

Farbauti (moon)
Farbauti Saturn XL  is a moon Saturn.

Thrymr (moon)
Thrymr Saturn XXX, is a moon Saturn.

Aegir (moon)
Aegir Saturn XXXVI  is a moon Saturn.

S/2007 S 3
S/2007 S 3 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

Porrentruy (district)
The District Porrentruy is districts canton Jura,d.

Franches-Montagnes (district)
The Districtches-Montagnes is a district canton Jura,d.

Bestla (moon)
Bestla Saturn XXXIX  is a moon Saturn.

S/2004 S 7
S/2004 S 7 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

Beckenried
Beckenried is a municipality canton Nidwalden ind.

Buochs
Buochs is a municipality in canton Nidwalden ind.

S/2006 S 3
S/2006 S 3 is an unnamed moon Saturn.

Fenrir (moon)
Fenrir Saturn XLI  is a moon Saturn.

Surtur (moon)
Surtur Saturn XLVIII  is a moon Saturn.

Kari (moon)
Kari Saturn XLV  is a moon Saturn.

Ymir (moon)
Ymir Saturn XIX is a moon Saturn.

Loge (moon)
Loge Saturn XLVI  is a moon Saturn.

Fornjot (moon)
Fornjot Saturn XLII  is a moon Saturn.

Cordelia (moon)
Cordelia it closest moon tous.

Leberkäse
s", ind usually called "Fleischkäse") is a meat specialty.

Albula (district)
Albula is districts in canton Graubünden ind.

Bernina (district)
Bernina is a district in canton Graubünden,d.

Ophelia (moon)
Ophelia is a closer moonus.

Hinterrhein (district)
Hinterrhein is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Imboden (district)
Imboden is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Inn (district)
Inn is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Landquart (district)
Landquart is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Maloja (district)
Maloja is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Moesa (district)
Moesa is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Plessur (district)
Plessur is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Davos (district)
Davos is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Adrastea (moon)
Adrastea, is closest moon to Jupiter.

Surselva (district)
Surselva is a district canton Graubünden,d.

Almens
Almens is a municipality in district Hinterrhein in Swiss canton Graubünden.

Bernese Jura
Bernese Jura  is a canton Bern ind.

Alvaneu
Alvaneu is a municipality in district Albula in canton Graubünden ind.

Birgisch
Birgisch is a municipality in district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Amalthea (moon)
Amalthea is closest moon to Jupiter.

Eggerberg
Eggerberg is a municipality in district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Mund
Mund is a municipality in district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Dallenwil
Dallenwil is a municipality in canton Nidwalden ind.

Emmetten
Emmetten is a municipality in canton Nidwalden ind.

Ennetbürgen
Ennetbürgen is a municipality in canton Nidwalden ind.

Ennetmoos
Ennetmoos is a municipality in canton Nidwalden ind.

Carpo (moon)
Carpo, is a moon Jupiter.

Sari
Sari is capital city province in.

Rasht
Rasht is capital city province.

Mazandaran
Mazandaran  is a province in north.

Kallichore (moon)
Kallichore, is a moon Jupiter.

Eurydome (moon)
Eurydome, is a moon Jupiter.

Sari (clothing)
A Sari is a type clothing for women.

West Berlin
West Berlin wasstern Berlin between 1949 1990.

Thyone (moon)
Thyone, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Su-27ker
The Su-27ker is a Soviet fighter aircraft made by Sukhoi.

Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau
Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau  was influential directors silent film era.

Harpalyke (moon)
Harpalyke, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Giganotosaurus
Giganotosaurus is carnivorous dinosaurs yet discovered.

Orthosie (moon)
Orthosie, is a moon Jupiter.

Eoraptor
Eoraptor  is earliest known dinosaurs.

Expressionism
Expressionism is a art.

Suchomimus
Suchomimus  was a fish-eating e spinosauridropod dinosaur with a crocodile-like are during middle portion Cretaceous period in Africa.

Kale (moon)
Kale, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Celtic Reconstructionistism
Celtic Reconstructionistism, which istimes just called by its initials, "CR", is a religion.

Hurricane Humberto (2007)
Hurricane Humbertoed strengthened faster than any other tropical cyclone on record within 18 hours landfall; developing on September 12, 2007 in northwestern Gulf Mexico, cyclone quickly strengthened struck Highd, Texas, with winds about 90 mph  early on September 13.

Highd, Texas
Highd is an unincorporated area located in Galveston County, Texas.

Preparations fore Katrina
This article covers details preparations fore Katrina, a major category 5 hurricane that destroyedsa, Mississippi, Alabama.

Waterford Nuclear Generating Station
The Waterford Steam Electric Station, Unit 3, also known as Waterford 3, is a nuclear power station located on a 3,000-acre  up-river from Hahnville,a, in St.

Passenger car
A passenger car is a type train that is people to from places.

McComb, Mississippi
McComb is a city located in Pike County, Mississippi, about 80 miles south Jackson, justf Interstate 55.

Checkpoint Charlie
Checkpoint Charlie was three places where people could travel from occupied sectorsy Berlin to Soviet occupied sectors.

Customs
Most countries have a Customs Service.

Whisky
Whisky is an alcoholic drink distilled from grain aged in wooden casks.

Iocaste (moon)
Iocaste, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Chaldene (moon)
Chaldene, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Amanda Jenssen
Amanda Jenssen  was runner up at Pop idol Sweden 2007.

Erinome (moon)
Erinome, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Aoede (moon)
Aoede, is a moon Jupiter.

Italian Wikipedia
The Wikipedia  is-language edition Wikipedia.

Quraysh
Quraysh was dominant tribe Mecca upon appearance religion Islam.

Arche (moon)
Arche, is a moon Jupiter.

Eukelade (moon)
Eukelade, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Quraish (sura)
Surat   is chapter Qur'an.

Sura
Sura , plural "Suwar") is an Arabic term that means literally "something enclosed surrounded by a fence wall." Sura means a "chapter" Qur'an.

Kore (moon)
Kore is a moon Jupiter.

Hertha BSC Berlin
Hertha BSC Berlin is a football club based in Berlin.

Chapter (books)
Many novels great length do not have chapters.

Sponde (moon)
Sponde, is a moon Jupiter.

Battle Uhud
The Battle Uhud  was fought on 23 March, 625  at Mount Uhud, in is now north-western Arabia.

Battle Badr
The Battle Badr , was fought March 17, 624 CEstern Arabia .

Hermippe (moon)
Hermippe, is a moon Jupiter.

Ceasefire
A ceasefire  is a stoppage a war any armed conflict, where each side conflict agrees with other to stop aggressive actions for time.

Khalid ibn al-Walid
Khālid ibn al-Walīd   also known as Sayf-Allah al-Maslul , was two famous Arab generals Muslim army during Muslim conquests Century.

Military tactics
Military tactics  are techniques for usingapons military units to fight an enemy in battle.

Marching band
A marching band is a group instrumental musicians who generally performdoors.

Hergiswil
Hergiswil is a municipality in canton Nidwalden ind.

Max Bruch
Max Friedrich Bruch  also known as Max Karl August Bruch, was atic composer conductor who wrote over 200 works, including three violin concertos, which is a staple violin repertoire.

Oberdorf, Nidwalden
Oberdorf is a municipality canton Nidwalden ind.

Postgraduate education
Postgraduate is forone who is doing further education, after he she graduated from university.

Stans
Stans is capital city canton Nidwalden ind.

Stansstad
Stansstad is a municipality canton Nidwalden ind.

Wolfenschiessen
Wolfenschiessen is a municipality canton Nidwalden ind.

Bischofszell
Bischofszell is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau in countryd.

Diessenhofen
Diessenhofen is a municipality district Diessenhofen in canton Thurgau ind.

Münchwilen, Thurgau
Münchwilen is a municipality capital city district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Arbon
Arbon is a municipality capital city district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Aadorf
Aadorf is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Genius
A genius is a person who is exceptionally intelligent.

Affeltrangen
Affeltrangen is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Altnau
Altnau is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Amlikon-Bissegg
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Amriswil
Amriswil is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Taygete (moon)
Taygete, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Betschwanden
Betschwanden is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Glarus (canton)
Glarus is a canton in eastd.

Mendrisio (district)
The district Mendrisio is southernmost district canton Ticinod.

Chert
Chert is a type rock that includes flint agate.

Mendrisio
Mendrisio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Coldrerio
Coldrerio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Franciscan Assemblage
The Assemblage is a term in geology that describes assemblage rocks located near San Peninsula.

Genestrerio
Genestrerio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Blind Beach
Blind Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, near Goat Rock Beach.

Goat Beach
Goat Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, near Goat Rock Beach.

Sonoma Coast State Beach
The Sonoma Coast State Beach is a string beaches in Sonoma County, California, extending from Bodega Head in Bodega to just north Goat Rock Beach.

Bern (canton)
The Swiss canton Bern has a population about 947,000.

Aarberg
Aarberg is a municipality district Aarberg in canton Berne ind.

Bargen, Bern
Bargen is a municipality in district Aarberg in canton Bern ind.

Coast Miwok
The Coast Miwokre a Native tribe who lived in is now California.

Pomo
The Pomore a Native tribe who lived in is now California.

Euporie (moon)
Euporie is a moon Jupiter.

Autonoe (moon)
Autonoe, is a moon Jupiter.

Hegemone (moon)
Hegemone, is a moon Jupiter.

Euanthe (moon)
Euanthe is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Kalyke (moon)
Kalyke, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Megaclite (moon)
Megaclite, is a moon Jupiter.

Emerald (color)
Emerald is a color that is a shade green.

Isonoe (moon)
Isonoe, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

André-Marie Ampère
André-Marie Ampère  was a French physicist mathematician who helped discover electromagnetism.

Cyllene (moon)
Cyllene, is a moon Jupiter.

Dive bomber
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives towards ground so it can get very close to its targets.

Naters
Naters is a municipality district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Ried-Brig
Ried-Brig is a municipality district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Simplon
Simplon is a municipality district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Fiberglass
Fiberglass  is material made from extremely fine fibers glass.

Composite material
Composite materials  are engineered materials made from two more constituent materials with significantly different physical chemical properties which remain separate distinct on a macroscopic level within finished structure.

Fibre
Fibre fiber is a class materials that are continuous filaments are in discrete elongated pieces, similar to lengths thread.

Fibre-reinforced polymer
A fibre-reinforced polymer ) is a composite material that consists a polymer matrix that is reinforced with fibres.

Glass-reinforced plastic
Glass-reinforced plastic , is a composite material fiber-reinforced polymer made a plastic reinforced by fine fibers made glass.

Carbon fiber reinforced plastic
Carbon fiber reinforced plastic , is a very strong, light expensive composite material fiber-reinforced plastic.

Thermal expansion
In physics,rmal expansion is tendency matter to change in volume in response to a change in temperature.

Carbon fiber
Carbon fiber Carbon fibre is alsotimes called graphite fiber.

Coefficient
In mathematics, a coefficient is a constant multiplicative factor a certain object.

Enrico Fermi
Enrico Fermi  was an physicist who worked on nuclear reactor helped make quantumory.

Physical coefficient
A physical coefficient is an important number that characterizes physical property a technical scientific object.

Coefficientrmal expansion
Solidsly expand in response to heating contract on cooling.

Surveying
Surveying is technique science accurately determining position points distances angles betweenm.

Jorge Manrique
Jorge Manrique (c.

Minutes to Midnight
"Minutes to Midnight" is studio album by nu metal band, Linkin Park.

Thelxinoe (moon)
Thelxinoe is a moon Jupiter.

Oskar Lafontaine
Oskar Lafontaine  is a left-wing politician a founder member new politicaly "Die Linke".

Differential coefficient
In mathematics, differential coefficient a function "f" is now called its derivative "df"/"dx".

Periodic table period
A period in Periodic Table is any horizontal row elements.

Atomicbital
Atomicbitals are a series concentric spheres in which electronsbit.

Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf is a borough Berlin,ed in 2001 by joining together old boroughs Charlottenburg Wilmersdorf.

Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is a borough Berlin.

Lichtenberg-Hohenschönhausen
Lichtenberg is a borough Berlin,y.

Proteaceae
Proteaceae is a family flowering plants.

Marzahn-Hellersdorf
Marzahn-Hellersdorf is 12 new boroughs Berlin.

Billionaire
A billionaire isbody who has at least billion units currency .

Neukölln
Neukölln is a borough Berlin.

Pankow
Pankow is new borough Berlin.

Reinickendorf
Reinickendorf is a borough Berlin.

Pasithee (moon)
Pasithee, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Steglitz-Zehlendorf
Steglitz-Zehlendorf is a borough Berlin.

Thrillville
"Thrillville" is a PlayStation 2, Xbox PlayStation Portable game made by Lucasarts Frontier.

Volvo
Volvo is a car truck maker founded in 1927.

Tempelhof-Schöneberg
Tempelhof-Schöneberg is new borough Berlin,ed in 2001 by merging old boroughs Tempelhof Schöneberg.

Treptow-Köpenick
Treptow-Köpenick is a borough Berlin,ed in 2001 by merging boroughs Treptow Köpenick.

Platanaceae
Platanaceae is a family flowering plants.

Microsoft Office Online
Microsoft Office Online isbsite Microsoft Office.

Visual Studio Tools for Office
Visual Studio Tools for Office  is an add-on product for Microsoft's Visual Studio product that enables developers to create applications built on Microsoft Office.

Callirrhoe (moon)
Callirrhoe, is Jupiter's farthestd moons.

Mneme (moon)
Mneme, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Lift Coefficient
The lift coefficient  is coefficient without a dimension that relates lift generated by an airfoil, dynamic pressure fluid flow around airfoil, planform area airfoil.

Karl Dönitz
Karl Dönitz   was a naval leader.

Helike (moon)
Helike, is a moon Jupiter.

Turbulence
In fluid dynamics, turbulence turbulent flow is a flow regime characterized by chaotic, stochastic property changes.

Praxidike (moon)
Praxidike, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Great Dark Spot
The Great Dark Spot was a dark spot on Neptune similar in appearance to Jupiter's Great Red Spot.

Supersonic
The term supersonic is a speed that is over speed sound .

Small Dark Spot
The Small Dark Spot,times also called Dark Spot 2 The Wizard's Eye, was a southern cyclonic storm on planet Neptune.

Aitne (moon)
Aitne, is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

William Lassell
William Lassell  was a astronomer, born in Bolton,ire,d.

Roche limit
The Roche limit ,times Roche radius, is distance within which a celestial body, held together only by its own gravity, will disintegrate due to a celestial body's tidal forces exceeding body's gravitational self-attraction.

Synchronousbit
A synchronousbit is anbit in which anbiting body  has a period equal to average rotational period body beingbited , in same direction rotation as that body.

François Arago
François Dominique Arago  was a French mathematician, physicist, astronomer politician.

S/2003 J 2
is an unnamed non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Santiago Rodríguez Province
Santiago Rodríguez is a province Republic.

S/2003 J 5
is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Magnolia (tree)
Magnolia is a genus 210 species.

S/2003 J 4
is a moon Jupiter.

MiG-19 Farmer
The MiG-19 Farmer was a Soviet fighter aircraft made by.

1162 Larissa
1162 Larissa is an main belt asteroidbiting Sun.

Camille Flammarion
Nicolas Camille Flammarion  was a French astronomer writer.

S/2003 J 17
is a moon Jupiter.

Johann Gottfried Galle
Johann Gottfried Galle  was a astronomer at Berlin Observatory who, with help student Heinrich Louis d'Arrest, was person to view planet Neptune, know he was looking at .

Voyager program
The Voyager program is a space exploration program United States' NASA agency.

Neptune
A Neptune is an object, for example a moon asteroid, which is in samebit as planet Neptune.

Edward
Edward is currently a professor inova University's Department Astronomy Astrophysics.

Occultation
An occultation is an event that occurs when object is hidden by another object that passes between it observer.

Flattening
The flattening, ellipticity, oblateness an oblate spheroid is "squashing" spheroid's pole, down towards its equator.

Adaptive optics
Adaptive optics is a technology to improve performance optical systems by reducing effects rapidly changing optical distortion.

Optical depth
Optical depth is a measure transparency.

English free settlers
The free settlersre people that chose to go to Australia.

Meter (poetry)
In poetry, meter  means rhythmic patterns in a verse.

Verse (poetry)
In poetry a verse is single line in a metrical composition, e.g.

S/2003 J 9
is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Dynamic pressure
In fluid dynamics dynamic pressure depends on density velocity fluid.

Lichtenberg
Lichtenberg was a borough in Berlin.

Aaron Burr
Aaron Burr, Jr.

Charlotte Lindström
Charlotte Karin Lindström  is a waitress, promotion model current prisoner who on May 26, 2007 at 10.40am was arrested in Sydney, Australia on suspicion trying to hire a hitman to kill two men whore about to testify against her boyfriend Steven Spaliviero in court.

Bilten
Bilten is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Braunwald
Braunwald is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Elm,d
Elm is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Engi
Engi is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Ennenda
Ennenda is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Filzbach
Filzbach is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Glarus (city)
Glarus  is capital Canton Glarus ind.

Haslen
Haslen is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Linthal
Linthal is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Luchsingen
Luchsingen is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Matt,d
Matt is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Agno
Agno is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Airolo
Airolo is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Altotone
Altotone is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Balerna
Balerna is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Castel San Pietro
Castel San Pietro is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Chiasso
Chiasso is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Morbio Inferiore
Morbio Inferiore is a municipality canton Ticino in countryd in hills above Chiasso.

Caneggio
Caneggio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Cabbio
Cabbio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Vacallo
Vacallo is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Sagno
Sagno is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Aarwangen (district)
Aarwangen is a district in northeast corner canton Bern ind.

Baden (district)
Baden is a district in canton Aargau,d.

Bremgarten (district)
Bremgarten is a Swiss district in Canton Aargau.

Brugg (district)
Brugg is a district in Canton Aargau,d, it is located south Aare Aargauer Jura covers district.

Kulm (district)
Kulm is an administrative district in canton Aargau,d.

Laufenburg (district)
Laufenburg is a district canton Aargau,d.

Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris  is an karate competitor actor.

George Clinton (vice president)
George Clinton  was an soldier politician.

Ignatius Antioch
Saint Ignatius Antioch  (ca.

S/2003 J 3
is a moon Jupiter.

Stephen
Stephen Steven  is an masculine, comes Latin "Stephanus" that from Greek "Στέφανος" , which means "crown" "wreath." Other spellings are,, Stevon.

Muri (district)
Muri is a district in Swiss Canton Aargau with capital Muri.

Diminutive
A diminutive is aation a word object quality that is meant with word diminutive ised from.

Rheinfelden (district)
Rheinfelden is a district canton Aargau ind.

Zofingen (district)
Zofingen is a district in Swiss canton Aargau.

S/2003 J 16
is a moon Jupiter.

Licinius
Flavius Galerius Valeriusus Licinius (c.

Zurzach (district)
Zurzach is a district in Swiss Canton Aargau with capital Zurzach.

Aarau
Aarau is capital northern Swiss canton Aargau.

S/2003 J 10
is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Aarburg
Aarburg is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Abtwil, Aargau
Abtwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Ammerswil
Ammerswil is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Edict
The Edict was a letter signed by emperorstine Licinius, that proclaimed religious toleration in Empire.

Aristau
Aristau is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Arni, Aargau
Arni is a municipality district Bremgarten in Swiss canton Aargau.

Religious toleration
Religious toleration means that accepts permits religious beliefs practices which are different from's own beliefs.

Attelwil
Attelwil is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

S/2003 J 19
is a moon Jupiter.

Aigle (district)
Aigle is a district canton Vaud,d.

Aubonne (district)
Aubonne is a district canton Vaud ind.

Avenches (district)
Avenches is a district Canton Vaud,d.

Cossonay (district)
Cossonay is a district Canton Vaud,d.

Echallens (district)
Echallens is a district Canton Vaud,d.

Grandson (district)
Grandson is a district Canton Vaud ind.

Theodosius I
Flavius Theodosius , also called Theodosius I Theodosius Great, was Emperor from 379-395.

Lausanne (district)
Lausanne is a district canton Vaud,d.

Ernest Shackleton
Ernest Shackleton  was an Anglo explorer.

Lavaux (district)
Lavaux is a district canton Vaud ind.

Morges (district)
Morges is a district canton Vaud ind.

Anzonico
Anzonico is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Aquila,d
Aquila is a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Aranno
Aranno is a municipality districto in canton Ticino in southernd.

Basadingen-Schlattingen
Basadingen-Schlattingen is a municipality district Diessenhofen in canton Thurgau ind.

Berg, Thurgau
Berg is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Berlingen,d
Berlingen is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

S/2003 J 15
is a moon Jupiter.

S/2003 J 18
is a moon Jupiter.

Stanisław Wyspiański
Stanisław Wyspiański  was a writer, painter, architect.

Eustreptospondylus
Eustreptospondylus  was a megalosaurid tetanuranropod  about 23-30 ft  long,ighing about 440-550 pounds .

S/2003 J 23
is a moon Jupiter.

Megaraptor
Megaraptor was ae, terrifying late Cretaceous predator with two enormous, sickle-like claws on each hand.

7 Iris
7 Iris " is ae main belt asteroid.

3 Juno
Juno , designated 3 Juno in Minoret Center catalogue system, was asteroid to be discovered is main belt asteroids, being heaviest stony S-type.

6 Hebe
6 Hebe " is ae Main belt asteroid.

2001 QR322
 is Neptune discovered in 2001 by Deep Ecliptic Survey.

2004 UP10
 is a Neptune discovered by Scott S.

2005 TN53
 is a possible Neptune discovered by Scott S.

2005 TO74
 is a possible Neptune discovered by Scott S.

2006 RJ103
 is a Neptune discovered by SDSS Collaboration in 2006.

2007 RW10
is a Neptune discovered in September 2007.

Radiogenic
A radiogenic nuclide is that is created by a process radioactive decay.

Tropopause
The tropopause is a boundary region in Earth's atmosphere between troposphere stratosphere.

Gravity wave
In fluid dynamics, gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium at interface between two mediums (e.g.

Accretion disc
An accretion disc  is a structureed by diffuse material inbital motion around a central body.

Victoria Beckham
Victoria Caroline Beckham  is an singer fashiondesigner.

Spice (album)
Spice was album by Spice Girls.

Head tie
A head tie is ast southern women’s head scarf, specifically an elaboratenamental head covering.

Dupatta
Dupatta  is a long scarf that is essential to many South women's suits.

Charles XII Sweden
Charles XII  was king Sweden from 1697 to 1718.

Izanagi
is a deity who was a child seven divine generations in mythology Shintoism, is also roughly translated Kojiki as "male who invites",agi-no-mikoto.

S/2003 J 12
is a moon Jupiter, is known.

Kurt Weill
Kurt Weill , was a composer who later became an.

S/2000 J 11
S/2000 J 11 is farthest prograde non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Sinope (moon)
Sinope is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

French press
A French press  is a special machine.

Ananke (moon)
Ananke is a retrograde non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Grind
A grind a blade is cross-section blade.

Camptosaurus
Camptosaurus  was a plant-eater from late Jurassic period  that looked a lotodon.

Carme (moon)
Carme is a retrograde non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Leda (moon)
Leda, is a prograde non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Lysithea (moon)
Lysithea is a prograde non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Rust Belt
The Rust Belt refers to an area north central United States.

Paxa
Paxa was time whenre was peace in Empire.

UH-1 Huey
The UH-1 Iroquois  was a helicopter made by Bell Helicopters.

Terabyte
A terabyte  is a unit measurement in computers similar electronic devices.

Meteora (album)
"Meteora" is studio album by Linkin Park.

Say My Name
"Say My Name" is a number-one single by R&B group Destiny's Child for Columbia Records label, released in early 2000.

Veto
A right veto means thatbody can stop decisions legislation.

Bettwiesen
Bettwiesen is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Bichelsee-Balterswil
Bichelsee-Balterswil is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Birwinken
Birwinken is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Bottighofen
Bottighofen is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Braunau,d
Braunau is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Bürglen, Thurgau
Bürglen is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Elbridge Gerry
Elbridge Thomas Gerry  was an politician from Massachusetts.

Bussnang
Bussnang is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Piltdown Man
Piltdown Man  was once thought to be a "missing link" between man ape.

Dozwil
Dozwil is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Egnach
Egnach is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Erlen
Erlen is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Ermatingen
Ermatingen is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Eschenz
Eschenz is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Eschlikon
Eschlikon is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Felben-Wellhausen
Felben-Wellhausen is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Fischingen,d
Fischingen is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Gachnang
Gachnang is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Gottlieben
Gottlieben is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Güttingen
Güttingen is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

TNT (couriers)
TNT is a delivery company that delivers packages either world-wide within a country by couriers.

The Bad Beginning
"The Bad Beginning" is a book by Lemony Snicket.

Count Olaf
Count Olaf is principal villain from Lemony Snicket's "A Series Unfortunate Events".

Warhammer 40,000
Warhammer 40,000 also called 40K is a table-top game in which model armies fight against each other on miniature terrain.

Hauptwilaus
Hauptwilaus is a municipality in district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Hefenhofen
Hefenhofen is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Herdern
Herdern is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Hohentannen
Hohentannen is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Homburg,d
Homburg is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Horn,d
Horn is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Termen
Termen is a municipality district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Zwischbergen
Zwischbergen is a municipality district Brig in canton Valais ind.

Daspletosaurus
Daspletosaurus  was a tyrannosauridropod dinosaur that was 26-33 feet  longighed perhaps 2-3.5 tons .

1447
Year 1447 was a common year starting on Sunday.

Mitte
Mitte was central borough Berlin .

Groß-Berlin
Groß-Berlin Greater Berlin was created by an act parliament made on 27 April 1920.

Pardon
A Pardon is a President other important political person "gives" toone who has been put in jail taken to court.

Medellín (Spain)
Medellín is a village in province Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.

Sean Watkins
Sean Watkins is a United States guitarist famous as a member acoustic trio Nickel Creek.

Sara Watkins
Sara Watkins is a United States violinist famous as a member United States bluegrass band Nickel Creek.

Elara (moon)
Elara is a non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Crochet hook
A crochet hook is a tool crochet fabric.

Pterodaustro
Pterodaustro was a pterosaur from South America, are living from Cretaceous period.

Dsungaripterus
Dsungaripterus  was a pterosaur with 10 feet  wide leathery wings.

Himalia (moon)
Himalia is non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Kalli Raptis
Kalli Raptis has worked in aington, DC-based nonprofitganization, where she dealt with foreign policy conflict resolution issues in southeast Europe Caucasus.

Brachychiton
"Brachychiton"  is a genus 31 species treese shrubs.

Themisto (moon)
Themisto, is a prograde non-spherical moon Jupiter.

Thebe (moon)
Thebe, is Jupiter's known moons .

Antagonist
An antagonist is character in a story whom has evil intent.

Joet
Joet  was a famous animator, writer illustrator.

Ganymede (moon)
Ganymede is moon Jupiter, also in Solar System.

Callisto (moon)
Callisto is a moon planet Jupiter, discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei.

Garth Brooks
Troyal Garth Brooks  is an country music singer-songwriter.

Baden
Baden is a historical state in south-westy.

Color
Color colour is a property light as seen by people.

Hüttlingen,d
Hüttlingen is a municipality district Frauenfeld, in canton Thurgau ind.

Hüttwilen
Hüttwilen is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Kemmental
Kemmental is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Kesswil
Kesswil is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Kradolf-Schönenberg
Kradolf-Schönenberg is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Langrickenbach
Langrickenbach is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Lengwil
Lengwil is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Mitsubishi Model A
Thei Model A is only car built byi Shipbuildingy, a memberi "keiretsu" which would later becomei Motors, automobile made in.

Gopher (protocol)
Gopher is a protocol.

Inner moons Jupiter
The inner moons Jupiter are four moons thatbit close to Jupiter.

Galilean moons
The moons are four moons Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei.

Passion cantata
A Passion cantata is a cantata.

Aberdeen Grammar School
Aberdeen Grammar School is twelveary schools run by government in City Aberdeen,d.

Wireless Application Protocol
The Wireless Application Protocol  is a protocol.

Himalia group
The Himalia group is a group prograde non-spherical moons Jupiter that follow similarbits to Himalia are thought to have a commonigin.

SOS
SOS  is a Morse code.

Naturalization
Naturalization is when a person changes his her nationality.

Semaphore
A Semaphore is an installation optical signals.

Ananke group
Theke group is a group retrograde non-spherical moons Jupiter that follow similarbits toke are thought to have a commonigin.

Carme group
The Carme group is a group retrograde non-spherical moons Jupiter that follow similarbits to Carme are thought to have a commonigin.

Alexis Bouvard
Alexis Bouvard  was a French astronomer.

George Biddell Airy
Sir George Biddell Airy  was an mathematician astronomer, Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881.

Pasiphaë group
The Pasiphaë group is a group retrograde non-spherical moons Jupiter that follow similarbits to Pasiphaë are thought have a commonigin.

Rashomon
Rashomon is a 1950 film directed by renowned film director Akira Kurosawa.

James Challis
James Challis  was an clergyman, physicist astronomer.

Heinrich Louis d'Arrest
Heinrich Louis d'Arrest  was a astronomer, born in Berlin.

Olin J. Eggen
Olin Jeuck Eggen  was an astronomer.

John Herschel
Sir John Frederick William Herschel, Baronet  was an mathematician, astronomer, chemist, experimental photographer/inventor.

Berlin Observatory
The Berlin Observatory  has itsigins in 1700 when Gottfried Leibniz initiated "Societät der Wissenschaften"  which would later  become "Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften" .

Astronomer Royal
Astronomer Royal is a senior post in Royal Household Sovereign United Kingdom.

Royal Observatory, Greenwich
The Royal Observatory, Greenwich  was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II, with foundation stone being laid on 10 August.At this time king also created position Astronomer Royal , to serve as director observatory to "apply himself with exact care diligence to rectifying tables motions heavens, places fixed stars, so as to find so much desired longitude places for perfecting art navigation." It is situated on a hill in Greenwich Park in Greenwich, London, overlooking River Thames.

Keira Knightley
Keira Christina Knightley  is a Golden Globe Academy Award nominated actress.

Carnosauria
Carnosauria are infraclass very evokes danger, from Greek for "meat-eating lizards".

Lake Pontchartrain
Lake Pontchartrain  is a brackish lake located in southeasterna.

Bianca (moon)
Bianca is a closer moon tous.

Cressida (moon)
Cressida is a closer moon tous.

Desdemona (moon)
Desdemona is a closer moon tous.

Art Pepper
Arthur Edward "Art" Pepper, Jr.

Squash (sport)
Squash is a sport in which two players hit a ball with a racket .

Juliet (moon)
Juliet is a closer moon tous.

Low Saxon
Plattdüütsch is aic language.

Project Runway
Project Runway is a reality television series where clothing designers compete.

Lommis
Lommis is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Mammern
Mammern is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Märstetten
Märstetten is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Matzingen
Matzingen is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Müllheim,d
Müllheim is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Münsterlingen
Münsterlingen is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Neunforn
Neunforn is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Pfyn
Pfyn is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Raperswilen
Raperswilen is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Rickenbach, Thurgau
Rickenbach is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Roggwil
Roggwil is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Romanshorn
Romanshorn is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Franconian Dialect
The Dialect  is a dialect, which is spoken inconia.

Tübingen
Tübingen is a city in state Baden-Württemberg.

Salenstein
Salenstein is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Salmsach
Salmsach is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Schlatt bei Diessenhofen
Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality district Diessenhofen in canton Thurgau ind.

Schönholzerswilen
Schönholzerswilen is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Bong
A bong a water pipe is a special pipe.

Sirnach
Sirnach is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Sommeri
Sommeri is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

Stettfurt
Stettfurt is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Sulgen
Sulgen is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Violin Concerto (Berg)
Alban Berg's "Violin Concerto" was written in 1935.

Portia (moon)
Portia is a closer moon tous.

Tom Jerry Tales
Tom Jerry Tales is an animated telvision series which begam production in 2005, currently aring on The CW's Kids WB block.

Ragıp Zarakolu
Ragıp Zarakolu  is a publisher who has long faced legal problems for publishing books on controversial things in Turkey, especially on minority human rights in Turkey.

Instrumental doubling
The term "doubling" isten used in woodwind section.

Aska Yang
Aska Yang, born on April 4, 1978, is a popular singer a member Million Star Gang .

Ara
Ara   is an musician, composer musical producer.

Heidi Klum
Heidi Klum  is a model, actress, singer, a clothing maker.

Ceratosauria
Ceratosauria are dinosaurs seen in fossil record in late Triassic period, 225 million years ago.

Rosalind (moon)
Rosalind is a closer moon tous.

Cupid (moon)
Cupid is a closer moon tous.

Uzi
An Uzi is a type submachine gun.

Escape Fate
Escape Fate is an emo post-hardcore band from Las Vegas, Nevada.

Post-hardcore
Post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself a broader punk rock movement.

Tropical Storm Olga (2007)
Tropical Storm Olga was fifteenthd storm 2007tic hurricane season.

Santiago Province (Dominican Republic)
Santiago is a province located in north central country.

Outflow (meteorology)
Outflow, in meteorology, is air that flowswards from a thunderstorm.

Mellotron
The Mellotron is a musical instrument, which appeared in 1960s.

Punta Cana
Punta Cana,d after a local cape, is a region in easternmost tip Republic.

Bayernliga
Theliga  is highest level soccer in Bavaria.

Gavialidae
Gavialidae is a family reptiles withinder Crocodilia.

Gharial
The gharial ,times called gharial gavial, is two surviving members family Gavialidae.

Franck Ribéry
Franck Bilal Ribéry  is a French football player.

False gharial
The false gharial gharial  is a fresh-water reptile.

Prime lens
A Prime lens is a lens wich has a fixed focal length.

Aperture
In Optics  an Aperture is a hole where light can pass through.

Zoom lens
A Variable focus lens  is a camera lens that can vary its focal length.

Belinda (moon)
Belinda is a closer moon tous.

Normal lens
In photography word normal lens is lenses that have a focal length which is rougly diagonal image projected inside camera.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar
Vyankatesh Madgulkar  was popularll-known Marathi writers his time.

The Ren Stimpy Show
The Ren Stimpy Show is an cartoon created by John Kricfalusi.

Perdita (moon)
Perdita is a closer moon tous.

135 film
135 film isficial photographic film that is used today.

European Charter for Regional Minority Languages
The Charter for Regional Minority Languages  is a treaty that was adopted in 1992.

Finger Eleven
Finger Eleven is a rock band.

Nefertiti
Nefertiti  (c.

Wide-angle lens
A wide-angle lens is a lens that has a focal length that is than that normal lens.

Grand Duchy Hesse
Thed Duchy Hesse  was a state that existed in modern-dayy.

Puck (moon)
Puck is a closer moon tous.

Schinus
"Schinus" ae genus Anacardiaceae, many tree.

Mab (moon)
Mab is a closer moon tous.

Telephoto lens
In photography, a telephoto lens is a lens.

Umbriel (moon)
Umbriel is a moonus found on October 24, 1851 by William Lassell.

Titania (moon)
Titania is moonus moon in Solar System.

The 20 gallows
The 20 gallows  is common for group activists whore hanged in Bayazid squaretinople in June 15, 1915.

Allowance
An allowance is usually an amount money that a parent gives to his/her child.

Social Democrat Party
The Social Democrat Party  , also known as Hentchak is oldest politicalies in Armenia Socialisty in Empire in Persia in 1880s.

Inverter
An inverter is a device changes electricity from devices such as batteries solar panels  to electricity similar to that used in home  so that household devices can be run from batteries such.

1998 FIFA World Cup
The 1998 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held ince from June 10 1998 to July 12, 1998.

1994 FIFA World Cup
The 1994 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in USA from June 17 1994 to July 17 1994.

1990 FIFA World Cup
The 1990 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Italy from June 8 to July 8, 1990.

Francisco (moon)
Francisco is closest non-spherical moonus.

Tropical cyclone warnings watches
Warnings watches are two levels alert issued by nationalather forecasting bodies to coastal areas threatened by imminent approach a tropical cyclone tropical storm hurricane strength.

Kingston, Jamaica
The City Kingston is capital city Jamaica.

Caliban (moon)
Caliban is retrograde non-spherical moonus.

Tropical cyclone forecast model
A tropical cyclone forecast model is a computer program that uses meteorological data to forecast motion intensity tropical cyclones.

Villalba, Puerto Rico
Villalba  is a municipality Puerto Rico located in central region, northeasta Díaz; south Orocovis;st Coamo.

Stephano (moon)
Stephano is a retrograde non-spherical moonus.

Trinculo (moon)
Trinculo is a retrograde non-spherical moonus.

Cabo Engaño
Cabo Engaño is a cape near Punta de Agua, easternmost point islandiola, in Republic.

Sycorax (moon)
Sycorax is retrograde non-spherical moonus.

Wozzeck
"Wozzeck" is an opera by composer Berg .

Gram (mythology)
In Norse mythology, Gram is sword Sigurd .

Tantra
Tantra , tantricism tantrism is for a number traditions from religions.

Sorbs
The Sorbs are Slavic people.

List writers
This is a list writers.

Almazán
Almazán is a city in Castilla y León, in Spain.

Ratnasambhava
Buddha Ratnasambhava is fivei Buddhas.

Hydrangea
Hydrangea, common Hortensia, is a genus 70-80 species flowers.

Mandala
A Mandala is a symbol either a man a woman in world.

Margaret (moon)
Margaret is only prograde non-spherical moonus.

Joanot Martorell
Joanot Martorell  was author novel "Tirant loch," which is written in language .

Pocket calculator
A pocket calculator is a calculator that helps people do mathematics.

Sts
Sts is main urban area City District Sts in southernire,d.

Lancaster,ire
The City Lancaster  is a local government district inire,d.

Vicecellory
The Vicecellor is deputy Federalcellor.

Peripheral equipment
Peripheral equipment  is any equipment a computer system more features.

Federal Ministryall Affairs
The Federal Ministryall Affairs was ministries Federal Republicy.

Marshall
Theall  was a plan United States for rebuilding allied countries Europe after World War II.

95ses
The "Ninety-Fives on Power Indulgences", commonly known as "The Ninety-Fives", was written by Martin Luther.

Indulgence
An indulgence, in Catholicology, means that temporal punishment for sins which have already been forgiven is taken from sinner.

Prospero (moon)
Prospero is a retrograde non-spherical moonus found on 1999-07-18 by astrophysicist Matthew his team, given designation S/1999 U 3.

Gaspar Melchor deos
Gaspar Melchor deos  was a neoclassical statesman, writer philosopher.

Empire State Building
The Empire State Building is a skyscraper tallest building in New York City.

Calvià
Calviá is a village on island Mallorca it has beaches on island.

Hoover Dam
The Hoover Dam is ae dam on Colorado River.

Felanitx
Felanitx is on east side Majorca close to Porto Colom on coast.

St. Peter's Basilica
St.

Alcúdia
Alcudia is a city on island Majorca.

Computer memory
The computer memory is a temporary storage area.

Setebos (moon)
Setebos is farthest retrograde non-spherical moonsus.

Yaque del Norte River
The Yaque Del Norte River is longest river in Republic.

Hydroelectricity dams in Republic
There are many hydroelectric plants in Republic, which is composed rivers, lakes, streams, several waterfalls.

Culebra, Puerto Rico
Isla Culebra   is an island-municipality Puerto Ricoiginally called Isla Pasaje Isla de San Ildefonso.

Vieques, Puerto Rico
Vieques , in full Isla de Vieques, is an island-municipality Puerto Rico in northeastern.

Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Fajardo  is a but popular city in Puerto Rico located in east region island, borderingtic, north Ceiba east Luquillo.Fajardo is spread over 7 wards Fajardo Pueblo .

Hurricane Noel
Hurricane Noel was fourteenthd storm hurricane 2007tic hurricane season.

Meteorological historye Wilma
The meteorological historye Wilma, strongest tropical cyclone known in Hemisphere, began inek October 2005.

Top Chef
Top Chef is a television reality competition show.

Cozumel
Cozumel  is an island in Seaf eastern coast Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula, opposite Playa del Carmen.

Capeo
Capeo is a cape at southern end Caxambasd, just south Marcod northwest Tendds in Collier County, Florida.

Jupiter, Florida
Jupiter is a town found in Palm Beach County, Florida.

Atlantic Canada
Atlantic Canada, also known astic provinces, is region Canada which is made up four provinces located ontic coast: three Maritime provinces – New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edwardd –d Labrador.

Tomb
A tomb is almost same as a grave.

Ferdinand (moon)
Ferdinand is farthest retrograde non-spherical moonus.

Nix (moon)
Nix is a non-spherical moon Pluto.

Anticyclone
In meteorology, an anticyclone  is aather event wherere is a downward movement air a high pressure area over planet's surface affected by it.

Dvorak technique
The Dvorak technique  is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible infrared satellite images.

Grand
Grand is threeds at about 196 km² contains capital George Town.

Tägerwilen
Tägerwilen is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Thundorf,d
Thundorf is a municipality district district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Tobel-Tägerschen
Tobel-Tägerschen is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Uesslingen-Buch
Uesslingen-Buch is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Hydra (moon)
Hydra is farthest moon Pluto.

5 Astraea
5 Astraea  is a main belt asteroid.

Fred George Weasley
Fred George Weasley are characters in J.K.

Nanyang Technological University
Nanyang Technological University  is a research university in Singapore.

ThaMuseMeant
ThaMuseMeant is an folk rock band from Virginia.

Uttwil
Uttwil is a municipality district Arbon in canton Thurgau ind.

8 Flora
8 Flora is a, bright main belt asteroid.

Central Nacional de Televisão
Central Nacional de Televisão CNT is a television network in Curitiba, Brazil.

Dropsonde
A dropsonde is aather reconnaissance device created by National Center for Atmospheric Research , dropped from an aircraft at altitude to more accurately measure  tropical storm conditions as device falls to ground.

Pressure gradient
In atmospheric sciences , pressure gradient  is a physical quantity that describes in which direction at rate pressure changes rapidly around aicular location.

Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory
The Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory  is a laboratory in Nationalic Atmospheric Administration /Officeic Atmospheric Research .

Puerto Morelos
Puerto Morelos is a town ina Roo, Mexico's easternmost state, on Yucatán Peninsula.

Cabo Catoche
Cabo Catoche Cape Catoche, in statea Roo, is northernmost point on Yucatán Peninsula.

Key West, Florida
Key West is a city an island same near southernmost tip Florida Keys in Monroe County, Florida, United States.

Servicio Meteorológico Nacional
The Servicio Meteorologíco Nacional  is Mexico's nationalatherganization.

Meteorological historye
The meteorological historye, longest tracked tropical cyclone 2004tic hurricane season, lasted from late August through late September.

Tropical cyclone scales
Tropical cyclones are ranked according toir maximum winds using several scales.

Gulf Shores, Alabama
Gulf Shores is a coastal city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.

Hurricane
Hurricane was strongest hurricane 2004tic hurricane season.

Orange Beach, Alabama
Orange Beach is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.

Emma Watson
Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson  is a actress.

Rupert Grint
Rupertder Lloyd Grint  is a actor known for playing character Ron Weasley in "Harry Potter" films.

9 Metis
9 Metis is main belt asteroids.

Saint Louis IXce
Saint Louis IX , also called Saint Louis, was Kingce from 1226 to his death.

Ministry for Intra Relations
The Federal Ministry Intra Relations  was a federal ministry Federal Republicy.

East Sussex
East Sussex is a county in South Eastd.

10 Hygiea
10 Hygiea is object in asteroid belt,what non-spherical with diameters 350 – 500 km a mass 3% total mass asteroid belt.

Karl Carstens
Karl Carstens  was a politician.

Rena Sinakin
Rena Sinakin  is an singer, songwriter record producer.

Goodbye (Eurovision song)
"Goodbye" was entry in Eurovision Song Contest 1997.

Norbert Lammert
Dr.

Amarna
The site Amarna  is located on east bank Nile River in province Minya.

Decomposer
A decomposer means anganism that breaks downe molecules from deadganisms into molecules returns important materials to environment.

Chairman
A isone who has authority over a group, business company.

Saleisha Stowers
Saleisha Stowers is winner season America's Next Top Model, a model competition on 2007.

River Ganges
Ganges Ganga is a river in North India, which isd after a Hindu goddess called Ganga.

Isaac Albéniz
Isaac Albéniz   was a composer pianist.

James Hetfield
James Hetfield  is an singer, songwriter guitarist.

Tyra Banks
Tyra Banks  is a popular supermodel.

America's Next Top Model
America's Next Top Model is a reality television series created hosted by supermodel Tyra Banks.

Prime Ministerce
The Prime Ministerce is person who controls governmentce.

François Fillon
Francois Fillon, born 4 March 1954 in Le Mans,ce is current Prime Ministerce.

1986 FIFA World Cup
The 1986 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1986.

Tobago
Tobago is two main islands that make up Republic Trinidad Tobago.

Saharan Air Layer
The Air Layer  is an intensely dry, warmtimes dust-laden layer atmosphere whichten overlays cooler, more-humid surface airtic.

Portland Point
Portland Point is southernmost point in Jamaica.

Yucatánnel
The Yucatánnel is a strait between Mexico Cuba.

George Town,ds
George Town,d, is capitalds, in West Indies.

Guanahacabibes Peninsula
Guanahacabibes Peninsula isstern point on island Cuba.

Mobile Bay
Mobile Bay is an inlet Gulf Mexico, lying within state Alabama in United States.

Delmarva Peninsula
The Delmarva Peninsula is ae peninsula on East Coast United States, made up bys three U.S.

1967tic hurricane season
The 1967tic hurricane seasonficially began on June 1, 1967, lasted until November 30, 1967.

Hurricane Beulah
Hurricane Beulah tracked through Sea, struck Yucatán Peninsula Mexico as a major hurricane, movedst-northwest into Gulf Mexico, briefly gaining Category 5 status.

Greater Antilles
The islands Sea, collectively known as West Indies areed by size location into Bahamas , Lesser Antilles Greater Antilles.

1930 FIFA World Cup
The 1930 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Uruguay in 1930.Uruguay won trophy after beating Argentina in final.

1934 FIFA World Cup
The 1934 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Italy in 1934.Italy won trophy after beating Czech in final.

1938 FIFA World Cup
The 1938 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held ince in 1938.

1950 FIFA World Cup
The 1950 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Brazil in 1954.Uruguay won trophy after beating Brazil in final.

1954 FIFA World Cup
The 1954 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held ind in 1954.

1958 FIFA World Cup
The 1958 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Sweden in 1954.Brazil won trophy after beating Sweden in final.

1962 FIFA World Cup
The 1962 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Chile in 1962.

1970 FIFA World Cup
The 1970 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1970.

1974 FIFA World Cup
The 1974 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held iny in 1974.

Anglo-Saxon mythology
Anglo-Saxon mythologty refers to Migration Periodic paganism practiced by peoples in to centuryd.

Hengest Horsa
Hengest (d.

1978 FIFA World Cup
The 1978 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Argentina in 1978.

Holly Beach,a
Holly Beach, also known as "Cajun Riviera", is a coastal town in statea, United States in Cameron.

Wayland
Wayland wasic god blacksmiths.

1982 FIFA World Cup
The 1982 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Spain in 1982.

Sporting event
A sporting event is when athletes play games matches to compete  otherwise showfir abilities in athletics.

Penance
Penance is repentance sins, asll as Catholic Sacramentce Reconciliation/Confession.

Repentance
Repentance means that a person wants to get rid sin that it has committed.

Repentance (disambiguation)
Repentance is an act recognized in Judaism,ity, Islam.

11 Parthenope
11 Parthenope is a, bright Main belt asteroid.

Southern All Stars
Southern All Stars are a popular rock music group from Kanagawa,.

12 Victoria
12 Victoria is a Main belt asteroid.

Asian Kung-Fu Generation
Asian Kung-Fu Generation  is a pop-rock band signed by Ki/oon Records, a subsidiary Sony Music Entertainment.

Agamidae
Agamidae are a scaled reptile family.

Kanjani∞
Kanjani Eight  is a music group.

13 Egeria
13 Egeria is a Main belt asteroid.

The Gazette (band)
is a rock band.

Exile (Japanese band)
EXILE  is a 7-member pop music band.The perfoemers this group are Hiro, Makidai, Matsu, Usa Akira.

Sling
A sling is a typeapon which involves swinging a rock round to gain speed before throwing it.

AnCafe
An Cafe  is a pop/rock banded in 2003 label Loop Ash.

Arashi
Arashi  is a five-member boy band.

Kobukuro
Kobukuro is a male pop band.

Home Made Kazoku
Home Made Kazoku is a hip-hop band,ed in 1996.

Kiroro
"Kiroro" is a music group.

Aiima
Aiima  is a singer-songwriter.

Greeeen
Greeeen The Green is a japanese J-pop group.

Misatoabe
 is a female popular music artist.

Cocco
Cocco  is a singer.

V6 (band)
V6 is a six people band from.

Metis (reggae artist)
Metis  is a reggae singer.

Kagrra,
is a rock band country's visual kei movement.

Bonnie Pink
Bonnie Pink  is a singer.

Aya Matsuura
Aya Matsuura  is a female singer, idol, actress, TV performer.

RADWIMPS
RADWIMPS  is a rock music group, that started in 2001.

Aqua Timez
Aqua Timez is a Pop band Music.

WaT
is a Pop duo.

14 Irene
14 Irene is a very Main belt asteroid.

Steve Allen
Stephen Valentine Patrick William Allen , known as Steve Allen, was an comedian, musician, talk show host.

Lollipop
Lollipops are available in a variety flavours,icularly fruit flavours.

2007 Formula One season
The 2007 Formula One season was edition championship.

2006 Formula One season
The 2006 Formula One season was edition championship.

2005 Formula One season
The 2005 Formula One season was edition championship.

2004 Formula One season
The 2004 Formula One season was edition championship.

2003 Formula One season
The 2003 Formula One season was edition championship.

2002 Formula One season
The 2002 Formula One season was edition championship.

2001 Formula One season
The 2001 Formula One season was edition championship.

2000 Formula One season
The 2000 Formula One season was edition championship.

1999 Formula One season
The 1999 Formula One season was edition championship.

1998 Formula One season
The 1998 Formula One season was edition championship.

1997 Formula One season
The 1997 Formula One season was edition championship.

1996 Formula One season
The 1996 Formula One season was edition championship.

1995 Formula One season
The 1995 Formula One season was edition championship.

1994 Formula One season
The 1994 Formula One season was edition championship.

1993 Formula One season
The 1993 Formula One season was edition championship.

1992 Formula One season
The 1992 Formula One season was edition championship.

1991 Formula One season
The 1991 Formula One season was edition championship.

1990 Formula One season
The 1990 Formula One season was edition championship.

1950 Formula One season
The 1950 Formula One season was edition championship.

1951 Formula One season
The 1951 Formula One season was edition championship.

1952 Formula One season
The 1952 Formula One season was championship.

1953 Formula One season
The 1953 Formula One season was championship.

1954 Formula One season
The 1954 Formula One season was edition championship.

1955 Formula One season
The 1955 Formula One season was championship.

1956 Formula One season
The 1956 Formula One season was championship.

1957 Formula One season
The 1957 Formula One season was championship.

1958 Formula One season
The 1958 Formula One season was championship.

1959 Formula One season
The 1959 Formula One season was championship.

1960 Formula One season
The 1960 Formula One season was championship.

1961 Formula One season
The 1961 Formula One season saw Phil Hill crowned as champion.

1962 Formula One season
The 1962 Formula One season saw Graham Hill crowned as champion.

1963 Formula One season
The 1963 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.

1964 Formula One season
The 1964 Formula One season crowned as champion John Surtees.

1965 Formula One season
The 1965 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.

1966 Formula One season
The 1966 Formula One season crowned as champion Jack Brabham.

1967 Formula One season
The 1967 Formula One season crowned as champion Denny Hulme.

1968 Formula One season
The 1968 Formula One season crowned as champion Graham Hill.

1969 Formula One season
The 1969 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1970 Formula One season
The 1970 Formula One season crowned as champion Jochen Rindt.

1971 Formula One season
The 1971 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1972 Formula One season
The 1972 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.

1973 Formula One season
The 1973 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1974 Formula One season
The 1974 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.

1975 Formula One season
The 1975 Formula One season saw Niki Lauda crowned as champion.

1976 Formula One season
The 1976 Formula One season crowned as champion as James Hunt.

1977 Formula One season
The 1977 Formula One season crowned as champion Niki Lauda.

1978 Formula One season
The 1978 Formula One season crowned as champion Mario Andretti.

1979 Formula One season
The 1979 Formula One season crowned as champion Jody Scheckter.

1980 Formula One season
The 1980 Formula One season was championship.

1981 Formula One season
The 1981 Formula One season was championship.

1982 Formula One season
The 1982 Formula One season was championship.

1983 Formula One season
The 1983 Formula One season was championship.

1984 Formula One season
The 1984 Formula One season was championship.

1985 Formula One season
The 1985 Formula One season was championship.

1986 Formula One season
The 1986 Formula One season was championship.

1987 Formula One season
The 1987 Formula One season was championship.

1988 Formula One season
The 1988 Formula One season was championship.

1989 Formula One season
The 1989 Formula One season was championship.

Lamar, Texas
Lamar is a community insas County, Texas, ten miles north Rockport forty miles north Corpus Christi.

Sukima switch
is a J-pop duo.

Qi Yuwu
Qi Yuwu  is a television movie actor.

Nigel Barker
Nigel Barker  is a fashion photographer popular for appearing on America's Next Top Model since Cycle 2.

Simpleton
A simpleton is a person who is stupid understands only very simple things.

Comedy-drama
Comedy-drama, also called dramedy, is a style television movies whenre are equal amounts both humor seriousness.

Petronas Twin Towers
The Petronas Twin Towers are two very tall skyscrapers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

Contrabass trombone
The Contrabass Trombone is lowest sounding trombone used in music today.

Bass trombone
The Bass Trombone is lowest sounding trombone used in music today.

Ponce, Puerto Rico
Ponce is city in Puerto Ricoside San metropolitan area.

Global Positioning System
Global Positioning System, also known as GPS, is a system satellites in space which are circling Earth.

Transmitter
Transmitter is a electronic device tool which sends receives a signal through electromagnetic radiation.

Layla
Layla is a song by Derek Dominos.

Audit
An audit is an evaluation examinationthing by a person group people.

Financial statements
In business, a financial statement is anganized document that includes financial information, income transactions, a person, company, government,ganization.

Benson & Hedges
Benson Hedgesre a cigarette manufacturer.

Royalt
Royalts Appointment are given by members Royal Family to companies other people who supplym withs.

Antonio de Cabezón
Antonio de Cabezón  was a composerganistce.

Glosa
Glosa is a term that wasten used by musicians in century to mean: a piece music which was similar to a set variations.

Real property
Real property is a type property that includes land buildings infrastructure in land.

15 Eunomia
15 Eunomia is a very asteroid in closer main asteroid belt.

16 Psyche
16 Psyche is a very Main belt asteroid,ll over 200 kilometers in diameter,ly metallic M-type asteroids.

Cancún,a Roo
Cancún  is a coastal city in Mexico's easternmost state,a Roo, on Yucatán Peninsula.

Norman, Oklahoma
Norman, Oklahoma, is county seat city ind County in U.S.

Midtic States
The Midtic States  nine geographic divisions within United States that areficially recognized by United States Census Bureau.

Landfall (meteorology)
Landfall is when a tropical cyclone waterspout moves over land after being over water.

Freeport, Texas
Freeport is a city in Brazoria County, Texas within Houston – Sugar Land – Baytown Area is situated in Southeast Texas.

San Luis Pass
San Luis Pass is a strait water at south-western end Galvestondf shores U.S.

17 Thetis
17 Thetis is a Main belt asteroid.

18 Melpomene
18 Melpomene is a, bright Main belt asteroid.

19 Fortuna
19 Fortuna is main belt asteroids.

20 Massalia
20 Massalia is a fairly bright Main belt asteroid.

21 Lutetia
21 Lutetia is a Main belt asteroid M spectral type, about 100 kilometers in diameter.

22 Kalliope
22 Kalliope is a main belt asteroid M-type, found by J.

IPod touch
The iPod touch  is a media player that was created sold by Apple Inc.

Tenor trombone
The Tenor Trombone is popular trombone type in use today.

Safari (web browser)
Safari is an internetb-browser that was created by Apple Inc.

Contact
Contact means to touch physically to communicate with.

Mac OS X v10.4
Mac OS X version 10.4 “Tiger” is major release Apple's Mac OS X.

Notre Dame de Paris
Notre Dame is a very old cathedral in Paris,ce.

Stand Up for Love
"Stand Up For Love" was single from Destiny's Child's greatest hits album, "1's".

Survivor (song)
"Survivor," Destiny's Child's signature song, is an R&B song written by singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Anthony Dent, Mathew Knowles for Destiny's Child's studio album "Survivor" .

23 Thalia
23 Thalia is a main belt asteroid.

24 Themis
24 Themis is Main belt asteroids.

Erich Honecker
Erich Honecker  was an East Communist politician who led Democratic Republic from 1971 until 1989.

25 Phocaea
25 Phocaea is a Main belt asteroid.

List national rulers
This page lists national rulers in world, i.e.

26 Proserpina
26 Proserpina is a Main belt asteroid.

Notre Dame
Notre Dame in French is give to a number religious buildings, Mary.

Contact lens
A contact lens is a type soft lens that you put directly into your eye inder to help you see better.

Chara (singer)
Chara  is a singer, songwriter, musician actress.

Notre-Dame de Reims
Notre Dame de Reims is a cathedral.

Bayeux Cathedral
Bayeux Cathedral is a cathedral.

Coelurosauria
Coelurosauria is defined as clade containing group allropod dinosaurs more closely than to carnosaurs.

Maniraptora
Maniraptora  is a clade coelurosaurian dinosaurs that many paleontologists believe birdsre derived from 150 so million years ago, in Jurassic period.

IEEE 802.1X
IEEE 802.1X is an IEEE standard for port-based Network Access Control; it is IEEE 802  group protocols.

Software Development Kit
A software development kit  is usually a set development tools that allows a software engineer to create applications for a certain software package, software framework, hardware platform, computer system, video game console, operating system, similar platform.

Tagged Image File Format
Tagged Image File Format  is a containerat for storing images, including photographs line art.

Ounce
The ounce  is a unit mass in a number different systems, including various systems mass that imperial United States customary systems.

Camino
Camino is a free, open sourceb browser, that was OS X operating system.

Pixels per inch
Pixels per inch  pixel density is a measurement resolution a computer display, display in inches total number pixels in horizontal vertical directions.

ARM
An arm is an upper limb body.

Safari
Safari is ab browser developed by Apple Inc.

Netscape Navigator
Netscape Navigator , is a closed sourceb browser.

List The Simpsons Treehouse Horror episodes
This is a list "Treehouse Horror" episodes created by animated television series "The Simpsons".

English literature
The term literature means literature written in language, that is also literature in by writers that did not come fromd.

Auguste Escoffier
Georges Auguste Escoffier  was a French chef, restaurateur writer who updated traditional French cooking methods madem more popular.

27 Euterpe
27 Euterpe is a Main belt asteroid.

28 Bellona
28 Bellona is a main belt asteroid.

29 Amphitrite
29 Amphitrite is S-type asteroids, probably in diameter after Eunomia Juno, although Iris Herculina are similar in size.

30ia
30ia is a Main belt asteroid.

31 Euphrosyne
31 Euphrosyne is main belt asteroids, found by James Ferguson on September 1, 1854.

32 Pomona
32 Pomona is a main belt asteroid.

Chemistry (band)
Chemistry is a band.

33 Polyhymnia
33 Polyhymnia is a main belt asteroid.

Misia (Japanese singer)
MISIA  is a singer who is popular in.

Pikaia
Pikaia gracilens is regarded as earliest known primitive chordate from Middle fossil found near Mount Pika in Burgess Shale Columbia.

Opabinia
"Opabinia" is a fossil animal found in fossil deposits.

34 Circe
34 Circe is a, very dark main belt asteroid.

Wiwaxia
"Wiwaxia corrugata" is an extinct species animal known only from fossils found in Canada's Burgess Shale deposits.

35 Leukothea
35 Leukothea is a, dark main belt asteroid.

36te
36te is a, dark main belt asteroid.

37 Fides
37 Fides is a main belt asteroid.

Cambrian
The epoch was eon Earth’s history, from coalesence planet, about 4500 Million years ago, to about 542 Mya, is.

Conjecture
A conjecture is an idea in mathematics that appears "likely" to be true but that has not been "proven" to be true.

Boeing 787
The Boeing 787  is an aircraft made by Boeing.

Akshobhya
Buddhaobhya is fivei buddhas.

Jambhala
Jambhala isalth-giving Avalokiteśvara Chenrezig, bodhisattva compassion.

Bodhi
Bodhi  Enlightenment refers to full awakening where all limitations have been removed from mind.

38 Leda
38 Leda is a, dark main belt asteroid.

39 Laetitia
39 Laetitia is a, bright main belt asteroid.

40 Harmonia
40 Harmonia is a main belt asteroid.

41 Daphne
41 Daphne is a Main belt asteroid.

Combinatorics
The objects to be arranged selected from can be uniform, different.

Enriqueados
Enriqueados  was a composer pianist.

Manuel de Falla
Manuel de Falla (born Cádiz, Spain, 23 November 1876; died Alta Gracia, Argentina, 14 November 1946 was a composer.

Joaquín Turina
Joaquín Turina  was a composer.

Edouard Lalo
Edouard Lalo  was a French composer.

Oakland Raiders
Thed Raiders are a professional football team in National Football League.

Wagenhausen
Wagenhausen is a municipality district Steckborn in canton Thurgau ind.

Wäldi
Wäldi is a municipality district Kreuzlingen in canton Thurgau ind.

Wängi
Wängi is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Warth-Weiningen
Warth-Weiningen is a municipality district Frauenfeld in canton Thurgau ind.

Wigoltingen
Wigoltingen is a municipality district Weinfelden in canton Thurgau ind.

Wilen
Wilen is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Wuppenau
Wuppenau is a municipality district Münchwilen in canton Thurgau ind.

Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf
Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf is a municipality district Bischofszell in canton Thurgau ind.

Auenstein,d
Auenstein is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Auw,d
Auw is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Daniel D. Tompkins
Daniel D.

Overijssel
Overijssel  is a provinceds.

Walker, Texas Ranger
Walker, Texas Ranger was a television show that raniginally from 1993 to 2001.

Chuck Norris Facts
The "facts" usually say that Chuck Norris is a very angry, all-powerful, superbeing.

Magglio Ordóñez
Magglio Jose "Maggs" Ordóñez (b.

Johana
Johana  is a Major League Baseball player.

Minnesota Twins
The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

42 Isis
42 Isis is a main belt asteroid.

Hard-Fi
Hard-Fi are a popular indie rock band from Staines an area London,d.

Chamber
A chamber is a space inside a structure; for example, a room inside a building hollow inside a shell.

Self
A self is an individual person, from his her own point view.

Goldbach's conjecture
Origins.

Compass (drafting)
A compass  is a drawing tool that can be circles arcs.

43 Ariadne
43 Ariadne is a fairly bright main belt asteroid.

44 Nysa
44 Nysa is a quite very bright main belt asteroid.

45 Eugenia
45 Eugenia is a Main belt asteroid.

Moomin
MOOMIN (b.

Shri Gurudevath
Shri Gurudevath  was a mystic, writer, poet, guru tantra who started spiritualganization known as "International Nath Order".

List divinities in mythology
This is a list divinities native to beliefs religious traditions.

46 Hestia
46 Hestia is a, dark Main belt asteroid.

47 Aglaja
47 Aglaja is a, dark main belt asteroid.

Lantana camara
Lantana camara shrub verbena flag is hairy shrub native from tropical America.

Tenzin Gyatso
His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso is fourteenth Dalai Lama.

48 Doris
48 Doris is main belt asteroids.

Lama
In language, lama means teacher.

49 Pales
49 Pales is a, dark Main belt asteroid.

Rinpoche
Rinpoche is a title in Buddhism which may be given to a religious teacher known as a lama.

Padmasambhava
Padmasambhava is person who brought Buddhism to Tibet in century.

Kitsune
(is word for fox.

Phonetics
Phonetics  is science sounds human speech.

Laws Form
"Laws Form" is a book by George Spencer-Brown published in 1969.

Marx Brothers
The Marx Brothersre a popular team sibling comedians who appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, movie, television.

M. C. Escher
Maurits Cornelis Escher , usually M.

Adit
An adit is a type entrance to a mine which is horizontal nearly horizontal.

A5M Claude
The A5M Claude was a fighter aircraft made byi.

Birmingham, Alabama
Birmingham is a city in state Alabama.

Independent Women Part I
"Independent Women " is an R&B song written by singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Sam Barnes, Jen-Claude Olivier, Cory Rooney for Destiny's Child's studio album, "Survivor" , only considered as a bonus track.

Huntsville, Alabama
Huntsville is a city in State Alabama.

Burlington, Vermont
Burlington is a city in state Vermont.

Loretta Spencer
Loretta Spencer is current mayor city Huntsville, Alabama.

Tuscaloosa, Alabama
Tuscaloosa is a city county seat Tuscaloosa County, Alabama.

Hoover, Alabama
Hoover is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama.

Dothan, Alabama
Dothan is a city county seat Houston County.

Kou Shibasaki
, born on August 5, 1981 inima, Tokyo, is a singer actress.

Decatur, Alabama
Decatur is a city county seat County, Alabama.

Auburn, Alabama
Auburn is a city in Lee County, Alabama.

Casper, Wyoming
Casper is an city in state Wyoming.

Wilmington, Delaware
Wilmington is city in state Delaware, United States, county seat New Castle County.

Niña
The Niña was ships Christopher Columbus world.

Pinta (ship)
The "Pinta" is ships Christopher Columbus world.

Santa Maria
The "Santa Maria" is ships Christopher Columbus world.

50 Virginia
50 Virginia is a, very dark Main belt asteroid.

51 Nemausa
51 Nemausa is a Main belt asteroid made up with similar stuff as 1 Ceres.

52 Europa
52 Europa is an asteroid.

Three Jewels
The Three Jewels, also called Three Treasures, Three Refuges, Triple Gem, are three things that Buddhists givemselves to, in return look toward for guidance, in process known as "taking refuge".

Dharma (Buddhism)
Dharma in Buddhism means teachings Buddha which lead to enlightenment.

Helvetic Republic
The Helvetic Republic was a state lasting for five years, from 1798 to 1803.

Helvetii
The Helvetiire a Celtic tribe main dwellers Swiss plateau in century BC.

Saas Fee
Saas-Fee is main village in Saastal Saas Valley is a municipality district Visp in canton Valais ind.

Evolène
Evolène is a municipality district Hérens in canton Valais ind.

Baden,d
Baden is a municipality district Swiss canton Aargau.

Baldingen,d
Baldingen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Beinwil (Freiamt)
Beinwil  is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Ratification
Ratification is confirmation a treaty.

Beinwil am See
Beinwil am See is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

News Hornets
News Hornets are a professional basketball team.

World Wrestling Entertainment roster
This is a list people employed by/or Wrestling Entertainment , including its developmental territory Floridaip Wrestling .

The Queen Vic
The Queen Vic  is a fictional pub in television show EastEnders.

Ian Beale
Ian Beale is a fictional character in "EastEnders".

Layla Other Assorted Love Songs
"Layla Other Assorted Love Songs" is a 1970 album by Derek Dominos.

National Rugby League
The National Rugby League  is a professional sports league in Australia.

Alison Krauss
Alison Krauss  is an bluegrass-country singer fiddle player.

Lyle Lovett
Lyle Pearce Lovett  is an singer-songwriter actor.

Dolly Parton
Dolly Rebecca Parton  is an, Grammy Award-winning country music singer/songwriter, composer, author, actress.

Vince Gill
Vincentt "Vince" Gill  is an country music singer-songwriter multi-instrumentalist.

1256
Europe.

Glen Phillips
Glen Phillips  is an songwriter, singer guitarist.

Jon Brion
Jon Brion  is an rock pop multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, composer record producer.

Bruce Molsky
Bruce Molsky (b.

Béla Fleck
Béla Fleck  is an banjo player.

Tift Merritt
Tift Merritt  is an singer songwriter.

Elliott Smith
Steven Paul "Elliott" Smith  was an singer-songwriter musician.

Sugar Hill Records
Sugar Hill Records is a folk music record label.

Toad
A Toad is a type amphibian.

53 Kalypso
53 Kalypso is a very dark main belt asteroid.

54dra
54dra is a very dark main belt asteroid.

List characters from EastEnders
This is a list characters currently in popular BBC soap opera "EastEnders", listed inder appearance.

Dotning
Dotning  is a fictional character in EastEnders.

Pats
Pats is a fictional character in EastEnders.

Middle way
The Middle Way Middle Path is a teaching about a way looking at things in Buddhism.

Steven Beale
Steven Beale is a fictional character in EastEnders.

The Three Bears
"The Three Bears" "Goldilocks Three Bears" is a children's story.

Bundesgerichtshof
Theof   is highest court for civil criminal law.

Category
A category is a group people things that are same in way.

55 Pandora
55 Pandora is a quite very bright Main belt asteroid.

56 Melete
56 Melete is a dark main belt asteroid.

57 Mnemosyne
57 Mnemosyne is a Main belt asteroid.

58 Concordia
58 Concordia is a quite Main belt asteroid.

59 Elpis
59 Elpis is a very main belt asteroid.

60 Echo
60 Echo is a quite Main belt asteroid.

Soundtrack
A Soundtrack is a lot different music which is generally used in a movie media presentation.

Entertainer
An Entertainer is a person people who are joy, relaxation happiness.

Benetice (Světlá nad Sázavou)
Benetice is a village near town Světlá nad Sázavou .

61 Danaë
61 Danaë is a quite, rocky Main belt asteroid.

Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer
Gustavo Adolfo Domínguez Bastida, better known as Bécquer,  was a post-romanticist writer poetry stories.

Tirso de Molina
Tirso de Molina  was a Baroque dramatist poet.

62 Erato
62 Erato is a dark, probably carbonaceous main belt asteroid.

HotJava
HotJava is ab browser from Sun Microsystems that can execute Java applets.

Mobile browser
A mobile browser  is ab browser made for use on a mobile device a mobile phone PDA.

WebCopier
WebCopier is anfline Web browser.

ABrowse
ABrowse is a freeb browser for Syllable operating system.

63 Ausonia
63 Ausonia is a main belt asteroid.

Shiira
Shiira  is a freeb browser based on Safari for Mac OS X operating system.

Ghostzilla
Ghostzilla is ab browser for Microsoft Windows based on Mozilla.

Swiftweasel
Swiftweasel is a free fully open source build Mozilla Firefox.

Charon (web browser)
Charon is ab browser foro operating system.

64 Angelina
64 Angelina is a medium-sized Main belt asteroid is an uncommon E-type asteroid.

Bern (district)
The District Bern is a district canton Bern,d.

65 Cybele
65 Cybele is asteroids in main belt.

Rose Byrne
Rose Judith Esther Byrne (b.

66 Maja
66 Maja is a dark, quite main belt asteroid.

Bellikon
Bellikon is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

67 Asia
67 Asia is a bright main belt asteroid.

Benzenschwil
Benzenschwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Bergdietikon
Bergdietikon is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

68 Leto
68 Leto is a main belt asteroid.

Egelsee (Aargau)
Egelsee is a lake at Bergdietikon, Aargau,d.

Berikon
Berikon is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

69 Hesperia
69 Hesperia is a, M-type main belt asteroid.

70 Panopaea
70 Panopaea is a main belt asteroid.

71 Niobe
71 Niobe is a quite main belt asteroid.

72 Feronia
72 Feronia is a quite dark main belt asteroid.

998
__NOTOC__ .

995
__NOTOC__ .

73 Klytia
73 Klytia is a main belt asteroid.

Comet West
Comet West was a spectacular comet, also for "great comet" status.

75 Eurydike
75 Eurydike is a main belt asteroid.

600
__NOTOC__ .

601
__NOTOC__ .

602
__NOTOC__ .

Neem Karoli Baba
Shri Neem Karoli Baba Shri Neeb Karori Baba  , also known to followers as Maharaj-ji, was a Hindu guru who loved Hindu deity.

Be Here Now
"Be Here Now" is title a 1971 book on spirituality by Ram Dass.

Yogi
A yogi  is a term for a male who practices variouss path Yoga, maintaining a steadfast mind, process transcending lower self.

76 Freia
76 Freia is a very main belt asteroid.

77 Frigga
77 Frigga is a, M-type, possibly metallic main belt asteroid.

78a
78a is a dark main belt asteroid.

79 Eurynome
79 Eurynome is a quite bright main belt asteroid made silicate rock.

80 Sappho
80 Sappho is a quite main belt asteroid.

81 Terpsichore
81 Terpsichore is a very dark main belt asteroid.

82 Alkmene
82 Alkmene is a Main belt asteroid.

83 Beatrix
83 Beatrix is a quite asteroidbiting in closer main asteroid belt.

84 Klio
84 Klio is a quite very dark Main belt asteroid.

85 Io
85 Io is a, dark Main belt asteroid C spectral class.

Coat Arms Iraqi
The coat arms Iraqi is an eagle holding a sun on its wings.

86 Semele
86 Semele is a very dark main belt asteroid.

87 Sylvia
87 Sylvia is main-belt asteroids.

Governmenty
Thementy has threes.

Java Embedding Plugin
Java Embedding Plugin  allows Java on Mac OS X with browsers that are not Safari.

Arena
Arena is ab browser made by W3C for testing support for HTML 3 Cascading Style Sheets.

Flock
Flock is ab browser based on Mozilla Firefox.

HTTrack
HTTrack is a free open sourcebsite copierfline browser by Xavier Roche, licensed under GNU General Public License.

88 Thisbe
88 Thisbe is main belt asteroids.

K-Meleon
K-Meleon is ab browser for Microsoft Windows.

Gentoo Linux
Gentoo Linux is a version Linux operating system.

Federico Fellini
Federico Fellini  was a famous movie-maker director.

John Milton
John Milton  was an poet, prose polemicist, civil servant for Commonwealth.

Wedge (mechanics)
Adge is a portable inclined plane, used either to separate two objects, portions objects, lift an object, hold an object in place, by application force to wide end, whichdge converts to force perpendicular to inclined surfaces.

Cabinety
The Bundesregierung istimes called Bundeskabinett Federal Cabinet is government Federal Republicy it consistscellor Federal Ministers.

Brave New World
"Brave New World" is a novel by Aldous Huxley.

Manuel Joséa
Manuel Joséa y Lorenzo , poet, was born at Madrid, Spain.

Fortran
Fortran is a programming language created in 1950s.

William Butler Yeats
William Butler Yeats  was an poet, dramatist mystic.

89 Julia
89 Julia is a main belt asteroid.

90 Antiope
90 Antiope is an asteroid found on October 1, 1866 by Robert Luther.

Hermetic Order Golden Dawn
The Hermetic Order Golden Dawn  was a magicalder founded in London in 1888 by Dr.

Sweet William
Sweet William an pink widely grown for its clusters bright-coloured flowers.

91 Aegina
91 Aegina is a main belt asteroid.

Mount Cheaha
Cheaha Mountain,ten called Mount Cheaha, is tallest point in State Alabama.

Pago Pago, Samoa
Pago Pago is a village in Samoa.

92 Undina
92 Undina is a main belt asteroid.

Fagatogo, Samoa
Fagatogo is seat government in Samoa, but not its capital city, which is Pago Pago.

93 Minerva
93 Minerva is a main belt asteroid.

Planform
In design planform plan view is a verticalthographic projection an object on a horizontal plane, a map.

Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virginds
Charlotte Amalie is capital United States Virginds.

Olinda Borggren
Olinda Borggren is a TV personality who was a contestant on reality show Joe Millionaire season version Paradise Hotel.

Plan view
A plan is anthographic projection a 3-dimensional object from position a horizontal plane through object.

Floor plan
A floor plan  in architecture building engineering is a diagram, usually to scale, relationships between rooms, spaces other physical features at level a structure.

Hagåtña, Guam
Hagåtña is capital city Guam.

Plans (drawings)
Plans are a set two-dimensional diagrams drawings a place object, to communicate building fabrication instructions.

Dededo, Guam
Dededo is city in Guam.

94 Aurora
94 Aurora is main belt asteroids.

95 Arethusa
95 Arethusa is a main belt asteroid.

Pg.lost
Pg.lost is a band from late 2000's.

Albertville, Alabama
Albertville is city inall County, Alabama.

96 Aegle
96 Aegle is a very main belt asteroid.

Besenbüren
Besenbüren is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Bettwil
Bettwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

97 Klotho
97 Klotho is a fairly main belt asteroid.

Biberstein
Biberstein is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

98 Ianthe
98 Ianthe is a main belt asteroid.

Arab, Alabama
Arab is a city inall County, Alabama.

99 Dike
99 Dike is a verye dark Main belt asteroid.

100 Hekate
100 Hekate is a Main belt asteroid.

Abbeville, Alabama
Abbeville is a city county seat Henry County, Alabama.

101 Helena
101 Helena is a fairly, rocky Main belt asteroid.

Birmenstorf, Aargau
Birmenstorf is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Birr,d
Birr is a municipality Swiss canton Aargau.

Birmensdorf, Zürich
Birmensdorf is a municipality district Dietikon in canton Zürich ind.

Lake Zürich
Lake Zürich is a lake ind, that goes southeast town Zürich.

Birrhard
Birrhard is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Birrwil
Birrwil is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Lake Hallwil
Lake Hallwil  is a lake in Canton Aargau,d.

Unterendingen
Unterendingen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Böbikon
Böbikon is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Boniswil
Boniswil is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Boswil
Boswil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Zuzgen
Zuzgen is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Bottenwil
Bottenwil is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Böttstein
Böttstein is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Bad Zurzach
Bad Zurzach is a municipality in district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

102 Miriam
102 Miriam is a quite, very dark main belt asteroid.

Bözen
Bözen is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Zufikon
Zufikon is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Geography Republic
The Republic  is a country in.

Arbedo-Castione
Arbedo-Castione is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Zofingen
Zofingen is a city in canton Aargau ind.

Arogno
Arogno is a municipality districto in canton Ticino.

Aarwangen
Aarwangen is a municipality districtgen in canton Bern ind.

Adelboden
Adelboden is a municipality district Frutigen in canton Bern ind.

Adelboden (disambiguation)
Adelboden is a municipality ind ind.

Aefligen
Aefligen is a municipality district Burgdorf in canton Bern ind.

Aegerten
Aegerten is a municipality district Nidau canton Bern ind.

Aeschi bei Spiez
Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality district Frutigen in canton Bern ind.

103 Hera
103 Hera is a main belt asteroid.

104 Klymene
104 Klymene is a, dark main belt asteroid.

105 Artemis
105 Artemis is a main belt asteroid.

106 Dione
106 Dione is a main belt asteroid.

107 Camilla
107 Camilla is main belt asteroids.

Aya Ueto
 is a actress, idol singer.

108 Hecuba
108 Hecuba is a fairly bright main belt asteroid.

Chitose Hajime
Chitose Hajime  is a singer from.

109 Felicitas
109 Felicitas is a dark fairly main belt asteroid.

110 Lydia
110 Lydia is a Main belt asteroid with an M-type spectrum, which may have nickel-iron.

111 Ate
111 Ate is a, dark asteroid made up carbonate.

Scrabble
Scrabble is a game that is played by 2, 3 4 people.

Flow (band)
FLOW is a music band.

Nuremberg Trials
Therere two sets Nuremberg Trials.

Orthographic projection
Orthographic projection is a means representing a three-dimensional  object in two dimensions .

Parallel projection
In linear algebra functional analysis, a projection is a linear transformation "P" from a vector space to itself such that "P"2 = "P".

Non-profitganization
A Non-profitganization  is anganization that is not any money that it makes to its owners as profit.

Expense
An expense, alsotimes called an expenditure, is when money is given in exchange for a service.

Deposit account
A Deposit Account is an account at a bank where money can be put in taken by whoever owns account.

Filippo Brunelleschi
Filippo Brunelleschi  was important architectsce.

Arno River
The Arno is a river iny region Italy.

Lake Como
Lake Como ,is a lake glacialigin in Lombardy, Italy.

Lake Maggiore
Lake Maggiore  issterly threee prealpine lakes Italy after Lake Garda.

112 Iphigenia
112 Iphigenia is a fairly very dark Main belt asteroid.

GIMP
The GNU Image Manipulation Program, GIMP "The GIMP", is a free software picture maker.

113 Amalthea
113 Amalthea is a fairly common rocky Main belt asteroidbiting in closer areas belt.

David Ben-Gurion
David Ben-Gurion, born David Grün on 16 October 1886, died 1 December 1973) was Prime Minister Israel.

Kotoko
KOTOKO is a musician.

Mariano José de Larra
Mariano José de Larra  was a romanticist writer perhaps prose writer-century Spain.

Luis de Molina
Luis de Molina  was a Jesuit writer.

Henrik Ibsen
Henrik Ibsen  was a major playwright.

Bead
A bead is a item with a hole in it for stringing.

Julius Streicher
He published "Der Stürmer" newspaper, became a Nazi propaganda machine.

114dra
114dra is a dark Main belt asteroid.

Bremgarten,d
Bremgarten is a municipality canton Aargau ind.

Zetzwil
Zetzwil is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Zeiningen
Zeiningen is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Zeihen
Zeihen is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Mihimaru GT
Mihimaru GT is a J-pop band started by Hiroko Akutsu Mitsuyuki Miyake.

115 Thyra
115 Thyra is a fairly bright closer Main belt asteroid.

116 Sirona
116 Sirona is awhat bright-colored main belt asteroid.

Brittnau
Brittnau is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Brugg
Brugg is a municipality Swiss canton Aargau.

Brunegg
Brunegg is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Buchs, Aargau
Buchs is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Bünzen,d
Bünzen is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Burg, Aargau
Burg is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Büttikon
Büttikon is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Buttwil
Buttwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Densbüren
Densbüren is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Dietwil
Dietwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

117 Lomia
117 Lomia is a rather Main belt asteroid.

Dintikon
Dintikon is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Sabaneta, Santiago Rodríguez
San Ignacio deeta is a city municipality in northwestern Republic.

Dottikon
Dottikon is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Döttingen,d
Döttingen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Dürrenäsch
Dürrenäsch is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Effingen
Effingen is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Eggenwil
Eggenwil is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Egliswil
Egliswil is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Eiken,d
Eiken is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Elfingen
Elfingen is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Sarnen
Sarnen is capital canton Obwalden ind.

Kerns
Kerns is a municipality canton Obwalden ind.

Sachseln
Sachseln is a municipality canton Obwalden ind.

Alpnach
Alpnach is a municipality canton Obwalden ind.

Giswil
Giswil is a municipality canton Obwalden ind.

Lungern
Lungern is a municipality canton Obwalden ind.

Engelberg
Engelberg is a municipality canton Obwalden ind.

118 Peitho
118 Peitho is a main belt asteroid.

119 Althaea
119 Althaea is a main belt asteroid.

120 Lachesis
120 Lachesis is a very very dark main belt asteroid.

121 Hermione
121 Hermione is a very asteroid dark C spectral type,biting in Cybele group in farther main belt.

122 Gerda
122 Gerda is a fairly farther main belt asteroid.

123 Brunhild
123 Brunhild is a fairly common stony S-type main belt asteroid.

124 Alkeste
124 Alkeste is a Main belt asteroid.

125 Liberatrix
125 Liberatrix is a Main belt asteroid.

126 Velleda
126 Velleda is a Main belt asteroid.

Endingen,d
Endingen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Ennetbaden
Ennetbaden is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Ray Toro
Raymond Manuel Toro-Ortiz, born on July 15, 1977 in Kearny, New Jersey, is lead guitarist two backup vocalists for My Chemicalce.

Belleville, New Jersey
Belleville is aip in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.

Kearny, New Jersey
Kearny  is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.

Frank Iero
Frank Anthony Iero  is youngest member band My Chemicalce.

Mikey Way
Michael James Way  is bass guitarist for band My Chemicalce is younger brother frontman Gerard Way.

Bob Bryar
Robertiel Cory "Bob" Bryar  is drummer for My Chemicalce.

ENIAC
ENIAC  was a computer built in 1943.

National Democratic Partyy
The National Democratic Party  is a right wing politicaly iny.

127na
127na is a Main belt asteroid.

128 Nemesis
128 Nemesis is a very very dark main belt asteroid made carbonate.

129 Antigone
129 Antigone is a main belt asteroid.

Austral thrush
Austral thrush  is a common bird from Atacama to Tierra del Fuego.

130 Elektra
130 Elektra is a very farther main belt asteroid.

Absinthe
Absinthe, also known as absinth, absynthe, absenta is a drink.

131 Vala
131 Vala is a closer Main belt asteroid.

132 Aethra
132 Aethra is a M-type main belt asteroid.

Ernst Reuter
Ernst Reuter was born on July 29 1889 in town Apenrade .

Würenlos
Würenlos is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Würenlingen
Würenlingen is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Wölflinswil
Wölflinswil is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Wohlenschwil
Wohlenschwil is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Wohlen, Aargau
Wohlen is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Wittnau,d
Wittnau is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Wislikofen
Wislikofen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Windisch
Windisch is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Wiliberg
Wiliberg is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Wettingen
Wettingen is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Wegenstetten
Wegenstetten is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Waltenschwil
Waltenschwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Wallbach,d
Wallbach is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Vordemwald
Vordemwald is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Villnachern
Villnachern is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Villmergen
Villmergen is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Villigen
Villigen is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Veltheim, Aargau
Veltheim is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Untersiggenthal
Untersiggenthal is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Unterlunkhofen
Unterlunkhofen is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Unterkulm
Unterkulm is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Unterentfelden
Unterentfelden is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Unterbözberg
Unterbözberg is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Umiken
Umiken is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Uezwil
Uezwil is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Uerkheim
Uerkheim is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Ueken
Ueken is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Turgi
Turgi is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Thalheim, Aargau
Thalheim is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Teufenthal
Teufenthal is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Tegerfelden
Tegerfelden is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Tägerig
Tägerig is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Suhr, Aargau
Suhr is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Strengelbach
Strengelbach is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Stilli
Stilli is a municipality canton Aargau,d.

Stetten, Aargau
Stetten is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Stein, Aargau
Stein is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Staufen,d
Staufen is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau in countryd.

Staffelbach
Staffelbach is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Sisseln
Sisseln is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Sins,d
Sins is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Wil, Aargau
Wil is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Widen
Widen is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Sulz, Aargau
Sulz is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Spreitenbach
Spreitenbach is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Zug (canton)
The Canton Zug is 26 cantonsd.

Lake Zug
The Lake Zug  is known Swiss lakes, onskirts Alps north Lakee.

Ardon,d
Ardon is a municipality district Conthey in canton Valais ind.

Chamoson
Chamoson is a municipality district Conthey in canton Valais ind.

Nendaz
Nendaz is a municipality district Conthey in canton Valais ind.

Vétroz
Vétroz is a municipality district Conthey in canton Valais ind.

Erlinsbach, Aargau
Erlinsbach is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Etzgen
Etzgen is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Fahrwangen
Fahrwangen is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Fischbach-Göslikon
Fischbach-Göslikon is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Fisibach
Fisibach is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Fislisbach
Fislisbach is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Freienwil
Freienwil is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Frick,d
Frick is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau in countryd.

Full-Reuenthal
Full-Reuenthal is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Gallenkirch
Gallenkirch is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Gansingen
Gansingen is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Gebenstorf
Gebenstorf is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Geltwil
Geltwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Gipf-Oberfrick
Gipf-Oberfrick is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Gontenschwil
Gontenschwil is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Gränichen
Gränichen is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Habsburg,d
Habsburg is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Hägglingen
Hägglingen is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Hallwil
Hallwil is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Hausen bei Brugg
Hausen bei Brugg is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Hellikon
Hellikon is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Hendschiken
Hendschiken is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Chadianphan children scandal
Thephan children scandal is about six French citizens from aid group L'Arche de Zoe who on October 26re about to fly 103 children toce from Chad.

133 Cyrene
133 Cyrene is a fairly very bright main belt asteroid.

134 Sophrosyne
134 Sophrosyne is a main belt asteroid.

135 Hertha
135 Hertha is a M-type main belt asteroid.

136 Austria
136 Austria is a Main belt asteroid.

137 Meliboea
137 Meliboea is a very dark main belt asteroid.

138 Tolosa
138 Tolosa is a brightly coloured, stony Main belt asteroid.

ALI PROJECT
ALI PROJECT is a musical group.

Benny
Benny, born Benjamin David,  was an jazz musician who played clarinet.

Masanori Akikawa
Masahumi Akikawa is a tenor singer.

Artie Shaw
Artie Shaw  is jazz musicians his time.

Edward R. Murrow
Edward R.

139 Juewa
139 Juewa is a very dark Main belt asteroid.

Good Night, Good Luck.
"Good Night, Good Luck." is an Academy Award-nominated 2005 movie directed by George Clooney.

140 Siwa
140 Siwa is a dark main belt asteroid.

141 Lumen
141 Lumen is a dark , rocky asteroid 130 km in diameterbiting in Main belt near Eunomia family asteroids.

142a
142a is a very dark Main belt asteroid.

143 Adria
143 Adria is a fairly main belt asteroid.

AnnaSophia Robb
AnnaSophia Robb (b.

Joseph Conrad
Joseph Conrad   was a writer, regarded as greatest-language novelists.

Modernist literature
Modernist literature is literaryism especially high modernism; it should not be confused with modern literature, which is history modern novel modern poetry as.

144 Vibilia
144 Vibilia is a dark, Main belt asteroid probably primitive in composition .

V. S. Naipaul
Sir Vidiadhar Surajprasad Naipaul, KB, TC  is a writer who was born in Trinidad Tobago lives inire.

Booker Prize
The Man Booker Prize for Fiction, also known in as Booker Prize, is a literary prize awarded each year foriginal full-length novel, written in language, by a citizen either Commonwealth Nations Republicd.

Dubliners
"Dubliners" is a collection 15 stories by James Joyce, an writer.

Ministry Interiory
The Ministry Interiory is a ministry federal government.It is based in a brand new building in Moabit area Berlin-Mitte.

145 Adeona
145 Adeona is a rather Main belt asteroid.

146 Lucina
146 Lucina is a main belt asteroid.

Hurricane Helene (2006)
Hurricane Helene was strongest hurricanes 2006tic hurricane season tied withe Gordon, was ninth tropical storm, hurricane major hurricane 2006tic hurricane season.

Alle,d
Alle is a municipality district Porrentruy canton Jura ind.

147 Protogeneia
147 Protogeneia is a main belt asteroid.

Electronic component
An electronic component is a basic electronic element.

Asuel
Asuel is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Beurnevésin
Beurnevésin is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Boncourt,d
Boncourt is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Bonfol
Bonfol is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Bressaucourt
Bressaucourt is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

South Uist
South Uist  is an island Outer Hebrides ind.

Western Isles
The Isles aretimesw calles "Outer Hebrides",  comprise an island chainfst coastd.

Space Shuttletis
Space Shuttletis is a US space shuttle run by NASA.

Hurricane Gordon (2006)
Hurricane Gordon was a strong Category 3 hurricane that crossed Azores as a Category 1 hurricane, making it hurricane to directly impact Azores since 1991.

Tropical Storm Debby (2006)
Tropical Storm Debby was tropical storm 2006tic hurricane season.

148 Gallia
148 Gallia is a main belt asteroid.

Fogo, Cape Verde
Fogo  is a volcanic island in Sotavento group Cape Verde.

Hurricane Isaac (2006)
Hurricane Isaac was final tropical cyclone 2006tic hurricane season.

Baroclinic
In fluid dynamics, baroclinity  is a measure stratification in a fluid.

Foreign Officey
The traditional ministry handlingy's foreign affairs is Foreign Office AA .

149 Medusa
149 Medusa is a bright-coloured, stony main belt asteroid.

Burin Peninsula
The Burin Peninsula is a peninsula located on south coast islandd in provinced Labrador.

Bonavista Peninsula
The Bonavista Peninsula is ae peninsula on east coast islandd in provinced Labrador.

Districtsd
Ind each Canton is free to decide its own internalganisation.

Cape Race
Cape Race is a point land located at southeastern tip Avalon Peninsula, on islandd, Canada.

Hurricane Florence (2006)
Hurricane Florence wastic hurricane to produce hurricane force winds on Bermuda sincee hit island in September 2003.

Travagliato
Travagliato is a city in north Italy.

2006 Nova Scotia Tropical Storm
The 2006 unnamed tropical storm was a-lived tropical cyclone that was classified during post-season analysis.

Nantucket, Massachusetts
Nantucket is an island 30 miles  south Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in United States.

Cape Hatteras
Cape Hatteras is a cape on coast North Carolina.

Tropical Storm Alberto (1988)
Tropical Storm Alberto became a tropical storm further north than any othertic tropical cyclone.

Tropical Storm Beryl (2006)
Tropical Storm Beryl was tropical storm 2006tic hurricane season.

1991 Halloween Nor'easter
The 1991 Halloween Nor’easter, also known as Perfect Storm, was anird nor’easter which was extratropical, absorbed hurricane, ultimately hurricane late in its life cycle.

Nor'easter
A nor'easter  is a macro-scale storm along East Coast United States.

150 Nuwa
150 Nuwa is a Main belt asteroid.

East Coast United States
The East Coast United States, is a United States.

Nags Head, North Carolina
Nags Head is a town in Dare County, North Carolina, United States.

151tia
151tia is a stony main belt asteroid.

Cape Lookout (North Carolina)
Cape Lookout is southern point South Core Banks, natural barrier islands ontic coast North Carolina, USA.

New Haven, Connecticut
New Haven is--largest municipality in Connecticut, after Bridgeport possibly Hartford, with a core population about 124,000.

Martha's Vineyard
Martha's Vineyard  is an islandf southern coast Cape Cod, bothing a Outer Lands region.

Woods Hole, Massachusetts
Woods Hole is a census-designated place village within town Falmouth in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, at extreme southwest corner Cape Cod, near Martha's Vineyard Elizabethds.

Carcinogen
Carcinogens are substances that cause cancer.

Port Jefferson, New York
The Incorporated Village Port Jefferson is located in town Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York on North Shore Longd.

Currituck Beach Lighthouse
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse in Corolla, North Carolina, on Outer Banks.

A-10 Thunderbolt II
The A-10 Thunderbolt II  is an attack aircraft made by Fairchild Aircraft.

Fired, New York
Fired is a barrier island, approximately 31 miles  long varying between approximately 0.1 mile  to 0.5 mile  wide, in Suffolk County on southern side Longd in U.S.

152 Atala
152 Atala is a very, dark main belt asteroid.

Plymouth, Massachusetts
Plymouth  is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States.

Buix
Buix is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Bure,d
Bure is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

153 Hilda
153 Hilda is a very asteroid in farther Main belt.

Charmoille,d
Charmoille is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Chevenez
Chevenez is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Coeuve
Coeuve is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Cornol
Cornol is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Courchavon
Courchavon is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Courgenay
Courgenay is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Xenogears
"Xenogears" is a 1999 roleplaying video game created by Squaresoft.

Metal Gear
"Metal Gear" is an action-adventure video game series made by Konami since 1987.

154 Bertha
154 Bertha is a very dark very farther Main belt asteroid.

Deus Ex
Deus Ex is a video game available on personal computer.

Ulysses (novel)
Ulysses is a novel by James Joyce.

Gunpei Yokoi
Gunpei Yokoi'",  was a video game designer for Nintendo.

155 Scylla
155 Scylla is a main belt asteroid.

156 Xanthippe
156 Xanthippe is a main belt asteroid.

157ira
157ira is a main belt asteroid.

158 Koronis
158 Koronis  is a Main belt asteroid.

159 Aemilia
159 Aemilia is a Main belt asteroid.

A Portrait Artist as a Young Man
"A Portrait Artist as a Young Man" is a novel written by writer James Joyce.

Finnegans Wake
Finnegans Wake is last book written by writer James Joyce.

Freerunning sleep
Freerunning sleep can be sleep which is not adjusted, "entrained", to 24-hour cycle in nature.

Frederico Mompou
Federico  Mompou  was a  composer.

Right triangle
A right triangle, , has angle that is 90 degrees.

List social democraticies
This is a listies in world that considermselves to be upholding principles values social democracy.

160 Una
160 Una is a fairly dark, primitive Main belt asteroid.

VIS Interactive
VIS Interactive is a video game company by WB Interactive.

161 Athor
161 Athor is an M-type Main belt asteroid.

162 Laurentia
162 Laurentia is a dark Main belt asteroid.

Stream consciousness writing
Stream consciousness is a term used in literary criticism for a literary technique that reports thought processes a person.

Courtedoux
Courtedoux is a municipality district Porrentruy Canton Jura,d.

Courtemaîche
Courtemaîche is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Damphreux
Damphreux is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Damvant
Damvant is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Fahy
Fahy is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Benazir Bhutto
Benazir Bhutto  was ai politician.

163 Erigone
163 Erigone is a dark-coloured, fairly Main belt asteroid.

Sitar
The sitar  is a plucked string instrument.

Oud
The oud is a pear-shaped, stringed instrument.

164 Eva
164 Eva is a very dark Main belt asteroid.

Pickup (music)
A pickup is a device that captures mechanical vibrations  convertsm to an electrical signal which can be amplified recorded.

Vihuela
Vihuela is a given to two different guitar-like string instruments: from century Spain, usually with 12 paired strings, other, vihuela, from century Mexico with five strings typically played in Mariachi bands.

Mischa Barton
Mischa Anne Marsden Barton  is an award-winning actress known for her role as Marissa Cooper in television series "The O.C.".

Range (music)
The range a musical instrument is distance from lowest to highest pitch it can play.

Antonio Torres Jurado
Antonio De Torres Jurado  was a guitarist guitar maker.

George Beauchamp
George D.

Danelectro
Danelectro is a manufacturer musical instruments accessories, specializing in guitars, bass guitars, amplifiers effects units.

Book Numbers
The book Numbers in Bible is book in Old Testament.

Allegra Versace
Allegra Versace  is daughter designer Donatella Versace ex-male fashion model Paul Beck.

Rickenbacker
Rickenbackerational Corporation, also known as Rickenbacker ), is an company that makes electric guitars.

Donatella Versace
Donatella Versace was born in 1955 is a famous designer current owner Versace fashion line, which she inherited from her brotherni Versace after he died.

Ministry Justicey
The Federal Ministry Justice is a ministry Federal Republicy.

165 Loreley
165 Loreley is a very Main belt asteroid.

Learning by teaching
In professional education, learning by teaching means a method that trains pupils students to prepare to teachons,sons.

166 Rhodope
166 Rhodope is a very dark main belt asteroid.

Jean-Pol Martin
Jean-Pol Martin  is a professor for foreign language teaching iny.

Tutor
In,, Newd, universities, a tutor isten but not always a postgraduate student a lecturer who conducts a seminar for undergraduate students.

Great Offices State
The Great Offices State are four important cabinet jobs in United Kingdom.

Foreign Secretary
The Foreign Secretary is Minister in charge United Kingdom's Foreign Commonwealth Office.

Hermetschwil-Staffeln
Hermetschwil-Staffeln is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

167 Urda
167 Urda is a Main belt asteroid.

Herznach
Herznach is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

168 Sibylla
168 Sibylla is a Main belt asteroid.

Hilfikon
Hilfikon is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Claudine Monteil
Claudine Monteil (b.

169 Zelia
169 Zelia is a bright, stony main belt asteroid.

Fontenais
Fontenais is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Fregiécourt
Fregiécourt is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Grandfontaine,d
Grandfontaine is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Hirschthal
Hirschthal is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Mortification
Mortification is a extreme metal band from Australia.

170 Maria
170 Maria is a Main belt asteroid.

Lugnez
Lugnez is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Holderbank, Aargau
Holderbank is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Miécourt
Miécourt is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Steve Rowe
Steve Rowe  is founder extreme metal band Mortification.

Montenol
Montenol is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Holziken
Holziken is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Montignez
Montignez is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Hornussen, Aargau
Hornussen is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Hottwil
Hottwil is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Montmelon
Montmelon is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Hunzenschwil
Hunzenschwil is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Extreme metal
Extreme metal is an umbrella term for a mixture heavy metal music subgenresed since 1980s.

Islisberg
Islisberg is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Ocourt
Ocourt is a municipality district Porrentruy canton Jura ind.

Ittenthal
Ittenthal is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

171 Ophelia
171 Ophelia is a main belt asteroid.

Jonen
Jonen is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Kaiseraugst
Kaiseraugst is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Kaiserstuhl,d
Kaiserstuhl is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Kaisten,d
Kaisten is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Kallern
Kallern is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Killwangen
Killwangen is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Limmat
The Limmat is a river ind that flows northwest until it joins into river Aare north town Brügg.

Kirchleerau
Kirchleerau is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Klingnau
Klingnau is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Koblenz,d
Koblenz  is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

172 Baucis
172 Baucis is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Religious debates over Harry Potter
There have been many religious debates over "Harry Potter" because witchcraft in it.

173 Ino
173 Ino is a main belt asteroid.

Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper is a soft drink  similar to Coca Cola.

Pleujouse
Pleujouse is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Porrentruy
Porrentruy  is a Swiss municipality seat district same found in canton Jura.

Réclère
Réclère is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Roche-d'Or
Roche-d'Or is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Rocourt
Rocourt is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Kölliken
Kölliken is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Künten
Künten is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Küttigen
Küttigen is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Saintne
Saintne  is a city a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura,d which has kept its medieval style.

Laufenburg,d
Laufenburg is a municipality Swiss canton Aargau.

174 Phaedra
174 Phaedra is a, rocky main belt asteroid.

Leibstadt
Leibstadt is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Leimbach, Aargau
Leimbach is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Leuggern
Leuggern is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Leutwil
Leutwil is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Lengnau, Aargau
Lengnau is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

175 Andromache
175 Andromache is a Main belt asteroid.

Linn,d
Linn is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Lupfig
Lupfig is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

176 Iduna
176 Iduna is a main belt asteroid.

480
__NOTOC__ .

177 Irma
177 Irma is a fairly dark Main belt asteroid.

178a
178a is a rocky Main belt asteroid.

Magden
Magden is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Mägenwil
Mägenwil is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Mandach
Mandach is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Meisterschwanden
Meisterschwanden is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Mellikon
Mellikon is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Mellingen
"For town in Thuringia, see Mellingen,y." Mellingen is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Altoids
Altoids are a brand breath mints candies that have been sold since 1800s.

179 Klytaemnestra
179 Klytaemnestra is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Menziken
Menziken is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Merenschwand
Merenschwand is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is a band.

180 Garumna
180 Garumna is a Main belt asteroid.

Monción
Monción is a city municipality Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Republic.

181 Eucharis
181 Eucharis is a, slowly rotating Main belt asteroid.

182 Elsa
182 Elsa is a Main belt asteroid.

183 Istria
183 Istria is a stony main belt asteroid.

184 Dejopeja
184 Dejopeja is a M-type Main belt asteroid.

185 Eunike
185 Eunike is a dark very Main belt asteroid.

Guayacanes
Guayacanes is a village in province Ciego de Ávila, Cuba.

American Cooperative School Tunis
The Cooperative School Tunis ACST is a comprehensive non-profit private high school located in Tunis, Tunisia.

Fucking Åmål
"Fucking Åmål" is a 1998 movie that was distributed in speaking countries as "Show Me Love".

Mateo Alemán
Mateo Alemán y de Enero  was a writer.

Rebecka Liljeberg
Rebecka Månstråle Liljeberg  is a actress.

Alexandra Dahlström
Alexandra Dahlström  is a actress.

186 Celuta
186 Celuta is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Search engine optimisation
Search engine optimisation is a set techniques to makebpages appear in search engines results pages  such as given by google.

Ministry Labour Social Affairsy
The Federal Ministry Work Social Affairs  is a ministry Federal Republicy.

187 Lamberta
187 Lamberta is a very dark main belt asteroid.

188 Menippe
188 Menippe is a main belt asteroid.

189 Phthia
189 Phthia is a bright-coloured, rocky main belt asteroid.

190 Ismene
190 Ismene is a very main belt asteroid.

Ministry Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women Youth
The Federal Ministry Family, Senior Citizens, Women Youth   is a ministry Federal Republicy.

191 Kolga
191 Kolga is a very dark Main belt asteroid.

Arkt
The Arkt  is described in Bible as a holy container where tablets stone with Tendments other holy Israelite pieces are contained.

Cubit
Cubit is for any many units measure used by various ancient peoples is among recorded units length.

Ministry for Economic Cooperation Developmenty
The Federal Ministry Economic Cooperation Development  is a ministry Federal Republicy.

192 Nausikaa
192 Nausikaa is a main belt asteroid.

Haskovo
Haskovo is a town in southeastern Bulgaria.

Athens, Alabama
Athens is a city in county seat Limestone County, Alabama.

Athens (disambiguation)
Athens is capital city Greece.

Less Developed Countries
Less Developed Countries "LDC"s are countries that are not as rich as industrialised countriesstern Europe North America.

Ell
The unit length ell is usually 45 inches, that means 1.143 m  It came from length arm from shoulder  to wrist, although exact length was never defined in law.

Unit length
A unit length is a way measuring length distance.

193 Ambrosia
193 Ambrosia is a main belt asteroid.

Mettau,d
Mettau is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Möhlin
Möhlin is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Mönthal
Mönthal is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Moosleerau
Moosleerau is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Möriken-Wildegg
Möriken-Wildegg is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Muhen
Muhen is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Gorgona, Italy
Gorgona is an island in Archipelago, a group islandsfst coast Italy.

Mühlau
"For town iny, see Mühlau,y." Mühlau is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Mülligen
Mülligen is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Tuscan Archipelago
The Archipelago is a chain islands between Sea Sea,sty, Italy.

Pianosa
Pianosa is a  island in Italy's Archipelago.

Capraia
Capraia, is an island Italy, Archipelago,f northwest coast, belonging to Province Livorno.

Montecristo
Monte Cristo is ad, approximately 4.3 kilometers across at its widest point, located about halfway between Corsica mainland Italy; south Elbast Giglio.It is Archipelago.

Giglio
Gigliod  is an island "commune" located in Sea,f coasty, Province Grosseto,and Archipelago Geography.

Giannutri
Giannutri is a island in Seaf coasty, Italy.

Orange, Ohio
Orange is a village Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

AH-64 Apache
The AH-64 Apache is an attack helicopter that flew in 1975 has been produced since 1984.

Aberdeen, Ohio
Aberdeen is a village Brown County, Ohio, United States, along Ohio River.

194 Prokne
194 Prokne is a very dark main belt asteroid.

Adamsville, Ohio
Adamsville is a village Muskingum County, Ohio, United States.

Adell, Wisconsin
Adell is a village County, Wisconsin, United States.

Albany, Wisconsin
Albany is a village in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.

Allouez, Wisconsin
Allouez is a village Brown County in state Wisconsin in United States.

Arcade Fire
Arcade Fire is an indie rock band from Montreal, Canada.

195 Eurykleia
195 Eurykleia is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Pavement (band)
Pavement is an indie rock band from California, United States.

Matador Records
Matador Records is an indie record label with many bands Modest Mouse, Pavement, Guided by Voices.

Modest Mouse
Modest Mouse is a famous indie rock band from Issaquah,ington.

196 Philomela
196 Philomela is a bright main belt asteroid.

Santa Mariad
The island Santa Maria  is an island located in southeastern Azores is southernmost island in Azoresds.

Harry Potter (character)
Harry James Potter is main character main protagonist J.

197 Arete
197 Arete is a Main belt asteroid.

Oregon-grape
Oregon-grape, "Berberis aquifolium" Mahonia aquifolium is a shrub whose classification is in dispute, generally considered as Mahonia.

Alma Center, Wisconsin
Alma Center is a village in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States.

Almena, Wisconsin
Almena is a village in Barron County in U.S.

Almond, Wisconsin
Almond is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.

Amherst, Wisconsin
Amherst is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.

Amherst Junction, Wisconsin
Amherst Junction is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.

198 Ampella
198 Ampella is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

199 Byblis
199 Byblis is a fairly main belt asteroid.

Alan Dix
Professor Dix Lancaster University is an author text books.

Ching Yun University
Ching Yun University "CYU"（traditional:清雲科技大學；simplified:清云科技大学）is a university in Jhongli City, County,.

Rosalia de Castro
Rosalía Castro de Murguía better known as Rosalía de Castro  was a writer poet.

Ministry Healthy
The Federal Ministry Health  is a Ministry Federal Republicy.

200 Dynamene
200 Dynamene is a very dark Main belt asteroid.

201 Penelope
201 Penelope is a Main belt asteroid.

Ministry for Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safetyy
The Federal Ministry for Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safetyy  is a ministry Federal Republicy.

Villa Los Almácigos
Villa Los Almácigos is a city municipality Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Republic.

Epic Records
Epic Records is an record label with several sub-companies around world.

202 Chryseïs
202 Chryseïs is a, lightly coloured Main belt asteroid.

Aniwa, Wisconsin
Aniwa is a village ino County, Wisconsin, United States.

Mumpf
Mumpf is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Murgenthal
Murgenthal is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Limerick
Limerick  is a city county seat County Limerick in province Munster, in midwest Republicd.

203 Pompeja
203 Pompeja is a quite Main belt asteroid.

Wexford
Wexford  is county town County Wexford in Republicd.

Drogheda
Drogheda )  is an industrial port town in County Louth on east coastd, 56 km  north Dublin.

Hallstadt
Hallstadt is a town in Upper district Bamberg.

Muri
Muri is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

204 Kallisto
204 Kallisto is a main belt asteroid.

County Kildare
County Kildare  is an county Dublin in province Leinster.

Straffan
Straffan  is a village in County Kildare,d situated on banks River Liffey, 25 km upstream capital Dublin.

2006 Ryder Cup
The Ryder Cup Matchesre held between September 22 September 24, 2006 at The K Club,, Co.

Dawlish
Dawlish  is a town on south coast Devon,d, 12 miles from County town Exeter, with a population around 13,000 people.

Newquay
Newquay  is a town, civil parish, seaside resort fishing port on northtic coastire, Cornwall, Great Britain.

Cairnryan
Cairnryan is a village overlooking Loch is notable today for itse modern ferry port, operated by P&O, which linksd with Larne ind.

Stranraer
Stranraer  is a town in southd inst region Dumfries Galloway in countyire.

Coleraine
Coleraine  is a verye town in County Londonderry,d near to mouth River Bann.

County Down
County Down'",  is nine counties that Ulster six counties thatd.

Rostrevor
Rostrevor  is a village in County Down,d.

205 Martha
205 Martha is a Main belt asteroid.

Tropical Storm Chris (2006)
Tropical Storm Chris was tropical storm 2006tic hurricane season.

206 Hersilia
206 Hersilia is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Saint Thomas, U.S. Virginds
Saint Thomas is an island in Sea, a county constituent district United States Virginds , an unincorporated territory United States.

207 Hedda
207 Hedda is a Main belt asteroid.

Saint John, United States Virginds
Saint John is an island in Sea a constituent district United States Virginds , an unincorporated territory United States.

Neuenhof, Aargau
Neuenhof is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Niederlenz
Niederlenz is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Niederrohrdorf
Niederrohrdorf is a municipality in district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Niederwil, Aargau
Niederwil is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Oberbözberg
Oberbözberg is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Oberentfelden
Oberentfelden is a municipality district Aarau canton Aargau ind.

Oberflachs
Oberflachs is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Oberhof,d
Oberhof is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Ministrycey
The Federal Ministryce   is a ministry Federal Republicy.

Oberhofen,d
Oberhofen is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Oberkulm
Oberkulm is a municipality district Kulm, in canton Aargau ind.

Oberlunkhofen
Oberlunkhofen is a municipality district Bremgarten, in canton Aargau ind.

Obermumpf
Obermumpf is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Oberrohrdorf
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

208 Lacrimosa
208 Lacrimosa is a Main belt asteroid.

209 Dido
209 Dido is a very main-belt asteroid.

Heat wave
A heat wave is a long period extremely hotather, which may be followed by high humidity.

Ray Nagin
Clarence Ray Nagin, Jr.

New Yorktilege
The New Yorktilege  is world's physical commodity futures exchange, located in New York City.

Saba
Saba  is islandds Antilles, located at.

Sint Eustatius
Sint Eustatius, also known as Statia, Saint Eustace, is islands which make upds Antilles; it is in northern, Leewardds portion West Indies, distance southeast Virginds.

Royalational
Royalational  is a cruise ship company based in Miami, Florida.

Raggedd
Raggedd is a island  district in southern Bahamas.

Inagua
Inagua is southernmost district Bahamas comprising islands Great Inagua Little Inagua.

Acklins Crookedds
Acklins Crookedds was a district Bahamas until 1996, as Acklins, Crookedd Long Cay until 1999.

Mayaguana
Mayaguana is easterly island district Bahamas.

210 Isabella
210 Isabella is a dark Main belt asteroid.

211 Isolda
211 Isolda is a very, dark Main belt asteroid.

212 Medea
212 Medea is a very Main belt asteroid.

213 Lilaea
213 Lilaea is a Main belt asteroid.

214 Aschera
214 Aschera is a Main belt asteroid.

215 Oenone
215 Oenone is a common Main belt asteroid.

Catabolism
Catabolism is a metabolism, is a process in which molecules turn into units release energy.

Acetic acid
Acetic acid ethanoic acid  is a carboxylic acid, which isten called vinegar.

Boris Becker
Borisz Becker  is a tennis player.

A-level
The A-Level  is a General Certificate Education set exams taken in United Kingdom.

Chinese New Year
The New Year (农历新年）is important holidays for ethnic people all around world.

Suite (music)
In music, a suite  is a collection musical pieces which can be played after another.

Suite
The word Suite  comes from (French word “suite” meaning “a sequence”, i.e.

Partner
Aner isone with whom a person shares an activity, i.e.

Michaelg
Michael Te-Peig  is an tennis player.

Catalão
Catalão is a city state Goiás.

216 Kleopatra
216 Kleopatra is a Main belt asteroid that was found byn Palisa on April 10, 1880 in Pola.

Ministry Defencey
The Federal Ministry Defence  is a Ministry Federal Republicy.

Angstrom
An angstrom ångström  is a non-SI unit length that is internationally recognized.

217 Eudora
217 Eudora is a Main belt asteroid.

218ca
218ca is a Main belt asteroid.

Oberrüti
Oberrüti is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Obersiggenthal
Obersiggenthal is a municipality district Baden, in canton Aargau ind.

Oberwil-Lieli
Oberwil-Lieli is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Oeschgen
Oeschgen is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Oftringen
Oftringen is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica
The Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica was a trilogy written by Isaac Newton published on July 5, 1687.

Prato
Prato is a city iny, Italy.

Olsberg,d
Olsberg is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Livorno
Livorno is a port city on Sea onstern coasty, Italy.

Arezzo
Arezzo is an old city in central Italy.

Police,d
Police is a town ind.

Nowe Warpno
Nowe Warpno is a town ind.

219 Thusnelda
219 Thusnelda is a common Main belt asteroid.

Thomas de Maizière
Thomas de Maizière  is Minister for Special Affairs in government.

Szczecin Lagoon
The Lagoon Oder River is an inland water basin found in southwestern Baltic Sea.

Othmarsingen
Othmarsingen is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Reinach, Aargau
Reinach is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Reitnau
Reitnau is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Lava dome
In volcanology, a lava dome plug dome is a round-shaped mound in crater a volcano that ised because a future eruption.

Rekingen
Rekingen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Remetschwil
Remetschwil is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Remigen
Remigen is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Gifford Pinchot National Forest
The Gifford Pinchot National Forest is a United States National Forest located inington, USA.

Rietheim,d
Rietheim is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Cascade Range
The Cascade Range is a mountain range that spreads from California, through Oregonington, ends in Columbia, Canada.

Riniken
Riniken is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

220ia
220ia is a Main belt asteroid.

Rohr, Aargau
Rohr is a municipality district Aarau in canton Aargau ind.

Rothrist
Rothrist is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Rottenschwil
Rottenschwil is a municipality district Muri in canton Aargau ind.

Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg
Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Rüfenach
Rüfenach is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Coachella Valley Music Arts Festival
Coachella Valley Music Arts Festival, known as just Coachella, is an annual three-day music festival held in Indio, California.

Rümikon
Rümikon is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Welwel
Welwel, is an oasis in Ethiopia, near Somalia.

Archers Loaf
Archers Loaf was an indie rock band from Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.

Arctic Cordillera
The Arctic Cordillera is a mountain range running along northeastern coast North America from tip Labrador.

Fort Banks
Fort Banks , is an old World War II fort that was entrance toy Bay.

221 Eos
221 Eos is a rather main belt asteroid.

222 Lucia
222 Lucia is a Main belt asteroid.

223 Rosa
223 Rosa is a Main belt asteroid.

224a
224a is a Main belt asteroid.

Rupperswil
Rupperswil is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Safenwil
Safenwil is a municipality district Zofingen in canton Aargau ind.

Sarmenstorf
Sarmenstorf is a municipality district Bremgarten in canton Aargau ind.

Schafisheim
Schafisheim is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Scherz
Scherz is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Schinznach-Bad
Schinznach-Bad is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Schinznach-Dorf
Schinznach-Dorf is a municipality district Brugg in canton Aargau ind.

Schlossrued
Schlossrued is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Schmiedrued
Schmiedrued is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Schneisingen
Schneisingen is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Schöftland
Schöftland is a municipality district Kulm in canton Aargau ind.

Schupfart
Schupfart is a municipality district Rheinfelden in canton Aargau ind.

Black-eyed
"blackeyed" "Rudbeckia" is at least four genera within flowering plant family Asteraceae whose members are commonly known as coneflowers.

225 Henrietta
225 Henrietta is a very farther Main belt asteroid.

226 Weringia
226 Weringia is a common Main belt asteroid.

Schwaderloch
Schwaderloch is a municipality district Laufenburg in canton Aargau ind.

Seengen
Seengen is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Seon,d
Seon is a municipality district Lenzburg in canton Aargau ind.

Siglistorf
Siglistorf is a municipality district Zurzach in canton Aargau ind.

Lenzburg
Lenzburg is a municipality in district Lenzburg in canton Aargau,d.

Aurora (aircraft)
The Aurora  is a possible surveillance aircraft.

The Oprah Winfrey Show
The Oprah Winfrey Show is an talk show which has Oprah Winfrey as host.

Rheinfelden,d
Rheinfelden is a municipality canton Aargau ind, seat district Rheinfelden.

227 Philosophia
227 Philosophia is a Main belt asteroid.

228 Agathe
228 Agathe is a Main belt asteroid.

229 Adelinda
229 Adelinda is a, dark farther Main belt asteroid.

230tis
230tis is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

231 Vindobona
231 Vindobona is a Main belt asteroid.

232 Russia
"This article is about asteroid.

233 Asterope
233 Asterope is a quite Main belt asteroid.

234 Barbara
234 Barbara is a common Main belt asteroid.

Klickitat
The Klickitat  are a Native tribe Pacific Northwest.

Arzo
Arzo is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Ascona
Ascona is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Astano
Astano is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Lugano (district)
Lugano is a district canton Ticino inSwitzerland.

Locarno (district)
Locarno is a district canton Ticino ind.

Vallemaggia (district)
Vallemaggia is a district canton Ticino ind.

Bellinzona (district)
Bellinzona is a district canton Ticino ind.

Riviera (district)
Riviera is a district canton Ticino ind.

Blenio (district)
Blenio is a district canton Ticino ind.

Leventina (district)
Leventina is a district canton Ticino ind.

Sapir-Whorf hypothesis
In linguistics, Sapir–Whorf hypothesis is idea that language people speak changes wayy think act.

Icosahedron
A Icosahedron is a Platonic solid that is made triangles has twenty sides.

Octahedron
An octahedron is a polyhedron with eight sides is made eight equilateral triangles, four which meet at each top.

Rounder Records
Rounder Records is an record label thated in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1970.

Columbia Records
Columbia Records is an record label thated in 1888.

Origin life
There are manyories on Origin life because can't define life is still because haven't made any life in laboratory.

Timeline 2006tic hurricane season
Below is a timeline 2006tic hurricane season, listing all stormations, strengthening,akening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, asll as dissipation.

Atlanticdard Time Zone
Theticdard Time Zone  is a geographic region that keeps time by subtracting four hours from Greenwich Time , resulting in GMT-4 .

Figueirense Futebol Clube
Figueirense Futebol Clube, also known as Figueirense, is a football team inópolis, Santa Catarina.

235 Carolina
235 Carolina is a Main belt asteroid.

C sharp
C#  is a computer programming language made by Microsoft, more precisely by Anders Hejlsberg, creator Delphi.

236 Honoria
236 Honoria is a Main belt asteroid.

Wilmington, North Carolina
Wilmington is a city in New Hanover County, North Carolina, United States.

Plantation Key
Plantation Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States.

Oakd, North Carolina
Oakd, North Carolina is a town locatedly on Oakd  in Brunswick County, North Carolina; a town extends onto mainland north island's bridge.

237 Coelestina
237 Coelestina is a common Main belt asteroid.

Avegno,d
Avegno is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Wakker Prize
The Wakker Prize  is given every year by Swiss Heritage Society to a municipalityd for making saving its historical buildings.

Ehrendingen
Ehrendingen is a municipality district Baden in canton Aargau ind.

Barbengo
Barbengo is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Bedano
Bedano is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Bedigliora
Bedigliora is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Hurricane
Hurricane was a Cape Verde-type hurricane that hit Bermuda in early September during 2003tic hurricane season.

Bedretto
Bedretto is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

High five
A high five is a gesture done with two people.

238 Hypatia
238 Hypatia is a very Main belt asteroid.

Revolver (album)
"Revolver" is a 1966 album by rock band The Beatles.

Besazio
Besazio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Rip current
A rip current is a strong surface flow water returning seaward from near shore .

Bidogno
Bidogno is a municipality districto, in canton Ticino ind.

Biasca
Biasca is capital district Riviera in canton Ticino ind.

Bioggio
Bioggio is a municipality districto, in canton Ticino ind.

St. David'sd, Bermuda
St.

239 Adrastea
239 Adrastea is a common main belt asteroid.

St. John'sational Airport
St.

Capitol Records
Capitol Records is a record label based in Hollywood, California.

Recording studio
A recording studio is a place music, other sound media.

Hamilton, Bermuda
Hamilton  is nine parishes Bermuda.

The Causeway, Bermuda
The Causeway is a narrow strip reclaimed land bridges in north Bermuda linking Hamilton on mainland in southwest Bermudaational Airport on St.

Southampton, Bermuda
Southampton is nine parishes Bermuda.

Joaquín Rodrigo
Joaquín Rodrigo  was a composer classical music a virtuoso pianist.

St. George's, Bermuda
St.

Cape Bretond
Cape Bretond  is an island ontic coast North America.

240 Vanadis
240 Vanadis is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Focke-Wulf Fw 190
The Fw 190 was a fighter aircraft made by Focke-Wulf during World War II.

Warriors (book series)
"Warriors" is a series fiction books written by Kate Cary Cherith Baldry, withir editor Victoria Holmes, under pen Erin Hunter.

241ia
241ia is a very Main belt asteroid.

Tsar Bomba
Tsar Bomba was, nuclearapon ever used.

242 Kriemhild
242 Kriemhild is a common Main belt asteroid.

243 Ida
243 Ida is a Main belt asteroid with pictures taken by "Galileo" spacecraft on August 28, 1993.

Bironico
Bironico is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Bissone
Bissone is a municipality canton Ticino ind.

Bodio
Bodio is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Bogno
Bogno is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Borgnone
Borgnone is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

244 Sita
244 Sita is an asteroid which is Flora family in Main Belt.

245 Vera
245 Vera is a Main belt asteroid.

Principality Khachen
The Principality Khachen  was a medieval principality, in historical Artsakh .

246 Asporina
246 Asporina is a Main belt asteroid.

Therapy
Therapy, in medical field also called treatment, is people do to try to solve care for a health problem, physical mental.

247 Eukrate
247 Eukrate is a rather Main belt asteroid.

248 Lameia
248 Lameia is a quite common Main belt asteroid.

249 Ilse
249 Ilse is a Main belt asteroid.

250 Bettina
250 Bettina is a Main belt asteroid.

251 Sophia
251 Sophia is a main belt asteroid.

252 Clementina
252 Clementina is a main belt asteroid.

253 Mathilde
253 Mathilde is a main belt asteroid that was found byn Palisa in 1885.

254 Augusta
254 Augusta is a common Main belt asteroid.

Yōkai
Yōkai are a type creatures appeared in old stories, such as oni , kappa, tengu.

Stamp album
A stamp album is a book,ten loose-leafed , in which a collection postage stamps may be stored displayed.

255 Oppavia
255 Oppavia is a Main belt asteroid.

Stamp collector
A stamp collector  collects postage stamps as a hobby.

Pansexuality
Pansexual, also known as 'omnisexual' is a word that means any person who is sexually, females, people that are not male "or" female.

Adverse effect (medicine)
In medicine, an adverse effect is a undesired effect that results from arapy medication, chemotherapy, surgery other intervention.

256 Walpurga
256 Walpurga is a Main belt asteroid.

257 Silesia
257 Silesia is a Main belt asteroid.

258 Tyche
258 Tyche is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

259 Aletheia
259 Aletheia is a very Main belt asteroid.

Autosexuality
Sometimes Autosexuality means masturbation.

Technosexuality
Sometimes "technosexual" is used as an insult, implying thatone would prefer a sex toy to an actual sexualner.

Antisexuality
Antisexuality is when a person thinks sex is always bad.

Nedders
Nedward "Ned"ders is a character in animated television series "The Simpsons".

260 Huberta
260 Huberta is a asteroidbiting near farther edge Main belt.

Mike Scully
Mike Scully  is an Emmy Award-winning television writer known for his work as show runner Fox series "The Simpsons" from 1997 - 2001 .

George Meyer
George Meyer is an producer screenwriter for television series "The Simpsons".

Christian right
The right is a spectrum right-wing political social movementsganizations characterized byir strong support conservative social political values.

261 Prymno
261 Prymno is awhat Main belt asteroid.

Short subject
Short subject is aat descriptioniginally coined in North film industry in early period cinema.

Tress MacNeille
Tress MacNeille  is an voice actress known for providing various voices on animated television series "The Simpsons", "Futurama", "Animaniacs".

Karl Wiedergott
Karl Wiedergott has regularly played various voice roles in television program "The Simpsons", beginning in 1998.

Bill Oakley
Bill Oakley  is an television writer, known for his work on "The Simpsons".

David X. Cohen
David X.

262 Valda
262 Valda is a Main belt asteroid.

263 Dresda
263 Dresda is a common Main belt asteroid.

Canterbury Cathedral
Canterbury Cathedral is oldest famous buildings ind.

264 Libussa
264 Libussa is a Main belt asteroid.

265 Anna
265 Anna is a common Main belt asteroid.

Bosco Gurin
Bosco Gurin is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Brione (Verzasca)
Brione is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Brione sopra Minusio
Brione sopra Minusio is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Brissago
Brissago is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Brusino Arsizio
Brusino Arsizio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

266 Aline
266 Aline is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Bruzella
Bruzella is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

267 Tirza
267 Tirza is a fairly, very dark Main belt asteroid.

268 Adorea
268 Adorea is a very Main belt asteroid.

269 Justitia
269 Justitia is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

Second-in-command
The Second-ind  is commander, person that is in charge after commander, any Army Royal Marines unit/group.

Cademario
Cademario is a municipality districto in Swiss canton Ticino.

Cadempino
Cadempino is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Cadenazzo
Cadenazzo is a municipality district Bellinzona, in canton Ticino ind.

Cadro
Cadro is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Calpiogna
Calpiogna is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Camignolo
Camignolo is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Camorino
Camorino is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Campello,d
Campello is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Vicente Blasco Ibañez
Vicente Blasco Ibáñez  was a realist novelist writing in, a screenwriter occasional film director.

Pistoia
Pistoia is a city iny region Italy.

270 Anahita
270 Anahita is a stony S-type Main belt asteroid.

271 Penthesilea
271 Penthesilea is a Main belt asteroid.

Seleute
Seleute is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Vendlincourt
Vendlincourt is a municipality district Porrentruy in canton Jura ind.

Bassecourt
Bassecourt is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Boécourt
Boécourt is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Bourrignon
Bourrignon is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Châtillon, Jura
Châtillon is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Trans fat
"Trans fat" is an artificial food.

Cluny
Cluny is a city in easternce.

Integumentary system
The integumentary system is everything coveringside our bodies.

Auditory system
The auditory system is sensory system for sense for hearing.

Northbridge
The northbridge is two basic chips on motherboard a computer.

Mitlödi
Mitlödi is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Mollis
Mollis is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Mühlehorn
Mühlehorn is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Näfels
Näfels is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Netstal
Netstal is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Niederurnen
Niederurnen is a municipality canton Glarus in countryd.

Oberurnen
Oberurnen is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Obstalden
Obstalden is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Riedern
Riedern is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

272 Antonia
272 Antonia is a common Main belt asteroid.

Rüti, Glarus
Rüti is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Schwanden, Glarus
Schwanden is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Garichtisee
Garichtisee is a lake on Mettmenalp aboveden in Canton Glarus,d.

Appenzell Ausserrhoden
Appenzell Ausserrhoden is a cantond.

Appenzell (district)
Appenzell is a district canton Appenzell Innerrhoden ind.

Corban,d
Corban is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Courchapoix
Courchapoix is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Courfaivre
Courfaivre is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Electric eel
The electric eel, "Electrophorus electricus", is a species fish.

Gymnotiformes
The Gymnotiformes is a lineage electric fishes.

Electric fish
An Electric fish is a fish that can make electric fields.

Sergeant
Sergeant is a rank used in militaries, policeforces, other uniformedganizations around world.

273 Atropos
273 Atropos is a common Main belt asteroid.

Gourgen
Gourgen  was an author engineer who killed two consularficials in California in 1973.

274 Philagoria
274 Philagoria is a common Main belt asteroid.

Campo (Blenio)
Campo Blenio was a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Campo (Vallemaggia)
Campo is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Schwändi
Schwändi is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

Sool,d
Sool is a municipality canton Glarus ind.

275 Sapientia
275 Sapientia is a very Main belt asteroid.

276 Adelheid
276 Adelheid is a very Main belt asteroid.

277 Elvira
277 Elvira is a common Main belt asteroid a member Koronis asteroid family.

278 Paulina
278 Paulina is a common Main belt asteroid.

DDR2 SDRAM
In information technologies use term DDR2 SDRAM for a Double Data Rate memory module generation.

Southbridge (computing)
Southbridge is also known as Input/Output Controller Hub.

Organic light-emitting diode
Organic light-emitting diode  is a type light-emitting diode .

Karl Arnold
Karl Arnold (* 21.

Courrendlin
Courrendlin is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Courroux
Courroux is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

279 Thule
279 Thule is a very Main belt asteroid.

Caucus
A caucus is basically a meeting supporters members a politicaly movement.

Joe Biden
Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr.

Courtételle
Courtételle is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Delémont
Delémont  is capital Swiss canton Jura.

Mr. Men
"Mr.

280 Philia
280 Philia is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

281 Lucretia
281 Lucretia is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Mélodie
Mélodie is French word for “melody”.

Stage6
Stage6 is a video sharingbsite.

Video sharing
Video sharing is when person shares a video clip with another many other people.

282 Clorinde
282 Clorinde is a common Main belt asteroid.

Angus Young
Angus McKinnon Young  is a-born guitarist songwriter.

Calvin Harris
Calvin Harris , is a singer, songwriter record producer.

Nashville Sounds
Theville Sounds are a minor league baseball team fromville, Tennessee.

SuperDisk
LS-120 SuperDisk is a high-speed, high-capacity alternative to 90 mm , 1.44 MB floppy disk.

Ls-120
SuperDisk 120MB Diskettes may still be available in marketplace, however are no longer warranted.

Good Hair Day
Good Hair Day  is an hair styling company.

283 Emma
283 Emma is a main belt asteroid.

284 Amalia
284 Amalia is a Main belt asteroid.

285 Regina
285 Regina is a common, although fairly Main belt asteroid.

286 Iclea
286 Iclea is a Main belt asteroid.

287 Nephthys
287 Nephthys is a Main belt asteroid.

Wells Gray-Clearwateric Field
The Wells Gray-Clearwateric Field is a volcanic field in east-central Columbia, Canada.

Blake River Megacaldera Complex
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex is a giant caldera cluster that spans across Ontario-Quebec border in Canada.

2014
2014 is a year in century.

288 Glauke
288 Glauke is an asteroid found by Robert Luther in 1890.

289 Nenetta
289 Nenetta is a common Main belt asteroid.

Mike Reiss
Mike Reiss  is an television comedy writer.

Al
Al  is a television comedy writer known for his work on "The Simpsons".

Sam Simon
Sam Simon (born c.

290 Bruna
290 Bruna is a Main belt asteroid.

William H. Macy
William Hall Macy, Jr.

Rowan Williams
Rowan Douglas Williams, DD, PC, FBA  is currentop Canterbury, metropolitan province Canterbury, Primate Alld, senior archbishop Churchd symbolic head worldwide Communion.

291 Alice
291 Alice is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

292 Ludovica
292 Ludovica is a Main belt asteroid.

293 Brasilia
293 Brasilia is a Main belt asteroid.

Common Fig
The Common fig is an fruit; technically it is a syconium.

Kate
Kate Marie  is an singer songwriter from Dublin.

Single person
In, male singles called "bachelors", female singles called "spinsters" .

Catfish
Catfish are a group bony fish.

Adam's apple
The Adam's apple is clinically known as laryngeal prominence is a feature human neck.

Adam's apple (disambiguation)
An adam's apple is a protrusion in front throat.

294 Felicia
294 Felicia is a Main belt asteroid.

Forbidden fruit
The words Forbidden fruit stand as a metaphor .

Real Sociedad
The Real Sociedad de Fútbol SAD is a football team.

Richard Mentor Johnson
Richard Mentor Johnson  was ninth Vice President United States, serving with President Martin Van Buren.

295 Theresia
295 Theresia is a common Main belt asteroid.

Allemande
An allemande , is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in early centuries.

Illegal drug trade
The illegal drug trade drug trafficking is a global black market consists cultivation, manufacture, distribution sale illegal drugs.

Mortadella di Bologna
Mortadella di Bologna is an sausage.

Courante
A courante , is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in early centuries.

Sarabande
A sarabande , is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in early centuries.

Gigue
The gigue giga is a lively baroque dance.

Canobbio
Canobbio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind It is not to be confused with Ca"nn"o"b"io in nearby Italy.

Capriasca
Capriasca is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Carabbia
Carabbia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Carabietta
Carabietta is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Capolago
Capolago is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Carona,d
Carona is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Caslano
Caslano is a municipality districto in Swiss cantons Ticino.

296 Phaëtusa
296 Phaëtusa is a Main belt asteroid.

Altentreptow
Altentreptow  is a town in Demmin Rural District, in Mecklenburgia,y.

Cavagnago
Cavagnago is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Caviano
Caviano is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Cavigliano
Cavigliano is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Cerentino
Cerentino is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Certara
Certara is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Cevio
Cevio is capital district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Bignasco
Bignasco is a village in district Vallemaggia, in canton Ticino,d.

Cavergno
Cavergno is a village in district Vallemaggia, in canton Ticino,d.

Lucca
Lucca is a city in regiony.

Massa
Massa is a town "comune" iny, Italy, in centre province Massa-Carrara.Located in northerny region.

Carrara
Carrara is a city in province Massa-Carrara , famous for white blue-gray marble,and for be a city "symbol" international anarchism History.

297 Caecilia
297 Caecilia is a common Main belt asteroid.

298 Baptistina
298 Baptistina is a common Main belt asteroid.

VLC media player
VLC media player is a free software media player by VideoLAN project,also called "VLC", "VideoLAN Client".

Guitar Hero (video game)
"Guitar Hero" is a music video game, released on November 8, 2005 for PlayStation 2.

Guitar Hero II
"Guitar Hero II" is a music video game, 2 on November 7, 2006 Xbox 360 on April 3, 2007.

PeaZip
PeaZip is an open source, cross-platform, portable file archiver for Microsoft Windows Linux.

Volcanic Explosivity Index
In volcanology,ic Explosivity Index is way to measure strength a volcanic eruption.

299 Thora
299 Thora is a common Main belt asteroid.

Lockheed U-2
"For band, see U2 ." The U-2  is an espionage fixed-wing aircraft made by Lockheed .

300 Geraldina
300 Geraldina is a Main belt asteroid.

Russelld
Russell Edwardd  is an comedian, actor, Newspaper columnist.

Chief Justice United States
The Chief Justice United States is senior judge Supreme Court United States.

301 Bavaria
301 Bavaria is a Main belt asteroid.

Proactinium
Protactinium is a chemical element with symbol Pa atomic number 91.

302 Clarissa
302 Clarissa is a common Main belt asteroid.

Sturmabteilung
The  was a paramilitary group for Nazi Party.

303 Josephina
303 Josephina is a Main belt asteroid.

304 Olga
304 Olga is a Main belt asteroid.

305 Gordonia
305 Gordonia is a fairly common, although Main belt asteroid.

306 Unitas
306 Unitas is a common Main belt asteroid.

Green card
Green Cardent Resident Card is card that shows thatone who is not a United States citizen is a permanent resident United States.

307 Nike
307 Nike is a Main belt asteroid.

Council Chalcedon
The Council Chalcedon was an ecumenical council that took place from October 8 to November 1, 451, at Chalcedon .

Chalcedon
Chalcedon  was an ancient maritime town Bithynia, in Asia Minor, almost directly oppositetium, south Scutari .

Bithynia
Bithynia was an old kingdom a province in northwest Asia Minor.

Kadıköy
Kadıköy is ae district on side İstanbul, Turkey.

Bosporus
The Bosporus Bosphorus is a strait thats boundary between Turkey its .

Strait
A strait is a narrow, navigable channel water that connects two navigable bodies water.

Channel
In a "general sense" channel means connection.

Strait Dover
The Strait Dover Dover Strait is strait at narrowestnel.

SA
SA is an abbreviation.

Jemella Group
The Jemella Group is anganisation.

The Pigeon Detectives
The Pigeon Detectives are an band whoiginated from Rothwell in Leeds,yed in 2002.

Hirschaid
Hirschaid is municipality in district Bamberg.

Julian Marías
Julián Marías Aguilera , was a philosopher.

Deuteronomy
Deuteronomy is a book in Bible.

Viareggio
Viareggio is a city in northerny in Italy on coast Sea.

308 Polyxo
308 Polyxo is a very Main belt asteroid.

Static RAM
The Static Random Access Memory  is a high speed memory.

Damnation
In belief, damnation to hell is punishment God for persons whore sinners.

Chester Bennington
Chester Charles Bennington  is Linkin Park's vocalist.

Himno Nacional
Himno Nacional  is national anthem Republic.

PetSmart
Pet Smart Inc.

Chironico
Chironico is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Cimadera
Cimadera is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Claro, Ticino
Claro is a municipality district Riviera in canton Ticino ind.

SCSI
SCSI is a set standards for physically connecting transferring data between computers peripheral devices, such as a CD DVD drive.

Electric Gardens
Electric Gardens Festival,times called Electric Gardens, 'EGFestival', 'EGFest', 'EG', is a medium sized music festival at Mount Ephraim,am in Kent.

309itas
309itas is a common Main belt asteroid.

310 Margarita
310 Margarita is a common Main belt asteroid.

311 Claudia
311 Claudia is a common Main belt asteroid.

312 Pierretta
312 Pierretta is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

313 Chaldaea
313 Chaldaea is a Main belt asteroid.

314 Rosalia
314 Rosalia is a Main belt asteroid.

315tia
315tia is a asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Near East
The Near East is a term East by archaeologists, geographers historians.

Collina d'Oro
Collina d'Oro  is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Far East
The term Far East means countries East Asia.

Montagnola
Montagnola is a Swiss village in Collina d'Oro municipality.

Comano,d
Comano is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

316 Goberta
316 Goberta is a common Main belt asteroid.

Contone
Contone is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Corippo
Corippo is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Corticiasca
Corticiasca is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Cresciano
Cresciano is a municipality district Riviera in canton Ticino ind.

Croglio
Croglio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Cugnasco
Cugnasco is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Cureglia
Cureglia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Curio,d
Curio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

317e
317e is a common Main belt asteroid.

318 Magdalena
318 Magdalena is a Main belt asteroid.

Dobryanka
Dobryanka  is a town in Perm Krai, Russia.

319 Leona
319 Leona is a Main belt asteroid.

320 Katharina
320 Katharina is a Main belt asteroid.

321 Florentina
321 Florentina is a common Main belt asteroid.

Grosseto
Grosseto is a town in central regiony.

322 Phaeo
322 Phaeo is a Main belt asteroid.

Ministrysport, Building Affairsy
The Federal Ministrysport, Building Development  is a ministry Federal Republicy.

Philosophy science
Philosophy science is philosophy that studies sciences.

Volterra
Volterra is a city iny region Italy.

Floppy drive versus Zip drive
Floppy drives  Zip drives  are hardward types diskettes Diskettes are magnetic mediums which are sending electronically data.

Dynamic random access memory
Dynamic random access memory is used RAM.

Touchpad
 Touchpad .

Fingerprint scanner
Fingerprint scanners are security systems biometrics.

323 Brucia
323 Brucia was asteroid to be found by use pictures.

324 Bamberga
324 Bamberga is asteroid in Main asteroid belt.

Dalpe
Dalpe is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Faido
Faido is capital district Leventina in-speaking canton Ticino in southernd.

Frasco
Frasco is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Gerra (Gambarogno)
Gerra  is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Gerra (Verzasca)
Gerra  is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Ghirone
Ghirone was a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Giornico
Giornico is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Giubiasco
Giubiasco is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Gnosca
Gnosca is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Gordevio
Gordevio is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Gordola
Gordola is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Giaches de Wert
Giaches de Wert   was a composer who lived worked in Italy.

Sano
Sano is a hill town in province Siena,y, Italy.

Ministry Food, Agriculture Consumer Protectiony
The Federal Ministry Food, Agriculture Consumer Protection  is a ministry Federal Republicy.

Gorduno
Gorduno is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Grancia
Grancia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Gravesano
Gravesano is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

A.C.F. Fiorentina
ACF Fiorentina "",often called just friendly Fiorentina, is an professional football club from Florence,y.Founded in 1926.

Gresso
Gresso is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Gudo
Gudo is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Indemini
Indemini is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Intragna,d
Intragna is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Iragna
Iragna is a municipality district Riviera in canton Ticino ind.

Iseo,d
Iseo is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Isone
Isone is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Isorno
Isorno is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Lamone
Lamone is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Lavertezzo
Lavertezzo is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Lavizzara
Lavizzara is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Ligornetto
Ligornetto is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Linescio
Linescio is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

325 Heidelberga
325 Heidelberga is a Main belt asteroid.

326 Tamara
326 Tamara is a Main belt asteroid.

327 Columbia
327 Columbia is a common Main belt asteroid.

328 Gudrun
328 Gudrun is a very Main belt asteroid.

329 Svea
329 Svea is a Main belt asteroid.

330 Adalberta
330 Adalberta is a Main belt asteroid.

331 Etheridgea
331 Etheridgea is a Main belt asteroid.

332 Siri
332 Siri is a common Main belt asteroid.

Ministry Economics Technologyy
The Federal Ministry Economics Technology  is a Federal Ministry Federal Republicy.

Ministry Education Researchy
The Federal Ministry Education Research   is a Federal Ministry Federal Republicy.

Locarno
Locarno is capital Locarno district in Swiss canton Ticino.

Lodrino,d
Lodrino is a municipality district Riviera in canton Ticino ind.

Losone
Losone is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

333 Badenia
333 Badenia is a asteroid made carbonates in farther Main belt.

New Musical Express
The "New Musical Express"  is an Indie pop music magazine in United Kingdom it has has been published everyek since March 1952.

Pedernales Province
Pedernales is a province; it is located in southwestern country, on border with Haiti.

334 Chicago
334 Chicago is a very Main belt asteroid.

335 Roberta
335 Roberta is a Main belt asteroid.

Wolfenstein 3D
"Wolfenstein 3D" is a 1992 person shooter computer video game.

336 Lacadiera
336 Lacadiera is a Main belt asteroid.

Deceiver
"Deceiver" is album by musician Chris Thile, which was released in 2004.

337 Devosa
337 Devosa is a Main belt asteroid.

338 Budrosa
338 Budrosa is a Main belt asteroid.

339 Dorothea
339 Dorothea is a common Main belt asteroid.

My Trach Massacre
My Trach Massacre was murder many people in My Trach Village, My Thuy Commune, Le Thuy District,g Binh Province, Vietnam.

Anti-submarine boom net (Sydney Harbour WWII)
The Anti-submarine boom net was enemy submarines entering Sydney Harbour during World War II.

Eurotrash (term)
Eurotrash is an slang term to describe stereotypicals.

List main local rulers
This page lists main local rulers: rulers dependencies main administrative divisions  .

Adele
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  is an soul jazz singer.

Hair straightening
Hair straightening is where a person makesir hair more straight.

Hair iron
History.

Intel Core
Intel Core is a family 32-bit processors with dual-core, projected produced by Intely.

Geographer
A geographer is a scientist whose area study is geography.

Chakra
A chakra is an energy centre in human body as taught in yoga related cultures.

Scalp
The scalp is anatomical area between face neck.

Maltese people
The people,, are a nation ethnic group native to Malta, an island country made a group seven islands in Sea.

Perm (hairstyle)
A permanent wave, commonly called a perm, is chemical treatment hair to produce curls.

Audiophile
An audiophile is a person who cares about how music sounds on a stereo other high fidelity sound system.

Barbelo
Barbelo is a goddess in Gnosticsm.

Perm
Perm  is a city administrative center "Perm Krai", Russia.

Bodhicitta
In Buddhist thought, bodhicitta is motivation a bodhisattva.

Dakini
In Hinduism Buddhism, a dakini is a female being a goddess.

Dattatreya
Dattatreya is considered by Hindus  to be God who is an incarnation Divine Trinity Brahma,nu Siva.

Gnosticism
Gnosticism comes from which means knowledge.

Grigori Rasputin
Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin , also known as 'Mad Monk', was not a monk, but a religious pilgrim.

Grimoire
Grimoire is an old for a book magic.

Nvidia
The NVIDIA Corporation is a multinational company , specialized in production graphics processors technologies for computers mobile devices .

Hermeticism
Hermeticism is study practice occult philosophy magic.

Illuminati
The Illuminati Order Illuminati was a-lived secret group based in Ingolstadt,y.

Simputer
The Simputer is a, cheap device, similar to personal digital assistant .

Stonewall UK
Stonewall UK is a gay rightsganisation in United Kingdom which wasd after Stonewall riots.

Jamesch Cabell
Jamesch Cabell  was an author fantasy fiction.

Gela
Gela is a city in region Sicily.

Kama Sutra
"Kamasutra" , also known in countries as "Kama Sutra", is an ancient book on love.

Lu Sheng-yen
Lu Sheng-Yen  , is founder spiritual leader True Buddha School, which is a religious group with teachings taken from Taoism Buddhism.

Australian Open
The tournament is played in January, during Summer.

Adrian Willaert
Adrian Willaert ,  was a composer ince period.

Sydney Harbour
Sydney Harbour  is a natural harbour.

List Austin Powers characters
The "Austin Girls":.

Vex
The Vex Robotics Design System is a robotic kit students asll as adults to world robotics.

340 Eduarda
340 Eduarda is a common Main belt asteroid.

Billy Ray Cyrus
Billy Ray Cyrus  is a Grammy nominated country singer actor.

341 California
341 California is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt, that has a very high albedo.

342 Endymion
342 Endymion is a Main belt asteroid.

How to Grow a from Ground
"How to Grow a from Ground" is a 2006 album by Chris Thile, who made album with How to Grow a Band, Thile.

343 Ostara
343 Ostara is a common Main belt asteroid.

344 Desiderata
344 Desiderata is a very Main belt asteroid.

345 Tercidina
345 Tercidina is a Main belt asteroid.

346 Hermentaria
346 Hermentaria is a very Main belt asteroid.

347a
347a is a Main belt asteroid.

348 May
348 May is a Main belt asteroid.

349 Dembowska
349 Dembowska is a main belt asteroid with a very high albedo 0.384.

Yantra
Yantra literally means loom, instrument machine.

Shri Yantra
The Shri Yantra Sri Chakra Tripura Sundari is a yantra mandalaed by nine interlocking triangles surrounding a dot in cetner called a bindu.

350 Ornamenta
350 Ornamenta is a very Main belt asteroid.

351 Yrsa
351 Yrsa is a common Main belt asteroid.

352 Gisela
352 Gisela is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt that has a very high albedo.

353 Ruperto-Carola
353 Ruperto-Carola is a Main belt asteroid.

354 Eleonora
354 Eleonora is a very Main belt asteroid.

355 Gabriella
355 Gabriella is a common Main belt asteroid.

356 Liguria
356 Liguria is a very Main belt asteroid.

357 Ninina
357 Ninina is a very Main belt asteroid.

358 Apollonia
358 Apollonia is a Main belt asteroid.

359 Georgia
359 Georgia is a common Main belt asteroid.

360 Carlova
360 Carlova is a very Main belt asteroid.

Tulku
A tulku  is a Buddhist lama who has achieved ability to consciously determine to be reborn,ten many times, inder to continueir Bodhisattva vow.

Yeshe Tsogyal
Yeshe Tsogyel  is also known in Nyingma tradition Buddhism as Great Bliss Queen.

Urho Kekkonen
Urho Kaleva Kekkonen  was Presidentd between 1956 1982.

J. P.
John Pierpont  was an banker, donater, art collector who was skilled in managing handling money.

Albertn
Albertn  was a Swiss scientist known for having invented Lysergic acid diethylamide .

361 Bononia
361 Bononia is a very Main belt asteroid.

362 Havnia
362 Havnia is a common Main belt asteroid.

363 Padua
363 Padua is probably a common Main belt asteroid.

364 Isara
364 Isara is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

365 Corduba
365 Corduba is a very Main belt asteroid.

Mahasiddha
A mahasiddha  is type yogi important in Tantra.

Red Hat sect
The newer Gelug school is known as "Yellow Hat Sect".

Peter Shotton
Peter  Shotton was a longtime friend John Lennon, who founded The Beatles.

Gustatory system
The gustatory system is sensory system for sense taste.

Olfactory system
The olfactory system is sensory system sense smell.

Bricostore
Bricostore is a type French hypermarket.

Pharaoh'sd
Pharaoh'sd is an island in River Thames,d.

Ky Ebright
Carroll M.

Robert Johnson (musician)
Robert Johnson, born Robert Leroy Johnson  is famous Delta blues musicians.

Ishman Bracey
Ishman Bracey , was a blues singer guitarist from Mississippi.

Bundesfinanzhof
Thezhof "Federalce Court" is federal supreme courtsy.

Hot Club de Paris
Hot Club de Paris are a band which came from Liverpool, United Kingdom.

Willie Brown (musician)
Willie Brown  was an guitarist singer.

Sid Wilson
Sidney George "Sid" Wilson is an musician member Slipknot.

Mahamudra
Mahamudra  is an advanced meditation in Buddhism.

Discount store
A discount store is a type department store, which sell products at prices lower than asked by traditional retaillets.

Second Temple
The Second Temple  was reconstructed Temple in Jerusalem which stood between 516 BCE 70 CE.

Temple in Jerusalem
The Temple in Jerusalem Holy Temple  lied on Temple Mount  in old city Jerusalem.

Mean Girls
Mean Girls is a 2004 movie starring Lindsay.

French Open
The French Open is fourd Slam tennis tournaments.

Sam Chatmon
Sam Chatmon , was a guitarist singer.

Medicine wheel
A medicine wheel is a stone structure built by natives North America for spiritual ritual purposes.

Stone structure
Stone structures, "megaliths", have been built by men for thousands years.

Megalith
A megalith is ae stone a structure monument, either alone together with other stones.

Moshii Records
Moshii Records is a London-based independent record label that has released music by bands such as The Rakes, Bloc Party, Hot Chip, Hot Club De Paris, Kate, Junkboy, Architecture in Helsinki, Tilly Wall, Yeti, its newest release is from a group called Au Revoir Simone.

Joey Jordison
Nathan Jonas "Joey" Jordison (b.

Richard Cromwell
Richard Cromwell  was son Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protectord,dd, for little over eight months, from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659.

Non-renewable resources
A non-renewable resource is a natural resource is used up faster than it can be made by nature.

Cipriano de Rore
Cipriano de Rore  was a composer who lived ince period.

Flemish (linguistics)
Flemish means belonging toders, north country Belgium.

1965 Demonstrations
The 1965 Demonstrationsre a 24 hour mass protest in, SSR on occasion anniversary genocide.

366 Vincentina
366 Vincentina is a fairly main belt asteroid.

Armenian Revolutionary Army
The Revolutionary Army  was a paramilitaryganization.

367 Amicitia
367 Amicitia is a common Main belt asteroid.

368 Haidea
368 Haidea is a Main belt asteroid.

Thin film transistor liquid crystal display
A thin film transistor liquid crystal display is a technology which is used in LCD monitor television displays.

369 Aëria
369 Aëria is a Main belt asteroid.

370 Modestia
370 Modestia is probably a common Main belt asteroid.

371 Bohemia
371 Bohemia is a Main belt asteroid.

372 Palma
372 Palma is Main belt asteroids.

373 Melusina
373 Melusina is a Main belt asteroid.

374 Burgundia
374 Burgundia is a common Main belt asteroid.

375 Ursula
375 Ursula is a very Main belt asteroid.

376 Geometria
376 Geometria is a common Main belt asteroid.

377ia
377ia is a Main belt asteroid.

378 Holmia
378 Holmia is a common Main belt asteroid.

Jenkem
Jenkem is an alleged drug that was supposedly invented in poors Africa.

U.S. Open (tennis)
The tournament was played in 1881 for men, 1887 for women.

Mobile device
Mobile device is an electric device which you can easily move.

Tor (software)
The Onion Router Tor is a software that keeps users anonymous onet.

Damage deposit
A damage deposit deposit is a sum money that is paid when rents an item.

379 Huenna
379 Huenna is a rather Main belt asteroid.

380 Fiducia
380 Fiducia is a Main belt asteroid.

381 Myrrha
381 Myrrha is a very Main belt asteroid.

382 Dodona
382 Dodona is a Main belt asteroid.

Lodging
Lodging holiday accommodation is a type accommodation.

Republic Venice
The Most Serene Republic Venice , was an state in a place current Venice.

Mindroling Monastery
Mindroling Monastery is six major monasteries Nyingma school in Tibet.

Royal Mail
Royal Mail is postal service United Kingdom.

Body dysmorphic disorder
Body dysmorphic disorder  is a mental problem where people thinky look different to howy really look.

Bed breakfast
Bed & breakfast means a stay in a private home when travelling abroad.

James Cotton
James "Jimmy" Cotton , is an blues harmonica player, singer, songwriter.

Accommodation (eye)
Accommodation is process by which eye increases optical power .

Focus (optics)
In geometrical optics, a focus  is point where light rays that come from a point on object converge .

List municipalities ind
The following is a list municipalities ind.

Vich,d
Vich is a municipality in Nyon in canton Vaud ind.

Ludiano
Ludiano is a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Lugaggia
Lugaggia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Lugano
Lugano  is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind .

Lumino
Lumino is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Egyptian pyramids
The Pyramids Egypt are among structures ever built are important examples Ancient civilization.

Andy Murray
Andy Murray , is a tennis professional.

Old Kingdom Egypt
The Old Kingdom is for Egypt during millennium BC when civilization Egypt had its peak.

Memphis, Egypt
Memphis was ancient capital nome Lower Egypt, Old Kingdom Egypt from its foundation until around 2200 BC later for periods during New Kingdom.

List readability tests
This is a listula to measure textual difficulty.

Nome (Egypt)
A nome  was a administrative ancient Egypt.

Cataracts Nile
The cataracts Nile are shallow stretches between Khartoum where water's surface is broken by numerous boulders stones that lye on river bed, asll as many rocky islets.

Paul Gray
Paul Dedrick Gray is an musician bassist for Nu Metal band Slipknot.

Smog
Smog is a type air polutant; word "smog" is a combination smoke fog.

Island Records
Island Records is a record label that was founded by makers in Jamaica.

Fiction Records
Fiction Records is a record label that was founded in 1978 by Chris Parry as a home for The Cure.

Foals (band)
Foals are a dance-punk band from Oxford who play a mixture Indie, techno Math-Rock..

Polydor Records
Polydor Records is a record label currently based in UK, is a subsidiary Universal Music Group.

Fascination Records
Fascination Records is a Polydor sub-label that launched in spring 2006.

List record labels
This is a list notable record labels.

Laura Marling
Laura Marling  is a folk-pop singer-songwriter from Reading,ire,d.

List record labels starting with a number
This is a list notable record labels starting with numbers.

Self-replication
Self-replication is any process by which a thing might make a copy itself.

Josquin des Prez
Josquin des Prez  was a French composer.

Beppe Grillo
Giuseppe Piero Grillo, better known as Beppe Grillo , is an comedian actor.

Tor
Tor is a land that is made rock.

Palladium (band)
Palladium is an Pop Rock banded in September 2006.

Meme
A meme , is a term for aoretical unit cultural information.

Analogy
Analogy in a more simple understanding is a similar structure to a given structure use a similar example model to explainthing.

Illegitimacy
Illegitimacy is a word that whose parentsre not married.

383 Janina
383 Janina is a common Main belt asteroid.

384 Burdigala
384 Burdigala is a common Main belt asteroid.

Wimbledonips
The Wimbledonips is fourd Slam tennis tournaments.

List counties in Alabama
Image:Alabama counties map.png|thumb|right|350px|Alabama counties  poly 210 83 208 83 199 75 188 75 176 70 171 70 165 74 150 79 145 85 136 86 122 74 119 66 115 60 107 57 103 57 99 60 92 56 84 40 218 43 217 72 210 78 211 82 Lauderdale County, Alabama poly 189 76 188 89 185 100 180 100 175 113 91 110 98 60 103 57 107 57 116 63 121 69 123 76 135 85 143 86 151 79 165 74 170 70 177 70 Colbert County, Alabama poly 174 113 91 110 86 153 174 156klin County, Alabama poly 159 220 160 156 86 154 81 196 111 197 111 202 116 202 116 219 Marion County, Alabama poly 115 284 71 282 81 196 111 197 111 202 116 202 116 283 116 284 Lamar County, Alabama poly 130 284 71 282 60 370 83 370 87 366 87 363 96 364 97 361 101 363 103 363 103 360 111 357 113 357 115 351 130 346 Pickens County, Alabama poly 148 369 147 367 130 367 130 346 115 351 113 357 103 360 102 362 100 364 97 361 96 363 93 364 92 362 88 363 83 370 85 373 85 377 81 376 81 378 82 380 79 381 83 392 86 393 82 396 84 399 87 398 92 402 98 402 98 407 92 407 95 416 90 419 93 422 100 420 99 428 96 430 98 436 116 429 120 432 126 433 129 436 127 436 126 435 122 434 121 437 124 440 124 445 126 447 127 444 131 445 132 447 134 447 133 442 135 442 135 437 139 440 143 438 142 433 135 434 132 430 139 429 140 430 142 427 137 427 135 417 131 418 131 415 133 413 131 408 125 410 125 407 132 403 131 395 134 387 139 385 139 381 145 378 143 374 147 372 Greene County, Alabama poly 128 449 128 447 123 445 123 440 120 436 123 434 126 437 128 435 126 432 119 432 116 430 105 434 98 436 95 429 97 427 97 422 101 421 99 418 96 422 91 420 91 418 94 417 91 406 96 406 98 403 97 402 93 403 88 396 86 399 82 396 85 394 84 391 80 383 78 382 79 379 81 380 84 378 81 378 82 376 84 377 85 375 83 370 59 370 47 482 114 483 114 482 108 478 103 473 99 472 100 463 107 458 109 458 118 448 127 450 Sumter County, Alabama poly 116 487 116 483 47 482 39 549 40 582 92 583 91 573 85 574 79 563 87 549 97 547 97 544 89 543 91 539 94 541 95 535 93 532 92 534 89 533 88 524 93 521 96 523 99 520 98 517 100 510 102 510 104 491 102 489 103 487 105 487 105 485 106 485 112 485 114 488 116 483 Choctaw County, Alabama poly 92 583 39 582 42 678 56 678 57 673 100 674 104 669 108 671 111 671 110 665 113 660 109 657 106 656 106 654 110 654 110 648 109 646 114 647 119 640 119 635 114 625 118 618 112 612 107 611 98 605 101 605 101 602 97 602 93 599 94 596 92 590 94 588ington County, Alabama poly 111 674 108 674 107 670 104 670 100 674 57 673 56 678 41 678 47 835 96 837 103 751 100 740 99 739 99 733 103 732 104 729 110 727 110 723 106 720 105 717 110 709 113 709 113 706 108 702 111 687 109 686 106 683 Mobile County, Alabama poly 96 838 104 750 100 734 104 732 104 728 110 727 111 723 105 720 105 717 111 709 113 709 114 706 108 703 111 687 107 684 111 674 109 674 107 670 112 671 112 667 115 667 124 664 129 652 132 654 134 653 131 646 132 646 135 649 145 649 150 655 153 658 158 658 157 699 161 699 161 705 154 720 160 728 167 734 170 741 187 751 188 755 187 766 180 776 181 779 183 781 183 785 188 789 192 789 191 792 188 795 183 795 180 807 172 809 172 812 180 812 178 814 150 821 127 825 Baldwin County, Alabama poly 285 699 158 699 157 658 165 661 176 655 277 656 277 667 286 667 Escambia County, Alabama poly 257 563 174 563 175 565 172 566 172 584 165 584 165 608 157 614 165 620 164 628 160 632 156 631 155 628 145 633 142 638 142 643 140 643 138 638 134 645 135 649 144 649 150 656 158 659 167 662 176 656 184 656 186 652 194 646 196 641 212 624 216 625 221 612 225 594 237 588 237 582 244 582 258 575 Monroe County, Alabama poly 172 562 158 562 158 555 150 555 151 535 95 535 95 540 88 540 88 544 95 545 92 549 87 549 80 565 84 574 89 572 92 577 93 590 93 593 94 600 99 604 112 612 116 617 115 625 120 634 119 641 116 646 108 655 110 666 117 667 128 654 133 655 135 649 135 643 138 638 141 643 142 637 154 628 160 631 166 620 158 613 166 609 166 584 172 584 Clarke County, Alabama poly 178 484 172 485 172 455 144 455 143 448 133 448 130 446 128 444 128 449 119 448 112 457 106 459 100 463 99 472 102 472 110 478 115 483 116 487 111 484 103 488 103 508 99 520 96 523 92 522 89 524 91 535 93 533 95 536 151 536 151 532 158 533 159 513 173 513 174 491 180 491 Marengo County, Alabama poly 188 371 146 369 143 375 143 381 138 386 131 390 132 402 124 409 132 409 134 413 130 417 131 418 135 417 135 427 142 426 141 430 135 431 136 434 143 434 141 437 138 442 131 449 144 449 144 455 173 455 172 427 179 427 181 398 187 398 Hale County, Alabama poly 187 271 188 256 173 257 172 228 159 227 158 221 116 219 116 283 154 283 154 275 159 275 159 270 Fayette County, Alabama poly 209 286 202 286 202 273 194 274 193 271 160 270 160 277 154 277 154 284 131 284 131 368 146 368 147 370 200 370 202 355 205 349 219 349 219 338 225 332 228 332 230 336 236 329 237 325 223 319 211 305 199 296 199 290 206 292 Tuscaloosa County, Alabama poly 241 330 234 330 232 335 229 333 226 333 218 339 218 349 207 349 203 355 202 370 187 371 187 392 201 391 201 398 263 398 262 362 252 358 252 356 250 354 249 345 243 343 Bibb County, Alabama poly 242 398 201 398 201 391 187 391 187 399 181 399 179 427 172 428 173 484 185 483 186 454 229 454 242 416 Perry County, Alabama poly 256 426 244 426 242 417 230 454 187 455 187 484 178 484 180 491 184 492 221 527 258 527 257 499 273 499 263 489 269 485 267 482 272 477 258 444 Dallas County, Alabama poly 266 539 265 527 220 527 195 501 182 490 174 491 172 512 157 513 158 532 150 534 152 555 158 554 158 563 257 562 257 540 Wilcox County, Alabama poly 286 612 267 613 257 595 257 575 245 581 235 581 235 588 224 595 216 623 184 655 278 656 278 669 285 667 285 642 290 639 291 628 286 628 Conecuh County, Alabama poly 359 699 358 626 349 625 344 612 328 625 328 613 286 613 288 628 291 628 292 638 286 644 288 699 Covington County, Alabama poly 358 541 343 541 342 527 328 527 328 541 323 541 321 591 314 591 315 613 328 612 329 624 345 612 346 624 350 627 359 627 357 612 361 612 365 609 364 598 359 596 365 588 364 569 357 569 361 548aw County, Alabama poly 396 489 388 480 380 465 371 466 357 462 350 452 342 458 342 466 333 463 322 470 315 477 317 489 328 494 328 525 341 527 343 540 384 540 385 494 387 490 Montgomery County, Alabama poly 322 541 258 541 258 595 267 613 316 614 314 592 322 592 Butler County, Alabama poly 328 540 327 494 316 489 316 479 309 478 308 474 303 474 300 476 299 467 293 469 293 474 289 477 285 476 284 468 275 470 276 478 274 485 270 485 263 491 270 496 272 497 259 498 257 527 264 526 266 541 Lowndes County, Alabama poly 326 419 285 419 284 428 257 427 259 444 258 445 271 475 269 485 277 479 275 471 284 469 286 478 295 474 294 468 298 468 299 477 305 474 311 478 316 478 327 467 Autauga County, Alabama poly 312 367 307 367 298 359 263 359 262 398 243 398 242 425 284 427 284 419 325 419 326 412 332 412 321 400 322 395 319 392 317 392 312 378 315 373 Chilton County, Alabama poly 317 281 313 281 312 286 308 286 301 294 291 294 269 315 248 328 243 330 242 343 249 343 250 355 261 363 261 360 299 360 307 367 311 367 315 353 320 349 314 342 334 322 333 314 337 312 331 308 331 288 318 288 Shelby County, Alabama poly 307 245 295 245 279 232 262 232 242 244 238 262 218 273 218 281 200 292 201 295 211 305 225 321 238 329 246 330 263 316 268 316 268 311 277 311 290 295 299 295 312 281 308 278 307 270 312 262 Jefferson County, Alabama poly 250 231 245 227 245 224 233 224 225 206 159 206 159 226 173 228 173 257 187 257 188 271 194 272 195 275 203 275 203 285 208 289 219 280 217 273 238 262 242 244 252 239 Walker County, Alabama poly 231 157 160 156 160 206 229 207 Winston County, Alabama poly 232 94 227 87 211 80 210 82 207 82 198 74 188 75 188 85 184 99 174 114 174 155 230 158 Lawrence County, Alabama poly 275 44 218 42 218 73 208 79 211 82 217 83 234 97 245 101 255 110 270 117 274 117 Limestone County, Alabama poly 276 44 275 116 277 115 286 111 289 111 291 115 295 116 299 111 305 112 310 125 314 129 323 128 329 121 337 123 340 109 333 102 333 86 336 83 337 70 334 64 339 58 339 53 341 53 345 54 348 52 340 44 Madison County, Alabama poly 435 44 339 44 349 53 346 57 339 52 335 58 332 102 341 110 361 109 362 119 369 121 372 132 382 128 411 105 422 84 425 84 431 69 438 65 Jackson County, Alabama poly 438 66 432 69 431 77 425 84 421 86 410 105 389 123 371 130 367 137 368 173 403 173 403 167 412 164 439 133 438 128 447 119 DeKalb County, Alabama poly 463 212 447 119 439 128 440 133 412 164 403 168 404 188 411 184 418 211 Cherokee County, Alabama poly 419 211 410 185 405 189 404 173 368 173 368 175 359 175 337 200 333 217 337 218 343 208 349 213 356 208 376 231 384 228 390 219 392 223 397 223 395 216 405 213 418 218 Etowah County, Alabama poly 341 190 356 177 369 176 367 136 371 132 369 121 362 119 362 108 339 109 338 118 338 122 327 121 325 127 314 127 308 119 303 156 317 157all County, Alabama poly 306 121 307 113 301 111 293 117 289 114 289 110 284 110 278 118 271 116 243 101 233 96 231 155 303 157 County, Alabama poly 321 164 316 158 231 155 230 208 225 207 235 220 233 223 234 225 245 225 246 230 250 231 257 227 257 221 275 212 287 196 287 193 290 193 300 188 307 177 307 173 311 166 County, Alabama poly 341 191 321 164 311 166 308 178 300 187 288 192 277 211 257 221 256 227 250 230 253 238 263 232 280 233 294 245 305 246 304 239 310 239 320 235 322 236 335 226 335 221 339 217 339 216 331 216 Blount County, Alabama poly 375 231 373 228 370 228 367 222 361 222 358 213 356 208 347 213 344 209 339 216 336 225 325 237 318 236 304 241 304 246 307 245 311 257 306 276 312 282 318 282 319 289 331 289 332 306 342 294 343 286 346 286 348 291 351 289 359 281 352 275 359 268 360 262 354 258 358 255 361 259 364 259 363 254 366 254 376 246 378 244 374 240 St.

Legume
A legume is a type dry fruit.

Bifocals
Bifocals are eyeglasses with lenses that are split between two different strengths.

Lightning rod
A lightning rod lightning conductor is a metal rod that is lightning strike it, rather thanthing else.

Ashland, Alabama
Ashland is an city in state Alabama.

Bob Riley
Robert Renfroe "Bob" Riley (b.

385 Ilmatar
385 Ilmatar is a Main Belt asteroid.

386 Siegena
386 Siegena is a very Main belt asteroid.

387ia
387ia is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

388 Charybdis
388 Charybdis is a very Main belt asteroid.

389 Industria
389 Industria is a Main belt asteroid.

390 Alma
390 Alma is a common medium sized Main belt asteroid.

391 Ingeborg
391 Ingeborg is probably a common Main belt asteroid.

392 Wilhelmina
392 Wilhelmina is a Main belt asteroid.

393 Lampetia
393 Lampetia is a fairly Main belt asteroid.

394 Arduina
394 Arduina is a common Main belt asteroid.

395 Delia
395 Delia is a Main belt asteroid.

396 Aeolia
396 Aeolia is a common Main belt asteroid.

397 Vienna
397 Vienna is a common Main belt asteroid.

398 Admete
398 Admete is a common Main belt asteroid.

Leon Czolgosz
Leon Czolgosz  was an assassin an anarchist.

Federal district
The Federal district is area around national capital in federal countries.

399 Persephone
399 Persephone is a common Main belt asteroid.

400 Ducrosa
400 Ducrosa is a common Main belt asteroid.

401 Ottilia
401 Ottilia is a Main belt asteroid.

402 Chloë
402 Chloë is a Main belt asteroid.

403e
403e is a common Main belt asteroid.

404 Arsinoë
404 Arsinoë is a Main belt asteroid.

Baldwin County, Alabama
Baldwin County is a county in U.S.

Wayne Rooney
Wayne Mark Rooney  is a football  player who plays for Manchester United his country,d.

Mobile County, Alabama
Mobile County is a county U.S.

Mike Cross
Mike Cross  is an singer a guitar player.

Arthur Crudup
Arthur "Big Boy" Crudup  was a delta blues singer guitarist.

David Honeyboy Edwards
David "Honeyboy" Edwards  is an blues guitarist singer.

Houston County, Alabama
Houston County is a county in state Alabama, United States It is newest county in Alabama, as it was only created on 9 February 1903.

Pompeii
Pompeii was a city.

Henry
Henry  was an musician.

Carnival Blacks Whites
The Carnival Blacks Whites  is a carnival in colombian city Pasto.

Le Corbusier
Charles-Edouardneret-Gris , , known by popular Le Corbusier, was an architect writer born ind.

Anna Karenina
"Anna Karenina" , also Anglicised as "Anna Karenin", is a novel by writer Leo Tolstoy.

Anna Karenina (disambiguation)
"For Film, TV, radio,atrical adaptations novel see:" "For cruiseferry, see S "Anna Karenina"" .

Prada
Prada is a famous fashion company  with shops products around world.

Cross section (geometry)
A cross section is gets if cuts an object into slices.

Space (physics)
In a simple understanding space isthing that all know that is measured in three dimensions: length, width height.

Horace
Quintus Horatius Flaccus , known to speakers as Horace, was a famous poet in Empire.

Space (disambiguation)
Space in simple understanding is an area volume.

Physical body
In physics, a physical body  is a collection masses, when you look atm as object only.

Ebisu
Ebisu , also known as Yebisu Hiruko iro-nushi-no-kami , is god fishermen, luck working men, also guardian health children.

Dominican peso
The peso is money Republic.

Proprioception
Proprioception is sense that people have knowing wheresir body are.

Permutation
A permutation is a single way arranging a group objects.

1 E6 m²
To help in showing sizes different geographic regions, areas between 1 km²  10 km²  are listed below.

Lipid
A lipid is a type molecule in biology.

Groupory
Groupory is an advanced subject in mathematics.

St. Cathedral
St.

Margherita Savoy
Margherita di Savoia "Margaret Savoy" , was an queen Kingdom Italy during reign  her husband, Humbert I.

Consonance dissonance
In music, consonance dissonance are words which are certain musical intervals chords.

405 Thia
405 Thia is a very Main belt asteroid.

Carpe diem
Carpe diem is a famous phrase from poems Horace.

Gustavn
Dr.

406 Erna
406 Erna is a common Main belt asteroid.

Schwelm
Schwelm is a town in district Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bundesarbeitsgericht
The Bundesarbeitsgericht "Federal Labour Court" is federal supreme court appeals for cases labour law.

Bundessozialgericht
The Bundessozialgericht  is federal supreme court appeals for social security cases.

Bundesverwaltungsgericht
The Bundesverwaltungsgericht "Federal Administrative Court" is five federal supreme courtsy.

Santa María de Iquique School Massacre
The Santa María de Iquique school Massacre was on December 21 1907.

407 Arachne
407 Arachne is a Main belt asteroid.

Skype
Skype is a software program that uses internet to make telephone calls.

408 Fama
408 Fama is a common Main belt asteroid.

Wookieepedia
Wookieepedia  is an online encyclopedia for information on Star Wars fictional universe—including information six films, asll asded Universe.

Chianti
Chianti is a red wine.

409 Aspasia
409 Aspasia is a very Main belt asteroid.

Maxïmo Park
Maxïmo Park  are an indie rock band whoed in 2000.

Math Rock
Math rock is a guitar-based style indie rock which has complex rhythms.

410 Chloris
410 Chloris is a very Main belt asteroid.

Middle Kingdom Egypt
The Middle Kingdom is period in history ancient Egypt stretching from establishment Eleventh Dynasty to end Fourteenth Dynasty, roughly between 2030 BC 1640 BC.

Thebes, Egypt
Thebes  was a city in Ancient Egypt about 800 km south, on east bank river Nile .

What Time Is It?
What Time Is It? is a songf soundtrack 2007 movie High School Musical 2.

Politicsy
The Politicsy is based on a federal parliamentary democratic republic The Federalcellor is head government, majority group in legislature  which is called Bundestag.

Musical notation
Music notation musical notation is a way writing down music so that anyone can play it.

Musicology
Musicology means study music by a scholar.

Group 0
Group 0 in periodic table is group where noble gases are arranged.

Armenian-Tatar massacres 1905-1907
The-Tatar massacres  refers to inter-ethnic conflict betweens Tartars  in Caucasus in 1905—1907.

411 Xanthe
411 Xanthe is a Main belt asteroid.

C-pop
C-pop is for popular music.

Stefanie Sun
Stefanie Sun (a multi-award-winning C-Pop singer songwriter.

Mudra
In religions, a mudra  is a gesture made with hand fingers.

Aaron Kwok
Aaron Kwok is a popular Hong Kong singer movie actor.

Styrene
Styrene is a certainganic chemical compound having chemicalula C8H8.

412 Elisabetha
412 Elisabetha is a Main belt asteroid.

Para Para Sakura
"Para Para Sakura" is a 2001 romance-comedy movie directed by Jingle Ma, starring Aaron Kwok Cecilia Cheung.

413 Edburga
413 Edburga is a common Main belt asteroid.

414 Liriope
414 Liriope is a Main belt asteroid.

JJ Lin
Wayne Lin, born on 27 March 1981, is more commonly known as JJ Lin.

415 Palatia
415 Palatia is a Main belt asteroid.

416a
416a is a Main belt asteroid.

417 Suevia
417 Suevia is a common Main belt asteroid.

418nia
418nia is a common Main belt asteroid.

Zhang Li Yin
Li Ying , also known in Korea by her RiIn Jang, is currently only solo singer to break into music industry.

419 Aurelia
419 Aurelia is a very Main belt asteroid.

420 Bertholda
420 Bertholda is a very Main belt asteroid.

Nyingma
Nyingma is four major schools Buddhism.

421 Zähringia
421 Zähringia is a Main belt asteroid.

422 Berolina
422 Berolina is a common Main belt asteroid.

423 Diotima
423 Diotima is a Main belt asteroids.

424 Gratia
424 Gratia is a Main belt asteroid.

425 Cornelia
425 Cornelia is a Main belt asteroid.

426 Hippo
426 Hippo is a very Main belt asteroid.

427 Galene
427 Galene is a common Main belt asteroid.

428 Monachia
428 Monachia is an asteroidbiting in Flora family in Main Belt.

429 Lotis
429 Lotis is a Main belt asteroid.

430 Hybris
430 Hybris is a common Main belt asteroid.

431 Nephele
431 Nephele is a Main belt asteroid.

432 Pythia
432 Pythia is a common Main belt asteroid.

433 Eros
433 Eros is found Near-Earth asteroidd after Greek god love, Eros .

Thelema
Thelema is spelling Greek noun: "will", from verb "θέλω": to will, wish, purpose.

Svecchachara
Svecchachara is Sanskrit equivalent Greek word Thelema, interpreted by Aleister Crowley as "Do What Thou Wilt." In volume TWILIGHT YOGA, "Ecstasy, Equipoise,ity", Shri Gurudevath wrote, .

Ole Nydahl
Ole Nydahl  is founder leader Diamond Way Buddhism, anganisation in Karma Kagyu school Buddhism.

Tank (singer)
Tank  is a singer-songwriter.

Mayday
Mayday  is alternative rock bands in pop culture.

Der Dativ ist dem Genitiv sein Tod
"Der Dativ ist dem Genitv sein Tod"  is a book series written by Sick which deals with cases grammar,thography, punctuation, uninteresting poor way expressing in languagely.

Made Bricks
"Made Bricks" is album by singer-songwriter, Kate.

Matinée (album)
"Matinée" is album from singer-'songwriter Jack Peñate.

Radio 1's Live Lounge
"Radio 1's Live Lounge" is an album live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show.

Sula Sgeir
Sula Sgeir is a, uninhabited island in Northtic.

434 Hungaria
434 Hungaria is a fairly closer Main belt asteroid.

Antiderivative
Antidifferentiation  is a mathematics.

Baucau
Baucau is a city in East Timor .

1 BC
Year 1 BC was a leap year starting on Thursday calendar.

435 Ella
435 Ella is a common Main belt asteroid.

Data Protection Act
The Data Protection Act  is a set rules written by government for people who use data about living people on computers any storage system, even paper records.

Nontrinitarianism
Nontrinitarism is a movement withinity.

436 Patricia
436 Patricia is a Main belt asteroid.

437 Rhodia
437 Rhodia is a common Main belt asteroid.

438 Zeuxo
438 Zeuxo is a Main belt asteroid.

439 Ohio
439 Ohio is a Main belt asteroid.

Daegu
Daegu  is a city in South Korea.

440 Theodora
440 Theodora is a Main belt asteroid.

Interstate 10
Interstate is a long freeway whichst side ends at Los Angeles, other side ends at Jacksonville.

Ranked list Provinces
These are ranked lists Provinces Republic.

Miranda Cosgrove
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  is a child actress singer.

Old Believers
In context Orthodox church history, Old Believers  became separated after 1666 - 1667.

Eighty-one
Eighty-one is a number.

Province Florence
The Province Florence  is a province iny region Italy.

Province Arezzo
Province Arezzo  is eastern province iny region Italy.

Province Grosseto
Province Grosseto  is a province iny region Italy.

Old Catholic Church
The Old Catholic Church is a for a group churches.

Province Livorno
The Province Livorno  is a province iny region Italy.

Province Lucca
Province Lucca  is a province iny region Italy.

Province Massa-Carrara
The Province Massa-Carrara  is a province iny region Italy.

Province Pisa
The Province Pisa  is a province iny region Italy.

Wave-particle duality
Wave-particle duality is where waves can behaveicles,icles can behave waves.

Province Pistoia
The Province Pistoia (It.

Province Prato
The Province Prato  is a province iny region Italy.

Saltpeter war
The War Pacific saltpeter war grew a dispute between Chile Bolivia over control a Atacama desert that lies between parallels on Pacific coast.

Province Siena
The Province Siena is a province iny region Italy.

Johannes Ockeghem
Johannes Ockeghem , was famous composerco School  in last half century, isten thought as important composer between Dufay Josquin des Prez.

Group 6
Group 6 is last group in periodic table.

Magadino
Magadino is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Maggia,d
Maggia is a municipality district Vallemaggia in canton Ticino ind.

Historikerstreit
The Historikerstreit  was an intellectual political controversy in Westy about way Holocaust should be interpreted in history.

Jury
A jury is a group people who decide whether a person is guilty innocent committing a crime.

441 Bathilde
441 Bathilde is a Main belt asteroid.

442 Eichsfeldia
442 Eichsfeldia is a Main belt asteroid.

Pocahontas
Pocahontas  was an Native woman who married an, John Rolfe, became a celebrity in London right before she died.

Develier
Develier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

443 Photographica
443 Photographica is a common Main belt asteroid.

Ederswiler
Ederswiler is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

444 Gyptis
444 Gyptis is a very Main belt asteroid.

Glovelier
Glovelier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Mervelier
Mervelier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

445 Edna
445 Edna is a Main belt asteroid.

446itas
446itas is a Main belt asteroid.

447 Valentine
447 Valentine is a Main belt asteroid.

448 Natalie
448 Natalie is a common Main belt asteroid.

449 Hamburga
449 Hamburga is a Main belt asteroid.

450 Brigitta
450 Brigitta is a common Main belt asteroid.

451 Patientia
451 Patientia is an asteroid found in main belt with a diameter 225 km is asteroids in main belt.

452 Hamiltonia
452 Hamiltonia is an asteroid.

453 Tea
453 Tea is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

454 Mathesis
454 Mathesis is an asteroid.

455 Bruchsalia
455 Bruchsalia is an asteroid.

456 Abnoba
456 Abnoba is an asteroid.

457 Alleghenia
457 Alleghenia is an asteroid.

458 Hercynia
458 Hercynia is an asteroid.

459 Signe
459 Signe is an asteroid.

460ia
460ia is an asteroid.

461 Saskia
461 Saskia is an asteroid.

462 Eriphyla
462 Eriphyla is an Main belt asteroid.

463 Lola
463 Lola is an asteroid.

Prana
Prana is vital air breath human body in Hinduism.

Sanga Monastery
Sanga Monastery is a Buddhist monastery located in vicinity Lhasa, Tibet.

Satguru
Satguru Sadguru means "true guru".

Physicist
A Physicist is a scientist who studies Physics.

Western Empire
The Empire wasstern half Empire, from its division by in 286; other half Empire became known as Empire, today widely known astine Empire.

Ravenna
Ravenna is a city "comune" in Emilia-Romagna region Italy.

Social democracy
Social democracy grew differences between communism socialism.

464 Megaira
464 Megaira is an asteroid.

UEFA Cup
The UEFA Cup is a tournament for teams that did not make UEFA Champions League.

Charlottenburg
Charlottenburg was an independent city tost Berlin until 1920.

Magliaso
Magliaso is a municipality in districto in canton Ticino ind.

Mairengo
Mairengo is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Malvaglia
Malvaglia is a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Manno
Manno is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Maroggia
Maroggia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Massagno
Massagno is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Medeglia
Medeglia is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Melano
Melano is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Melide,d
Melide is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Wilmersdorf
Wilmersdorf was a village near Berlin.

Able Label
The Able Label was an independent record label frome, Australia.

Goosebumps
"Goosebumps" is a collection children's horror fiction books written by R.

Azuli Records
Azuli Records is an independent record label, focusing on house music others electronic dance music.

Carluke
The town Carluke is situated in centre countryside in Southire,d, 5.4 miles North-West Lanark 5 miles South-Eastaw.

Marvel Universe
The Marvel Universe  is a comic book fictional universe created by Marvel Comics.

Runaways (comics)
Runaways is a Marvel Comics comic book series created by K.

Kreuzberg
Kreuzberg, located south Berlin-Mitte, was-known boroughs Berlin, famous for its nightlife its left-leaning electorate asll as its problems with crime drug scene a very high number immigrants.

Civil War (comics)
"Civil War" was ae comic book story created by Marvel Comics.

Brunstad Conference Center
Brunstad Conference Center  is a conference centre in Stokke, Vestfold in Norway.

465 Alekto
465 Alekto is an asteroid.

466 Tisiphone
466 Tisiphone is an asteroid.

467 Laura
467 Laura is an asteroid.

468 Lina
468 Lina is an asteroid.

Stig Claesson
John Stig Claesson  was a writer illustrator.

Dagens Nyheter
The Dagens Nyheter is a-language newspaper.

469 Argentina
469 Argentina is an asteroid.

470 Kilia
470 Kilia is an asteroid.

Chihuahua
Chihuahua is a state in Mexico.

471 Papagena
471 Papagena is an asteroid.

472 Roma
472 Roma is an asteroid.

473 Nolli
473 Nolli is a medium-sized asteroid.

474 Prudentia
474 Prudentia is an asteroid.

475 Ocllo
475 Ocllo is an asteroid.

476 Hedwig
476 Hedwig is an asteroid.

477 Italia
477 Italia is an asteroid.

478 Tergeste
478 Tergeste is a main belt asteroidbiting Sun.

479 Caprera
479 Caprera is a minor planetbiting Sun.

480 Hansa
480 Hansa is a minor planetbiting Sun.

481 Emita
481 Emita is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Emergency medical services in United Kingdom
Emergency medical services in United Kingdom are provided by four National Health Services through local ambulance services, known ind Wales as trusts.

482 Petrina
482 Petrina is a minor planetbiting Sun.

483 Seppina
483 Seppina is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Public administration
Public Administration means government management, but today also non-governmentalganizations that are not acting self-interest can be seen as public administrators..

European Space Agency
European Space Agency ESA is an internationalganisation with 18 member countries.

Management
Management means directing controlling a group more people anganization to reach a goal.

Republic Texas
The Republic Texas was a sovereign state in North America between United States Mexico that existed from 1836 to 1845.

Nuremberg Military Tribunals
The Nuremberg Military Tribunals are follow up trials war criminals held by United States America in Nuremberg.

Anschluss
The Anschluss   also known as was joining together Austriay in 1938.

Nestorianism
Nestorianism is a movement withinity.

Daikokuten
In, Daikokuten , is Seven Lucky Gods.

Enzymes
bacon town .

484 Pittsburghia
484 Pittsburghia is an asteroid that is inbit around sun 150 million miles from Earth.

Seesaw
A seesaw  is a long, narrow board which is fixed in middle, a little way above ground.

485 Genua
485 Genua is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Playground swing
A swing is a hanging seat, usually found in a playground for children.

Playground slide
Playground slides are slides for children to play on in playgrounds.

486 Cremona
486 Cremona is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Antipsychotic
Antipsychotic drugs are used in treatment depression mood swings.

Eve Online
EVE Online is a 2003 Space simulator science fiction MMORPG computer game.

487 Venetia
487 Venetia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

488 Kreusa
488 Kreusa is a minor planetbiting Sun.

489 Comacina
489 Comacina is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Kintarō
Kintarō  is a folk  hero from folklore.

490 Veritas
490 Veritas is a asteroid, which may have been involved in more huge asteroid-asteroid collisions past 100 million years.

491 Carina
491 Carina is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Cart
A cart is a vehicle with two wheels usually pulled by horse.

492 Gismonda
492 Gismonda is a minor planetbiting Sun.

493 Griseldis
493 Griseldis is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Lanark grammar school
Lanark Grammar School is a medium sizedary school in Lanark, Southire which has over 1000 students.

Johannes Vermeer
Johannes Vermeer Jan Vermeer  was a Dutch Baroque painter.

Arthur Seyß-Inquart
Dr Arthur Seyß-Inquart  was a prominent lawyer later Nazificial in pre-Anschluß Austria, Third Reich in wartimey,d,ds.

Women in Ancient Athens
Women in Ancient Athensre treated very differently thany are today.

Watership Down
"Watership Down" is a novel written by Richard Adams.

Richard Adams
Richard George Adams  is an author who is known as writer three novels with animals as characters.

Mergoscia
Mergoscia is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Meride
Meride is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Mezzovico-Vira
Mezzovico-Vira is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Miglieglia
Miglieglia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Minusio
Minusio is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Moleno
Moleno is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Monte Carasso
Monte Carasso is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Exposure (Athens)
Exposure was a widely used method getting rid babies that parents didn't want.

Mark Ronson
Mark Daniel Ronson  is a music producer from London,d.

Shardik
"Shardik" is a fantasy novel written by Richard Adams in 1974.

Warsaw Uprising (1794)
The Warsaw uprising 1794  was a group people who lived in Warsaw.

Vaisravana
Vaiśravaṇa  Vessavaṇa  is chief Four Heavenly Kings an important person in Buddhism.

Fugazi
Fugazire an alternative rock band that became active in 1987.

Benzaiten
Benzaiten  is goddess Saraswati.

Purchasing Power Parity
There are two ways to measure GDP  different countries comparem.

GDP per capita
GDP per capita is GDP  a country, divided by its population.

Warren (domestic)
A domestic warren is a fake, enclosed establishment animal husbandry that is domestic rabbits for meat fur.

494 Virtus
494 Virtus is a minor planetbiting Sun.

495 Eulalia
495 Eulalia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Burrow
A burrow is a hole tunnel that was dug into ground by an animal to create a space that can be time shelter.

Burrow (disambiguation)
A burrow is a hole made by an animal.

496 Gryphia
496 Gryphia is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

497 Iva
497 Iva is a main-belt asteroidbiting Sun, not to be confused with 1627 Ivar.

498 Tokio
498 Tokio is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Sogyal Rinpoche
Sogyal Rinpoche is a Dzogchen Lama Nyingma tradition.

Soma
Soma is a drink used in ancient India, in  culture.

499 Venusia
499 Venusia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Tokyo Juliet
Tokyo Juliet  is a 2006 dramatic television series.

500 Selinur
500 Selinur is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Left Hand Path
"Left Hand Path" is a term used in occultism for spiritual path.

Wu Zun
"This is a.

501 Urhixidur
501 Urhixidur is a fairly  main belt asteroid.

Vamachara
Vamachara Vama marga  are technical terms in tantra that are usual Hindu social norms.

Magick
Magick is an old way to spell word "magic".

Dolmen
A dolmen  is a type single-chamber megalithic tomb.

Sichuan
Sichuan  is a province instern China with its capital at Chengdu.

Twice Cooked Pork
Twice-Cooked Pork  "literally: "meat that has been" is probably-known-style dish.

Joseph (name)
Joseph is a from Hebrew language, written as יוֹסֵף.

John Dee
John Dee  was a noted mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, geographer, occultist, consultant to Queen Elizabeth I.

Burrow (Shropshire)
Burrow is a hill inire with an Iron Age hill fort at top that is known as Burrow Camp.

Roye
Roy Mauricee  was an footballer.

Marilyn (hill)
A Marilyn is a mountain hill in Isles  with a relative height at least 150 metres .

Munro
A Munro is a mountain with a height over 3,000 feet .

Topographic prominence
In topography, prominence, also known as autonomous height, relative height shoulder drop  prime factor , is a concept that is used in categorization hills mountains, also known as peaks.

Jamaica coalition
A Jamaica coalition was given to a possible coalition governmenty.

502 Sigune
502 Sigune is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Rainbow body
The rainbow body in Buddhism is a body that is made light, not flesh.

Robert Anton Wilson
Dr Robert Anton Wilson  was a futurist thinker, libertarian, writer.

Tara (Buddhism)
Tārā Ārya Tārā, also known as Jetsun Dolma in, is a female Buddha linked with Buddhist tantra practice in Buddhism.

Tara (Devi)
In Hinduism, Goddess Tara  meaning "star" is ten Mahavidyas "Great Wisdoms", Tantric manifestations Mahadevi, Kali Parvati.

Theremin
Theremin ,  is earliest fully electronic musical instruments.

Terpsitone
The terpsitone was an electronic musical instrument invented by Léon Theremin.

Fukurokuju
In, Fukurokuju   is Seven Lucky Gods.

Léon Theremin
Léon Theremin   was a inventor.

Chappelle's Show
"Chappelle's Show" was an comedy television series starring comedian Dave Chappelle.

East
East East  is 30 provinces.

Clothing in Ancient Greece
Clothing in Ancient Greece was usually made rectangular pieces cloth.

West
آذربایجان غربی "Āzarbāijān-e Gharbī";: "Azerbaycanî Rojawa"; Azeri: "Qərbi Azərbaycan") is 30 provinces.

503 Evelyn
503 Evelyn is a minor planetbiting Sun.

504 Cora
504 Cora is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Yuliaenko
Yulia Volodymyrivnaenko   is a politician current Prime Minister Ukraine.

505 Cava
505 Cava is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Samara
Samara is a fictional character from movie "The Ring".

506 Marion
506 Marion is a minor planetbiting Sun.

The Ring (2002 movie)
"The Ring" is a 2002 scary movie.

Naomi Watts
Naomi Watts  is an actress.

Daveigh Chase
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase  is an actress singer.

507 Laodica
507 Laodica is a minor planetbiting Sun.

508 Princetonia
508 Princetonia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

509da
509da is a minor planetbiting Sun.

510 Mabella
510 Mabella is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Eurofighter Typhoon
The Eurofighter Typhoon is a jet fighter aircraft made by EADS, BAE Systems Alenia Aeronautica with Eurofighter GmbH.

511 Davida
511 Davida is a main belt asteroid.

512 Taurinensis
512 Taurinensis is a minor planetbiting Sun.

513 Centesima
513 Centesima is a minor planetbiting Sun.

514 Armida
514 Armida is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Courtsy
The judiciary, that is, judges Courtsy are independent.

Flag Denmark
The Flag Denmark, "Dannebrog" is red with a white cross.

Danish krone
The krone is money used in Denmark.

Coat Arms Denmark
The coat arms Denmark consists three crowned blue lions with nine red hearts, all in a golden shield.

Monteggio
Monteggio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Morbio Superiore
Morbio Superiore is a municipality in canton Ticino ind in hills above Chiasso.

Der er et yndigt land
"Der er et yndigt land"  is national anthem Denmark.

Morcote
Morcote is a municipality districto in Swiss canton Ticino.

Mosogno
Mosogno is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Muggio
Muggio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Muralto
Muralto is a municipality district Locarno, in canton Ticino ind.

Muzzano,d
Muzzano is a municipality districto, in canton Ticino,d.

Yuliaenko Bloc
The Yuliaenko Bloc  is a electoral alliance led by politician Yuliaenko, current Prime Minister Ukraine.

Roberta
Roberta  is an artist.

Tom Jerry in Fists Furry
Tom Jerry in Fists Furry is a fighting video game for Nintendo 64 PC based on classic cartoon series Tom & Jerry.

515 Athalia
515 Athalia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Noam Chomsky
Avram Noam Chomsky  is an linguist, philosopher, political activist, author, lecturer.

Neggio
Neggio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Novaggio
Novaggio is a municipality districto, in canton Ticino,d.

Novazzano
Novazzano is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Olivone
Olivone was a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Onsernone
Onsernone is a municipality canton Ticino ind.

516 Amherstia
516 Amherstia was asteroid found by Raymond Smith, was found in 1903 wasd after Amherst College, his alma mater.

Barrack
A barrack is a military building where soldiers live sleep.

517 Edith
517 Edith is a minor planetbiting Sun.

518 Halawe
518 Halawe is a minor planetbiting Sun.

519ia
519ia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

520ziska
520ziska is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Jacob Obrecht
Jacob Obrecht  was a composer from southds.

Antoine Busnois
Antoine Busnois    was a French composer poet earlyce School.

Assassin's Creed
"Assassin's Creed" is a video game published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 consoles.

Confirmation
A Confirmation is when a statement a promise is made sure agreed with once again before it is.

521 Brixia
521 Brixia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

The Undertaker
Mark William Calaway  is an professional wrestler.

Sinologist
Sinologist is a person that study China, but he/she is not.

Patriarch
A Patriarch was head an extended family,iginally.

Intellectual
An intellectual is who tries to use his her intellect to work, study, reflect, speculate, ask answer questions about a wide variety different ideas.

522 Helga
522 Helga is a minor planetbiting Sun.

523 Ada
523 Ada is a minor planetbiting Sun.

List The Simpsons episodes
This is an episode list for Fox cartoon series "The Simpsons".

524 Fidelio
524 Fidelio is a minor planet with a diameter 71 km,biting Sun near center main asteroid belt.

Robosexuality
Robosexuality is where a person is sexually such as robots.

Rye
Rye is a type grass, usually grown as a grain forage crop .

List environment topics
This is a list topics about natural environment.

Highly sensitive person
A highly sensitive person  is a person who is very easily affected by things.

Pixies
The Pixies are an alternative rock band that have been active from 1986-1993, 2004 to present.

Dance-Punk
Dance-punk  is a music genre.

LG Prada
The LG KE850, alsod The LG Prada Phone, is a mobile phone manufactured by LG Electronics designed by Prada.

525 Adelaide
525 Adelaide is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Cloverfield
"Cloverfield" is a 2008 movie about a giant monster that attacks New York City.

Tilly Wall
Tilly Wall is an indie pop group from Omaha, Nebraska.

Origlio
Origlio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Orselina
Orselina is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Osco
Osco is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Osogna
Osogna is a municipality district Riviera in canton Ticino ind.

Palagnedra
Palagnedra is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Lago di Palagnedra
Lago di Palagnedra is a lake at Palagnedra, Ticino,d.

Moulin Rouge!
"Moulin Rouge!" is a 2001 Academy Award-winning musical movie directed by Bazn.

Paradiso,d
Paradiso is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Lago d'Origlio
Lago d'Origlio is a lake in municipality Origlio, in Ticino,d.

Personico
Personico is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Pianezzo
Pianezzo is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Piazzogna
Piazzogna is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Pollegio
Pollegio is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Ponte Capriasca
Ponte Capriasca is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Ponte Tresa
Ponte Tresa is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Porza
Porza is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Prato (Leventina)
Prato Leventina  is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

526 Jena
526 Jena is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

527the
527the is a minor planetbiting Sun.

528 Rezia
528 Rezia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Pali
Pali is an old language.

529 Preziosa
529 Preziosa is a minor planetbiting Sun.

530dot
530dot is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Han
Han   is an ethnic group from China.

Motorola RAZR V3
Motorola RAZR V3  is a thin clamshell cellular camera phone designed made by Motorola.

Babi Yar
Babi Yar is a ravine near Kiev in Ukraine.

Clea DuVall
Clea Helen D'Etienne DuVall  is an film television actress.

Ewan McGregor
Ewan Gordon McGregor (born March 31 1971; is a actor who has had a lot success in both mainstream indie films.

Patriarch Bartholomew Itinople
Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I (Greek: Οικουμενικός Πατριάρχης Βαρθολομαίος Α,: Patrik I.

Taxi Driver (movie)
"Taxi Driver" is a 1976 movie directed by Martin.

Patriarch Alexius II
Patriarch Alexius II  was Patriarch Moscow primate Orthodox Church.

Romeo + Juliet
"William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet" is an Academy Award nominated 1996 movie adaptation William Shakespeare's romantic tragedy "Romeo Juliet".

Paul Rudd
Paul Stephen Rudd  is an movie, television, stage actor.

Epithelium
Epithelium is four main types tissue in body animals.

Tibetan Buddhism
Tibetan Buddhism is body religious Buddhist teachings from Tibet.

Berlinale
The Berlinale, "Berlinational Film Festival", is world's leading film festivals held in Berlin,y.

531 Zerlina
531 Zerlina is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Tokio Hotel
Tokio Hotel is a pop-rock band.

Music genre
Music genres divide differents music into groups.

Toy Fox Terrier
The Toy Fox Terrier  is a terrier breed dogs.

New York Mets
The New York Mets are a baseball team who play in New York City, New York in Shea Stadium.

Bond market
The bond market  is a financial market where people buy sell debt securities, usually in bonds.

Security
Security means that is protected against danger loss.

Security (disambiguation)
Security is sense protection from hostile action.

Preonzo
Preonzo is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Pura,d
Pura is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

532 Herculina
532 Herculina " is a very asteroid, with a diameter around 225 km.

Duroplast
Duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixingica bakelite reinforced with fibres  glass fibres.

Will & Grace
"Will & Grace" is an Emmy winning comedy television show.

Ken Akamatsu
Ken Akamatsu  is a manga writer artist.

Will
William "Will" is a character from Will & Grace.

Grace Adler
Grace Elizabeth Adler is a character from Will & Grace played by Debra Messing.

Karen Walker
Kareney St.

Jackd
Jackd is a character from Will & Grace was played by Hayes.

533 Sara
533 Sara is a minor planetbiting Sun.

534 Nassovia
534 Nassovia is a minor planetbiting Sun.

535 Montague
535 Montague is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Pacific hurricane
A Pacific hurricane is a tropical cyclone thats in northeastern Pacific.

Plain Campaign
"Plain Campaign" Limited is a company based in United Kingdom.

Kilakarai
Kilakarai  is a panchayat town inathapuram district in state Tamil Nadu.

Bart Simpson
Bart Simpson is a fictional character in "The Simpsons".

536 Merapi
536 Merapi is a minor planetbiting Sun.

537 Pauly
537 Pauly is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Vajrayana
Vajrayana (Sanskrit: lit.

Alpha (letter)
Alpha , is letter Greek alphabet, for "a" sound in Ancient Greek.

Beta (letter)
Beta , is a letter Greek alphabet, [b] sound in Ancient Greek [v] in Greek.

Readability test
A Readability test is a way to measure a text for how easy it is to read.

Gamma
Gamma , is letter Greek alphabet, "g" sound in Ancient Greek.

Epsilon
Epsilon , is letter Greek alphabet, "e" sound in Ancient Greek.

Digamma
Digamma , is letter Greek alphabet, "w" sound in Ancient Greek.

Tom Kaulitz
Tom Kaulitz  is Tokio Hotel's guitarist.

Stigma (letter)
Stigma , is letter Greek alphabet, "st" sound in Ancient Greek.

Zeta
Zeta , is letter Greek alphabet, "z" sound in Ancient Greek.

Eta (letter)
Eta , is letter Greek alphabet, "e" sound in Ancient Greek.

Heta (letter)
Heta  is letter Greek alphabet "h" sound in Ancient Greek.

Theta
Theta , is letter Greek alphabet, "th" sound in Ancient Greek.

Iota
Iota , is letter Greek alphabet, "ee" sound in Ancient Greek.

Lambda
Lambda , is letter Greek alphabet, "l" sound in Ancient Greek.

Mu (letter)
Mu , is letter Greek alphabet, "m" sound in Ancient Greek.

Coat Arms Haiti
The coat arms Haiti was created in 1807, has appeared in its current since 19816.

Nu (letter)
Nu , is letter Greek alphabet, "n" sound in Ancient Greek.

Flag Haiti
The flag Haiti was adopted on February 25, 1986.

Xi
Xi , is letter Greek alphabet, "x" sound in Ancient Greek.

Omicron
Omicron , is letter Greek alphabet, "o" sound in Ancient Greek.

Pi (letter)
Pi , is letter Greek alphabet, "p" sound in Ancient Greek.

San (letter)
San , is letter Greek alphabet, "s" sound in Ancient Greek.

Sho (letter)
Sho , is letter Greek alphabet, "sh" sound in.

Qoppa
Qoppa  was a letter Greek alphabet.

Rho (letter)
Rho , is letter Greek alphabet, "r" sound in Ancient Greek.

Sigma (letter)
Sigma , is letter Greek alphabet, "s" sound in Ancient Greece.

Tau (letter)
Tau , is letter Greek alphabet, "t" sound in Ancient Greek.

Upsilon
Upsilon , is letter Greek alphabet, "u" sound in Ancient Greek "ee" in Greek.

Phi (letter)
Phi , is letter Greek alphabet, "ph" sound in Ancient.

Chi (letter)
Chi , is letter Greek alphabet, "ch" sound  in Ancient Greek.

Psi (letter)
Psi , is letter Greek alphabet, "ps" sound in Ancient Greek.

Omega
Omega , is letter Greek alphabet, "o" sound in Ancient Greek.

Sampi
Sampi , is letter Greek alphabet, "s" sound in Ancient Greek.

Alliteracy
The problem alliteracy is state being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.

L'Anse-aux-Meadows
L'anse aux Meadows is a historical settlement on islandd.

The Wealth Nations
"An Inquiry into Nature Causes Wealth Nations" is better known simply as "The Wealth Nations".

La Dessalinienne
"La Dessalinienne"  is national anthem Haiti, honoring-Jacques Dessalines.

Ai XIn Jue Luo
Aixinjueluo   was a recent traditional artist in both traditional paintings traditional music.

New Castle,a
New Castle is a city in Henry County,a, 44 miles  eastapolis, on Big Blue River.

Pop art
Pop art is a type art that was popular in 1960s 1950s.

Museum Art
The Museum Art  is a modern art museum in New York, New York, United States, on Street between Fifth Sixth Avenues.

538 Friederike
538 Friederike is a minor planetbiting Sun.

539 Pamina
539 Pamina is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Rankine scale
The Rankine scale is armodynamic  temperature scale.

Timpani/VGA stub
Timpani  are drums madee bowls that are usually made copper, over each which is stretched a skin-like material, to make is known as "drumhead".

540 Rosamunde
540 Rosamunde is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

High fidelity
High fidelity hi-fi is a way describing a quality home music system.

Derby,ire
Derby is a city in, county town,ire ind.

Stereo
Stereophonic sound, also simply called stereo, is reproduction sound using two more audio loudspeakers.

Ely,ire
Ely  is a cathedral city in Eastire districtire in eastd north north-east Cambridge.

Tube sound
Tube sound  is sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier.

Gamma (disambiguation)
Science Mathematics.

Iota (disambiguation)
Iota is ninth letter Greek alphabet.

Omega (disambiguation)
Omega is last letter in Greek alphabet.

Pi (disambiguation)
Pi, π, is mathematical constant equal to a circle's circumference divided by its diameter.

Sound recording
Sound recording is electrical mechanical inscription re-creation sound waves, usually for music.

Theta (disambiguation)
Theta is Greek letter, written "Θ"  "θ" .

Storage area network
A Storage area network  is a solution from computing.

Rings Saturn
The rings Saturn is rings around planet Saturn.

Network-attached storage
Network attached storage  is a solution from computing.

Republic Lakotah
A group Natives place wherey live Republic Lakotah.

Chanson
"Chanson" is French word for "song".

A-type asteroid
A-type asteroids are fairly uncommon closer asteroids that have a strong, broad 1 µm olivine feature a very reddish spectrumwards 0.7 µm.

C-type asteroid
C-type asteroids are asteroids made carbonates.

Marcus Aemilius Lepidus
Marcus Aemilius Lepidus  was a politician.

Chicago (disambiguation)
Chicago, Illinois is city in United States America.

Detention (school)
Detention is a punishment that is used in schools.

Lacrosse
Lacrosse, invented by Natives, is a popular team sport in North America a national summer sport for Canada.

Steve Reich
Steve Reich  is an composer music in style minimalism.

Heath Ledger
Heathcliff Andrew Ledger  was an Academy Award-nominated actor.

Exposure (photography)
In photography, exposure is two things.

Metropolitan Borough Bury
The Borough Bury is ten boroughs in metropolitan county Greater Manchester.

Politics present-day nations states
Countries with articles using Politics portal templateat .

Metic
In Ancient Greece, a metic  was a foreigner living in a Greek city-state .

Democracy in Athens
Democracy in Ancient Athens was very different from modern democracy.

Gucci
Gucci, is an fashion house .

Ghoul
A ghoul is a monster from ancient folklore.

Most Haunted
"Most Haunted" is a paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity.

List Most Haunted episodes
"Most Haunted" is a television programme based on a group paranormal investigators  going doing paranormal investigations places.

Yvette Fielding
Yvette Fielding  is an television presenter.

Anarchopedia
Anarchopedia is an online encyclopedia.

ASUS Eee PC
The ASUS Eee PC is a very laptop made by ASUS Intel.

Tutsan
Tutsan  is a deciduous bushy shrub with golden yellow flowers fruits are red berries which turn black when fully ripe are eaten spread by birds.

Telluride Bluegrass Festival
The Telluride Bluegrass Festival is an annual music festival held in Telluride, a town in state Colorado.

List current champions in WWE
The following is a list all current champions in World Wrestling Entertainment , as.

Non-governmentalganizations
A non-governmentalganization  is anganization which is created by private personsganizations which are not government.

Complutense University Madrid
The Complutense University Madrid  is oldest universities in world top public university in Spain.

Hydro power
Hydro power is power moving water to control certain machines.

Opera
"See Opera  forb browser." Opera is a drama set to music.

West Sussex
In 1974 old county Sussex was split into East Sussex West Sussex.

Avon (county)
Avon was a county in Southstd.

Hereford Worcester
Hereford Worcester was a county ind set up after 1974.

Humberside
Humberside was a non-metropolitan countyd.

Dave Farrell
David Michael Farrell , also known as Phoenix, is Linkin Park’s bassist backup vocalist.

Audi
Audi AG is a automobile manufacturer with headquarters in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, has been an almost wholly owned  subsidiary Volkswagen Group since 1964.

Armani
Armani, is an fashion house .

List Linux distributions
Debian-based.

Giorgioi
Giorgioi  is an fashion designer.

Calenzano
Calenzano is a "comune"  in province Florence in regiony.

Silk tree
Silk tree Albizia julibrissin is a species genus "Albizia" from southeast east Asia, from east to China Korea.

Corbin Bleu
"Corbin Bleu"  is an actor singer.

Lucas Grabeel
Lucas Grabeel  is an actor, singer songwriter.

Micrometre
A micrometre  is a unit length in SI measurement system.

541 Deborah
541 Deborah is a minor planetbiting Sun.

542na
542na is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

543 Charlotte
543 Charlotte is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Trochenbrod
Trochenbrod Trochinbrod in  was a shtetl  with an area 1,728 acres once located in is nowstern Ukraine, about 30 kilometers northeast Lutsk.

Judith
Judith is a women's given, which comes from Hebrew word Yəhûḏîṯ, meaning either "praised" "a woman from Judea".

544 Jetta
544 Jetta is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

545 Messalina
545 Messalina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

546 Herodias
546 Herodias is a C-type asteroidbiting in Main belt near Eunomia family.

547 Praxedis
547 Praxedis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

548 Kressida
548 Kressida is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Quinto,d
Quinto is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Rancate
Rancate is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Riva San Vitale
Riva San Vitale is a municipality district Mendrisioin canton Ticino ind.

Rivera (disambiguation)
Rivera is a surname beginnings that was old spelling "ribera", word for “riverbank”.

Rivera,d
Rivera is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Ronco sopra Ascona
Ronco sopra Ascona is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Rovio
Rovio is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

San Nazzaro,d
San Nazzaro is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Sant'Abbondio
Sant`Abbondio is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Sant'Antonino
Sant'Antonino is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Sant'Antonio
Sant'Antonio is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Savosa
Savosa is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Sementina
Sementina is a municipality district Bellinzona in canton Ticino ind.

Semione
Semione is a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Sessa
Sessa is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Sigirino
Sigirino is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Sobrio
Sobrio is a municipality district Leventina in canton Ticino ind.

Sonogno
Sonogno is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Sonvico
Sonvico is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Sorengo
Sorengo is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Lago dio
Lago dio is a lake in Ticino,d.

Nidfurn
Nidfurn is a village municipality in canton Glarus,d.

Leuggelbach
Leuggelbach is a village in canton Glarus,d.

Agra,d
Agra is a village in canton Ticino,d.

Gentilino
Gentilino is a village in canton Ticino,d.

Munro (disambiguation)
A Munro is any mountain with a height over 3,000 feet .

Miranda (Shakespeare)
In Shakespeare's play "The Tempest",da is daughter old Duke Prospero.

Homograph
A homograph is a group words that have same spelling but have different meanings.

Orlande de Lassus
Orlande de Lassus   was aco composer who lived in lastce.

Mons
Mons is a town in Belgium.

Hainaut (province)
Hainaut  is a province in Belgium.

549 Jessonda
549 Jessonda is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

550 Senta
550 Senta is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

551 Ortrud
551 Ortrud is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

552 Sigelinde
552 Sigelinde is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

553 Kundry
553 Kundry is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

554 Peraga
554 Peraga is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

555 Norma
555 Norma is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Kannur
Kannur is a district in Kerala state India.

New Kingdom
The New Kingdom, also called Empire, is period in ancient history between .

Moral Code Builder Communism
The Moral Code Builder Communism was a set twelve rules.

Wario
Wario is a character from Nintendos popular video game series Mario.

Iconoclasm
Iconoclasm is a a word.

United Church God
The United Church God is a movement inity.

Jewish wars
The wars is given to a number revolts Jews in Iudaea provive Empire.

Triple-Zero
Triple-Zero  is national hotline in Australia ifone has a emergency that is puttingmselves at danger being killed.

Districtsy
German districts  are administrative units used iny for local government.

List urban districts
This is a list urban districts iny'".

List rural districts
Germany is administrative districts.

Mary Id
Mary Id, usually known as Mary, Queen Scots , was Queen Scots from 14 December 1542 until 24 July 1567, when she was up her kingdom.

List administrative divisionsy
This is a list administrative divisionsy.

Jack Peñate
Jack Peñate  is a singer-songwriter musician, heratige, he is Recordings, record label.

Guillaume Dufay
Guillaume Dufay   was aco composer musicorist earlyce.

Upper Egypt
Upper Egypt is a narrow strip land on both sides Nile that extends from modern-day to area south modern-day Cairo.

Brandenburg an der Havel
Brandenburg an der Havel is a town in statedenburg,y.

Earl Hooker
Earl Hooker  was an blues guitarist.

556 Phyllis
556 Phyllis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Roma people
The Roma people are a nomadic ethnic group found mainly in Eurasia, but also in rest world.

Scrubland
Scrubland is plant community with scrub vegetation.

Lower Egypt
Lower Egypt is fertile Nile Delta region, which stretches from area between El-Aiyat Zawyetur, south modern-day Cairo, Sea.

Evelyn Barbirolli
Evelyn Barbirolli  was a famous oboist.

List cities iny with more than 100,000 inhabitants
This is a list cities iny with more than 100,000 inhabitants.

Regierungsbezirk
A "Regierungsbezirk" is a government regiony in federal states .

Joschka Fischer
Joseph Martin "Joschka" Fischer  was foreign minister Vicecellor in government Gerhard Schröder from 1998 to 2005.

557 Violetta
557 Violetta is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Flora family
The Flora family asteroids is a group S-type asteroids in closer main belt, whoseigin properties are notll understood right now.

558 Carmen
558 Carmen is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

559 Nanon
559 Nanon is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Tseax River Cone
The Tseax River Cone  is a cinder cone in Columbia, Canada.

Mike Dirnt
Mike Dirnt  is bass guitar player from punk rock band Green Day, he also sings back up vocals.

Tré Cool
Tré Cool  is a born drummer for punk band Green Day.

Plain White T's
Plain White T's are an alternative rock band from Chicago.

Suharto
Suharto  was an military political leader.

IG Farben
IG Farben , was a conglomerate companiesed in 1925- including BASF, AGFA Hoechst- even earlier during World War I.

Sukarno
Sukarno  was President Indonesia.

Cybele asteroid
The Cybele asteroids are a group asteroids in asteroid belt with anbital radius usually between 3.27 AU 3.7 AU, with anbital eccentricity than 0.3, an inclination than 25°.

Mettembert
Mettembert is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Montsevelier
Montsevelier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Movelier
Movelier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Pleigne
Pleigne is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Rebeuvelier
Rebeuvelier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Rossemaison
Rossemaison is a municipality district Delémont canton Jura ind.

Saulcy
Saulcy is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Soulce
Soulce is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Soyhières
Soyhières is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Screamo
Screamo is musical genre usually classified as a sound, which came from emo hardcore punk, in 1990's.

Comcast
Comcast Corporation is cable television company,et service provider telephone company in United States.

List victims Nazism
Millions peoplere arrested, tortured murdered by Nazis.

Volcanology
In geology, volcanology  is study volcanoes, lava, magma, other related geology.

Birmingham Small Armsy
The Birmingham Small Armsy  was a company that started making guns in century.

BSA Bantam
The BSA Bantam is a two-stroke motorcycle that was made by Birmingham Small Arms company from 1949 to 1972.

Caló
Calói is a dialect spoken bys Zincarli  that came from Spain.

Industrialization
Industrialization  is a process that happens in societies.

The Falling Man
The Falling Man is title a story about a photograph taken by Richard Drew at 9:41:15 a.m., on September 11, 2001.

Avon
United States.

560 Delila
560 Delila is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

561 Ingwelde
561 Ingwelde is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

562 Salome
562 Salome is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

AboutUs.org
AboutUs.org is a wikiet domain directory.

Wasi Muhammadi
Wasi Muhammadi  is presidentational Spiritual Movement-e-Islam.

Nile Delta
The Nile Delta  is deltaed in Egypt  where Nile River spreads drains into Sea.

Lotus position
The lotus position  is a cross-legged sitting position which is common in meditative practices Hinduism.

Polypropylene
Polypropylene is a type plastic.

Millau Viaduct
Millau Viaduct is ae bridge in Millau,ce, in Département Aveyron.

Shemale
Shemale  is a person who appears to be female, having both breasts male sexgan.

563 Suleika
563 Suleika is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

564 Dudu
564 Dudu is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

565 Marbachia
565 Marbachia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Kaiser Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche
The Kaiser Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche "Thet Emperor William Memorial Church" is a ruined church in Berlin.

Catherine Zeta-Jones
Catherine Zeta-Jones  is an Academy Award-winning actress living in United States.

John Bodkin Adams
John Bodkin Adams  was a doctor, fraudster suspected serial killer.

Alex Andrew Kelly
Alexander Andrew Kelly  is an from Darien, Connecticut, who was convicted rape in 1997.

Dr. Phil (TV series)
"Dr.

Phil McGraw
Phillip Calvin McGraw , known as Dr.

Miss USA
The Miss USA pageant is a beauty contest that has been held every year since 1952, with winners competing in Miss Universe pageant.

Team Rocket
Team rocket is a gang thieves in TV series Pokémon.

The Wife Bath's Prologue Tale
"The Wife Bath's Prologue Tale" is a story fromll known book "The Canterbury Tales".

566 Stereoskopia
566 Stereoskopia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Azureus
"Azureus Vuze"  is a Java-based BitTorrent sharing.

Stabio
Stabio is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Tegna
Tegna is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Justin Tsin
Justin Tsin is a child author.

Tenero-Contra
Tenero-Contra is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Torre,d
Torre was a municipality district Blenio in canton Ticino ind.

Girolamo Savonarola
Girolamo Savonarola ,was an priest leader Florence from 1494 until his execution in 1498.

Crepe myrtle
The common crepe mirtle was introduced in South Carolina by Andre Michaux.

Torricellae
Torricellae is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Tremona
Tremona is a municipality district Mendrisio in canton Ticino ind.

Valcolla
Valcolla is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Vergeletto
Vergeletto is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Vernate,d
Vernate is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Verscio
Verscio is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Vezia
Vezia is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Vico Morcote
Vico Morcote is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Villa
Villa is a municipality districto in canton Ticino ind.

Vira (Gambarogno)
Vira is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Vogorno
Vogorno is a municipality district Locarno in canton Ticino ind.

Lago di Vogorno
Lago di Vogorno is a lake near Tenero, in Ticino,d.

Alt St.n
Alt St.

567 Eleutheria
567 Eleutheria is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

568 Cheruskia
568 Cheruskia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

569 Misa
569 Misa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Mika Pohjola
Mika Pohjola  is a jazz pianist composer.

Zug
Zug is a town at northeastern corner Lake Zug.

BitTorrent
BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer program developed by Bram Cohen BitTorrent, Inc.

List BitTorrent clients
A BitTorrent client is a program that downloads files using BitTorrent protocol.

Bali Nine
The Bali Nine is given to nine citizens arrested on April 17, 2005, in Denpasar on island Bali, Indonesia.

570 Kythera
570 Kythera is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

571 Dulcinea
571 Dulcinea is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

572 Rebekka
572 Rebekka is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

573 Recha
573 Recha is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

574 Reginhild
574 Reginhild is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Eunuch
A eunuch is a castrated man.

Antares Telescope
The ANTARES Experiment is a telescope that is built at bottom Sea.

Čerenkov radiation
The Cherenkov effect is an effect in physics discovered by Pavel Alekseyevich Čerenkov.

List towns
Complete list 2,073 cities iny  Only municipalities with independent administration that have "Stadtrecht"  are included.

Foot-pound force
The foot-pound force , simply foot-pound , is a unit energy also a unit torque.

Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach
Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach  is a municipality district Konolfingen in canton Bern ind.

Büren (district)
The district Büren is a district Swiss canton Bern.

Budai
Budai  Budai, pronounced Hotei in, also known as "Laughing Buddha", is person who might be next Buddha after Gautama Buddha.

Juroujin
In, Juroujin , also known as Gama, is Seven Lucky Gods, according to Taoist beliefs.

Source code
In computer programming, source code is a text file version a program that contains instructions to be understood by humans a compiler program a shell.

Legendary Pokémon
In each "Pokémon" video game,re are a number legendary Pokémon.

Gilles Binchois
Gilles Binchois , was aco composer.

Ekans
Ekans is a character in anime video game series called Pokémon.

Charmeleon
Charmeleon is a character in anime video game series called Pokémon.

Squirtle
Squirtle is a character in series, Pokémon, which has a TV show, games, more.

John Dunstaple
John Dunstaple Dunstable  was an composer who lived in last medieval era earlyce.

Equals sign
The equal sign, equals sign, "=" is a mathematical symbol equality.

Crimean War
The War , also called War , was a war fought between Russiace, United Kingdom, Kingdom Sardinia Empire on other side.

Homophobia
Homophobia is fear poor treatment homosexuals.

Tickle
To tickle is to lightly scratch, touch, rubonething to makem laugh.

English Springeriel
The Springeriel is a dog breed hunters getir animals.

Ottawa Hills, Ohio
Ottawa Hills is a village in Ohio, United States.

Congo River
The Congo River  is river in Central Africa.

Breast reduction
Breast reduction is a plastic surgery to make human breasts.

Bachelor Arts
Bachelor Arts is a college degree.

575 Renate
575 Renate is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

576uela
576uela is an asteroidbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

577 Rhea
577 Rhea is a minor planetbiting sun in asteroid belt.

578 Happelia
578 Happelia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

579 Sidonia
579 Sidonia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

580 Selene
580 Selene is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Izanami
Izanami is a goddess both creation death in mythology.

Computer architecture
In computer engineering, computer architecture is conceptual design fundamental operational structure a computer system.

Mary Harrison McKee
Mary Scott Harrison McKee  was lady to her father, President Benjamin Harrison.

Zella-Mehlis
Zella-Mehlis is a town in Schmalkalden Meinigen district, in Thuringia,y.

Port Said
Port Said (Arabic بورسعيد, is an city near Suez Canal, with a population about 500,000.

Food processing
Food processing means ways that are raw ingredients into food so thaty can be eaten by humans animals.

Sixty
Sixty is a number.

Seventy-two
Seventy-two is a number.

CN Tower
The CN Tower is a communications tourist tower in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Freiburg im Breisgau
Freiburg is a city in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Baden-Baden
Baden-Baden is a town in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Coburg
Coburg is a town located on Itz River in Bavaria,y.

Görlitz
Görlitz  is a town iny on river Neisse, in "Bundesland"  Saxony, opposite town Zgorzelec.

Pewter City Gym
Pewter City Gym is a gym in Pokémon TV series video games.

Visual spectrum
The visible spectrum  is electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to human eye.

Lugia
Lugia is a fictional Pokémon species from "Pokémon" anime video game series.

Ho-oh
Ho-oh is a character in Pokémon TV series video games.

Aach, Baden-Württemberg
Aach is a town in state Baden-Württemberg.

Aach,d-Palatinate
Aach is a municipality in stated-Palatinate.

Zapdos
Zapdos is a character from Pokémon TV series video games.

Moltres
Moltres is a character from Pokémon TV series video games.

Joachimsthal,denburg
Joachimsthal is a town in district Barnim, indenburg,y.

Pieter Brueghel Elder
Pieter Brueghel Elder (c.

Bad Tölz
Bad Tölz is a town in Bavaria,y, capital district Bad Tölzausen.

Chris Brown (entertainer)
Christopher Maurice Brown , is an pop R&B singer, dancer, actor.

Bernau bei Berlin
Bernau bei Berlin  is a city in Barnim district.

Bad Reichenhall
Bad Reichenhall is a spa town, capital Berchtesgadener Land district in Upper Bavaria,y.

Demmin
Demmin  is a town in Mecklenburgia,y.

Red Army
The Red Army was army Union Soviet Socialist Republics.

Nienburg, Lower Saxony
Nienburg is a town capital district Nienburg, in Lower Saxony,y.

Querfurt
Querfurt a town in Saalekreis district  in south Saxony-Anhalt,y, situated in a fertile country one,st from Merseburg, on a branch line from Oberroblingen.

Saab 35 Draken
The Saab 35 Draken  is a fighter aircraft made by Saab.

Departments Haiti
Haiti is departments .

581 Tauntonia
581 Tauntonia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Turquoise
Turquoise is an opaque, blueish-green mineral.

582 Olympia
582 Olympia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Yotsuya
Yotsuya is famous ghoststory all time.

Albrecht Dürer
Albrecht Dürer  was a painter, engraver mathematician.

583 Klotilde
583 Klotilde is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

584 Semiramis
584 Semiramis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

El Greco
El Greco  was a painter, sculptor, architectce.

George Byron
George Gordon Byron, Baron Byron , is commonly known as Lord Byron.

Greek War Independence
The Greek War Independence , also commonly known as Greek Revolution, was a war by Greeks who won independence for Greece from Empire.

Ronald Sinclair
Ronald Sinclair , born Richard Arthur Houldtimes called Ra Hould Ron Sinclair, was a child actor from Newd, who became a film editor.

Affoltern im Emmental
Affoltern im Emmental is a municipality district Trachselwald in canton Bern ind.

Albligen
Albligen  is a municipality district Schwarzenburg in canton Bern ind.

Alchenstorf
Alchenstorf is a municipality district Burgdorf in canton Bern ind.

Allmendingen bei Bern
Allmendingen bei Bern is a municipality district Konolfingen in canton Bern ind.

Amsoldingen
Amsoldingen is a municipality district Thun in canton Bern ind.

John Maynard Keynes
John Maynard Keynes, Baron Keynes, CB  was a economist whose ideas, called economics, had a impact on modern economic politicalory asll as on many governments' tax economic policies.

American robin
The Robin  is a migratory songbird thrush family, "Turdidae".

New Age music
New Age music is a type music which isten Age belief.

Write Once Read Many
Write Once Read Many  WORM is a classification computer storage media.

Charles-Marie Widor
Charles-Marie Widor  was a Frenchganist composer.

Marcel Dupré
Marcel Dupré , was a Frenchganist, composer, teacher.

Paul Hindemith
Paul Hindemith , (born Hanau nr.

Louise
Louise  was a famous Frenchganist composer.

Jehan Alain
Jehan Alain  was a Frenchganist composer.

Shame
Shame is an emotion.

Moulin Rouge
Moulin Rouge  is a traditional cabaret nightclub which began in 1889.

Henri Matisse
Henri Matisse  was an artist fromce.

AFI's 100 Years Musicals
Part AFI 100 Years...

Abu Nuwas
Abu-Nuwas al ben Hani al-Hakami , Abū-Nuwās, was a great Arabic poet.

Montmartre
Montmartre is a hill 130 metres high is also district which surrounds hill.

Arnaut Danièl
Arnaut Danièl wrote performed music poetry in century.

Cabaret
Cabaret is a entertainment featuring comedy, song, dance,atre, caberets are mainly performed in a restaurant nightclub with a stage for performances audience sitting at tables  watching performance.

Fox Studios Australia
Fox Studios Australia is a major movie studio located in Sydney, Australia.

Thomas Aquinas
Thomas Aquinas,  was an Catholic priest from Italy.

Craig Pearce
Craig Pearce is an actor screenwriter.

Donald McAlpine
Donald McAlpine is an cinematographer.

Herbert Howells
Herbert Howells  was an composer,ganist, teacher.

Jill Bilcock
Jill Bilcock (b.

Ville Mönkkönen
Ville Mönkkönen, born in 1983, is a painter PC game programmer.

Jim Broadbent
James Broadbent  is an Academy Award-, Golden Globe- BAFTA-winningatre, movie television actor.

John Leguizamo
John Leguizamo  is an Emmy Award-winning Golden Globe-nominated/Puerto comedian, actor producer.

Nut (fruit)
A nut is a very dry seed fruit plants.

Richard Roxburgh
Richard Roxburgh  is an actor.

Speed sound
The speed sound is per hour per in dry air.

Notrium
"Notrium" is a freeware video game for PC.

Phase (matter)
A phase is a set states with same make-up properties, density.

Sigfrid Karg-Elert
Sigfrid Karg-Elert  was a composer.

Louis-Claude Daquin
Louis-Claude Daquin  was a French composer birth.

John Bull (composer)
John Bull  was an composer, musician,gan builder.

Poliomyelitis
Poliomyelitis polio is a serious virus that causes a disease.

Dystopia
A Dystopia is opposite a Utopia, can mean a Utopia that has become corrupt.

Centre Department
Centre is ten departments  Haiti.

Burj Dubai
Burj Dubai "Dubai Tower" is a very tall  skyscraper being built in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Aswan Dam
The Dam Low Dam is a dam on Nile River.

Billboard (magazine)
"Billboard" is an magazine that lists top albums singlesek.

Tom Brosseau
Thomas Anderson "Tom" Brosseau  is an singer-songwriter guitarist.

The Strokes
The Strokes are an banded in 1998.

Henry Head Battery
The Henry Head bunker is found on La Perouse side inlet toy Bay near edge a cliff that drops down into ocean on Henry Head, La Perouse, New South Wales, Australia.

Georges Head Battery
The Georges Head Fort is located on Georges Head, in suburb in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

Virgin Records
Virgin Records is a record label.

Death Cab for Cutie
Death Cab for Cutie  is an indie band.

Dave Matthews Band
Dave Matthews Band  is a band from United States.

585 Bilkis
585 Bilkis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Fuzûlî
Fużūlī  was pen poet Muhammad bin  (c.

Suleiman Magnificent
Suleiman I  , was Empire.

Kālidāsa
Kālidās , was author "Meghadoot", "Shākuntal", other works in Sanskrit.

Watergan
The watergan hydraulicgan is a pipegan.

Pizza Hut
Pizza Hut is a pizza restaurant, pizza parlor.

Intersection
An intersection is where two more roads come together.

586 Thekla
586 Thekla is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Chrysalis
A chrysalis is pupa a butterfly.

Artibonite Department
Artibonite is ten departments  Haiti.

Bohemianism
The word was used in Paris to mean a Gypsy because many people thought that Gypsies came from Bohemia.

Henry Willis
Henry Willis  was a builder pipegans.

Drug addiction
A drug addiction is a craving, strong wantthing, that is impossible to control.

Aristide Cavaillé-Coll
Aristide Cavaillé-Coll  was a Frenchgan builder.

Gottfriedn
Gottfriedn  was a very important builder keyboard instruments.

Gulf Gonâve
Gulf Gonâve  is ae gulf alongstern coast Haiti, at.

Arp Schnitger
Arp Schnitger  was a very important builder pipegans.

Hello Kitty
Hello Kitty is a character a cat.

Herman's Hermits
Herman's Hermitsre a rock band fromd.

Grand'Anse Department
Grand'Anse is ten departments  Haiti.

Nippes Department
Nippes is ten departments  Haiti.

Lara Veronin
Lara Veronin is a singer born on 2 May 1988.

587 Hypsipyle
587 Hypsipyle is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Super Girl
"Super Girl" (; "lit.

Voluntary (music)
In music a voluntary is a piece music, usually forgan, which is played as a church service.

Aalen
Aalen  is a town in state Baden-Württemberg.

Bad Wörishofen
Bad Wörishofen is a spa town in district Unterallgäu, Bavariay.

Bürgermeister
The word Burgermeisterten spelled in english as "Burgomaster" "Burgomeister" means "master citizens".

Area codes iny
Area codes iny  for telephones have two to five digits, not counting zero.

German car number plates
German car number plates  show place where car carryingm is registered.

588 Achilles
588 Achilles is an asteroid found on February 22, 1906 by astronomer Max Wolf.

589 Croatia
589 Croatia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Mwai Kibaki
Mwai Kibaki  is currently president Kenya.

Socialistational
The Socialistational is a worldwide group social democratic labour politicalies.

ISO 3166-1 alpha-3
ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes are three-letter country codes in ISO 3166-1 standard to represent countries dependent territories.

Bellows
A bellows isthing that blows air into a opening inder to makething work.

1999 Chi-Chi earthquake
Chi-Chi earthquake, also known as 921 earthquake, was an earthquake in central.

Visibility
"Visibility" is a word used in meteorology.

Lothar Bisky
Lothar Bisky  was chairman Left Party.PDS, a socialist politicaly with its base in easty.

Louis-Nicolas Clérambault
Louis-Nicolas Clérambault  was a Frenchganist composer.

Blizzard
A blizzard is ae winter storm.

Nord Department
Nord  is ten departments  Haiti.

Apache HTTP Server
Apache HTTP Server, also called Apache, is ab server notable for helping growth World Wide Web.

Nord-Est Department
Nord-Est  is ten departments  Haiti.

Samuel Wesley
Samuel Wesley  was anganist composer Samuel Wesley was son Methodist hymn-writer Charles Wesley, grandson poet Samuel Wesley nephew John Wesley, founder Methodist church.

Nord-Ouest Department
Nord-Ouest  is ten departments  Haiti.

Apache
Apache is a for a couple culturally related groups Natives in United States.

Samuel Wesley
Samuel Wesley  was anganist composer.

Quickborn (Kreis Pinneberg)
Quickborn is a town in district Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein,y.

Quickborn, Dithmarschen
Quickborn is a municipality in district Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein,y.

Iguana
Iguana is a type lizard that lives in tropical areas Central South America.

La bohème
"La bohème" is an opera by Giacomo Puccini.

La traviata
"La traviata" is an opera in three acts is written by Giuseppe Verdi.

Dil Se
"Dil Se" " is a 1998 Hindi movie.

Mani Ratnam
Mani Ratnam   is a Tamil film director, writer producer.

Chris Fehn
Christopher Michael Fehn  is an musician Percussionist for band Slipknot.

Brian Jacques
Brian Jacques  is an author.

Cave Story
is a freeware video game released in 2004 for PC.

Courtney Love
Courtney Michelle Love  is an rock musician Golden Globe-nominated actress.

Ouest Department
Ouest  is ten departments  Haiti.

Sud Department
Sud  is ten departments  Haiti.

Sud-Est Department
Sud-Est  is ten departments  Haiti.

Earth Angel
Earth Angel is a 1950s love song by Penguins.

Xanten
Xanten  is a historic town in Wesel district North Rhine-Westphalia statey.

John Lee Hooker
John Lee Hooker  was an blues singer, guitarist, songwriter born in Coahoma County near Clarksdale, Mississippi.

Son House
Eddie James "Son" House, Jr.

John Hurt
"Mississippi" John Smith Hurt  was an blues singer guitarist.

Biopsy
A biopsy is a test in medicine where doctors remove cells look atm closely under a microscope do chemical analysis to see whetherre is an illness.

Jake Gyllenhaal
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  is an Academy Award-nominated actor.

Achern
Achern  is a city in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Adelsheim
Adelsheim is a town in northern Baden-Württemberg, about 30 km north Heilbronn.

Aichtal
Aichtal is a town in district Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Albstadt
Albstadt is a city in districtalbkreis in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Alpirsbach
Alpirsbach is a town in district Freudenstadt, Baden-Württemberg,y.

Altensteig
Altensteig is a town in district Calw Baden-Württemberg,y.

Asperg
Asperg is a town in district Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg,y.

Aulendorf
Aulendorf is a town in district Ravensburg, in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Hannaha
"Hannaha" is a 2006 Disneynel television series.

Ruby
Ruby is a type precious stone.

Scramjet
Scramjet is an jet engine.

Pulse jet engine
A pulse jet engine is a very simple internal combustion engine where combustion happens in pulses.

Stronger (Kanye West song)
"Stronger" is a 2007 song by Kanye West.

590 Tomyris
590 Tomyris is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

591 Irmgard
591 Irmgard is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

592 Bathseba
592 Bathseba is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Good Eats
Good Eats is an TV series shown by Food Network.

Fame (David Bowie song)
Fame is a song by David Bowie.

Chiyoda
Chiyoda（Japanese:千代田区　ちよだく）is 23 special wards Tokyo.

Pianola
The pianola , also called player piano, is a piano which has a pneumatic mechanism so that it can play by itself.

Sewing machine
A sewing machine is fabric together with thread.

Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck
Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck  was a Dutch composerganist.

Hundred Years' War
The Hundred Years' War was fought betweenced during late Middle Ages.

Isabeau Bavaria
Isabeau Bavaria (c.

Cockroach
The cockroach is a type insect that has many species isten considered a pest to humans.

Antiism
Antiism is hostility toward prejudice against people, culture Republic Armenia, which can range in expression from individual persecution.

Istanbul pogrom
Thebul Pogrom was a pogrom directed primarily againstbul's Greek minority on September 6 7, 1955.

Murad Gumen
Murad Gumen is a cartoonist, animator.

Gossip Girl
"Gossip Girl" is an television teen drama based on popular novel series same written by Cecily von Ziegesar.

Lenedra
Lenedra Øien  is a singer model for FHM magazine, asll as for lad's mags Lek Cats.

Backnang
Backnang is a town iny, ind Baden-Württemberg , northeast Stuttgart.

Bad Buchau
Bad Buchau is a town in district Biberach, Baden-Württemberg,y.

Bad Dürrheim
Bad Dürrheim is a town in district Schwarzwald-Baar, in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Eevee
Eevee is a character in TV series Pokémon Pokémon games.

Badall
Badall is a town with about 18.000 inhabitants.

List postal codes iny
Postal codes iny,  (plural Postleitzahlen, have five numbers.

Blizzard Entertainment
Blizzard Entertainment is an video game maker publisher.

9-9-9
9-9-9 999  is emergency telephone number for emergency services in United Kingdomd.

Bad Herrenalb
Bad Herrenalb is a town in district Calw, in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Bad Krozingen
Bad Krozingen is a spa town in district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, in Baden-Württemberg,y.

593ia
593ia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

The Blue Man Group
The Blue Man Group is a band that was made in 1980s.

Shane McMahon
Shanedon McMahon  is son World Wrestling Entertainment, Vince McMahon.

Plateau
A plateau is an area raised land that is flat on top.

Cervical cancer
Cervical cancer is cancer cervix cervical area that can result in death.

Widow
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died.

Broccoli
Broccoli is a plant.

WWE Armageddon
WWE Armageddon is a Pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment since 1999.

Hannah Murray
Hannah Murray  is an actress.

Larissa Wilson
Larissa Wilson  is an actress.

University Toledo
The University Toledo is a public university in Toledo, Ohio.

April Pearson
April Janet Pearson  is an actress.

Pio Baroja
Pío Baroja y Nessi  was a writer.

Cassie (Skins character)
Cassandra "Cassie" is a fictional character in television series "Skins".

The Puppy Bowl
The Puppy Bowl is a show on Animalet that airs once each year before Super Bowl.

Animalet
"Animalet" is a television channel that is mainly about human animal relationships.

Amberg
Amberg is a town in Bavaria,y.

The Killers (band)
The Killers are an rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sufjan Stevens
Sufjan Stevens   is an singer-songwriter musician from Petoskey,.

Greifswald
Greifswald isficially known as "Universitäts- und Hansestadt Greifswald", which means "University Hanseatic Town Greifswald". is a town in northeasterny.

Neubrandenburg
Neubrandenburg  is a city in Mecklenburg,y.

Stal Mielec
Stal Mielec is a football club from Mielec.

Britpop
Britpop is a type alternative rock that started in United Kingdom.

594 Mireille
594 Mireille is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

List red-light districts
A list red-light districts.

Red-light district
A red-light district is a place where prostitution is legal seen with tolerance.

Panic at Disco
Panic at Disco  is a rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.

Pretty. Odd.
"Pretty.

595 Polyxena
595 Polyxena is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Nine inoon
"Nine inoon" is single from album by Panic at Disco, "Pretty.

596 Scheila
596 Scheila is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

A Fever You Can't Sweat Out
"A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" is album made by rock band, Panic at Disco.

Brendon Urie
Brendon Boyd Urie (b.

597 Bandusia
597 Bandusia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Ryan Ross
George Ross III (b.

Brent Wilson
Brent Wilson is bassist for rock band, Panic at Disco.

I Write Sins Not Tragedies
"I Write Sins Not Tragedies" is single by rock band Panic at Disco, fromir album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" .

Aesculus glabra
"Aesculus glabra" Ohio buckeye is a type tree.

But It's Better If You Do
"But It's Better If You Do" is single by Panic at Disco, fromir album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" .

Lying Is Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off
"Lying Is Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off" is single by rock band Panic at Disco, fromir album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out".

Jon Walker
Jonathan Jacob Walker (b.

Spencer Smith
Spencer James Smith V  is drummer for rock band Panic at Disco.

Live Session EP
"Live Session EP" is an EP released by rock band Panic at Disco on June 13, 2006.

The Only Difference Between Martyrdom Suicide Is Press Coverage
"The Only Difference Between Martyrdom Suicide Is Press Coverage", alsoened to "The Only Difference" for radio plays ease, is a song written by Ross for Panic at Disco's debut, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out".

Build God, Then We'll Talk
"Build God, Then We'll Talk" is lastficial single, written by Ross, from Panic at Disco's 2005 album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out", including radio-only single "The Only Difference Between Martyrdom Suicide Is Press Coverage".

598 Octavia
598 Octavia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

599 Luisa
599 Luisa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Fueled by Ramen
Fueled by Ramen is an independent record label started by John Janick Vinnie Fiorello  in August 1996 in Gainesville, Florida.

Decaydance Records
Decaydance Records is vanity label Pete Wentz, Patrick Stump  Travis McCoy .

RIAA certification
In United States, Recording Industry Association America awards certification based on number albums singles sold through retail otherary stores.

Sound Tribe Sector Nine
"Sound Tribe Sector Nine" is a United States band from Santa Cruz, California.

600 Musa
600 Musa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Stralsund
Stralsund is a city in Mecklenburg,y, situated at southern coast Strelasund .

601 Nerthus
601 Nerthus is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Hyper engine
The hyper engine was a possible aircraft engine model that could produce 1 horsepower per cubic inch engine displacement.

Autofeather
Autofeather is a feature engines on turboprop piston engine aircraft.

Argus As 014
The Argus As 014 was a pulse jet engine used on V-1 flying bomber World War II.

List aircraft engines
Piston engines.

Inductor
An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits because magnetic charge.

602na
602na is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Charles IVce
Charles IV , was Kingce Navarre  Count Champagne from 1322 to his death.

Philip VIce
Philip VI , called "the Fortunate" was Kingce from 1328 to his death.

Financial endowment
A financial endowment is money given tothing to be saved in an investment.

603dra
603dra is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

604 Tekmessa
604 Tekmessa is a planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

605 Juvisia
605 Juvisia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Lisa Simpson
Lisa Marie Simpson is a character in animated television series "The Simpsons".

Farida Mammadova
Farida Mammadova  is ani historian who specialises in history ancientia.

Ibadi
Al-Ibādhiyyah  is a Islam.

German Workers Party
The Workers' Party , was a politicaly iny just after World War I.

Cary, North Carolina
Cary is city in Wake County, North Carolina, United States.

Cary nc
Cary, North Carolina .

Sultan Ahmed Mosque
The Ahmed Mosque is a mosque inbul, Turkey.

Shah Mosque
Shah Mosque  is a mosque in ,.

Löbau-Zittau Rural District
Löbau-Zittau  is a "Kreis"  in east Free State Saxony,y.

Apex, North Carolina
Apex is a town in U.S.

Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis Rural District
The Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis  is easternmost "Kreis"  Free State Saxonyy.

Luís de Camões
Luís Vaz de Camões (c.

Kamenz Rural District
Kamenz  is a Landkreis  in north-east Free State Saxony,y.

Emerald Isle, North Carolina
Emerald Isle is a town on coast North Carolina, United States.

Theobromine
Theobromine is a chemical substance, also known as xantheose It is an alkaloid.

Black tea
Black tea is a tea.

Bautzen Rural District
Bautzen  is a district in Free State Saxony iny.

Gyrobus
A gyrobus is a special bus which doesn't use a normal engine.

Decaffeination
Decaffeination is a process.

Dresdenment Region
Dresden is three Regierungsbezirke Free State Saxony,y, located in south-east state.

Holly Springs, North Carolina
Holly Springs is a town in North Carolina, United States.

Gaustadt
Gaustadt is a district Bamberg.

Super Tuesday
In United States, Super Tuesday commonly refers to Tuesday in early February March a presidential election year when greatest number states hold primary elections to select delegates to national conventions at which eachy's presidential candidates areficially nominated.

Brauerei Kaiserdom
The Brauerei Kaiserom  is a brewery in Gaustadt, a quarter Bamberg,y.

Cleveland (disambiguation)
Cleveland is a number places around world, also people.

Freiberg Rural District
Freiberg is a rural district in Free State Saxony, in countryy.

Mulda
Mulda is a municipality Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony,y.

Dorfchemnitz
Dorfchemnitz is a municipality Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony,y.

Jodie
Jodie Louisa,  is an glamour model TV-personality.

Frankenstein, Saxony
Frankenstein is a municipality in Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony,y.

Trashware
Trashware is a computer system that was built using hardware from many other computer.

Yearbook
A yearbook is a book that students get wheny graduate from school .

Mario Gómez
Mario Gomez  is a footballer.

Tim Borowski
Tim Borowski  is a footballer.

Marcell Jansen
Marcell Jansen  is a footballer.

Arne Friedrich
Arne Friedrich  is a footballer.

Oliver Neuville
Oliver Neuville  is a footballer.

Thomas Hitzlsperger
Thomas Hitzlsberger  is a footballer from VfB Stuttgart.

Mike Hanke
Mike Hanke  is a footballer.

Gerald Asamoah
Gerald Asamoah  is a footballer.

Clemens Fritz
Clemens Fritz  is a footballer.

Simon Rolfes
Simon Rolfes  is a footballer.

Paul Freier
Paul Freier  is a footballer.

Jan Schlaudraff
Jan Schlaudraff  is a footballer.

Riesa-Großenhain Rural District
Riesa-Großenhain is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

House Valois
The House Valois was a younger branch dynasty that ruledce in late Middle Agesce from 1328 to 1529.

Salic law
The Salic law was a set laws established by King Clovis I forks during century.

606gäne
606gäne is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Alizée
Alizée Jacotey  is a French singer.

607 Jenny
607 Jenny is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

608 Adolfine
608 Adolfine is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

609 Fulvia
609 Fulvia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

610 Valeska
610 Valeska is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

The Scarlet Letter
"The Scarlet Letter" is a book byiel Hawthorne.

Uetersen
Uetersen  is a city in district Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein,y.

New York City Subway
The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system that is in New York City, United States.

Fundamentalism
Fundamentalism is a term that can have different meanings.

Agostino Carracci
Agostino Carracci  was an painter printmaker.

Vogtlandkreis Rural District
Thedkreis is a "Landkreis"  in southwest Free State Saxony,y, at borders to Thuringia, Bavaria, Czech Republic.

Zwickauer Land Rural District
Zwickauer Land is a Landkreis  in south-west Free State Saxony,y.

Chemnitzer Land Rural District
Chemnitzer Land is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

611 Valeria
611 Valeria is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Meißen Rural District
Meißen is a district  in Free State Saxony,y.

Sächsische Schweiz Rural District
The Sächsische Schweiz  is a rural district  in south Free State Saxony,y.

Weißeritzkreis Rural District
The Weißeritzkreis is a district  in south Free State Saxony,y.

Sächsische Schweiz (tourism)
Sächsische Schweiz means "Saxond" in english.

Epic
The "Epic" is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia is earliest works literary fiction ever known.

Sorbian language
The languages are a Slavic branch Indo languages.

Bautzen
Bautzen, Upper: Budyšin Lower: "Budyšyn";) is a city in eastern Saxony,y, capital Bautzen Rural District.

Jim Root
James "Jim" Root  is an musician.

Ghetto
'Ghetto' derive from "getto", term for casting.

Extremeip Wrestling (WWE)
Extremeip Wrestling  is a professional wrestling brand World Wrestling Entertainment , based on independent Extremeip Wrestling promotion that lasted from 1992 to 2001.

YHWH
For people YHWH is holy God, as written in ancient Hebrew language.

Oriana Fallaci
Oriana Fallaci  was an journalist, author, political interviewer.

612 Veronika
612 Veronika is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Solange Knowles
Solange Piaget Knowles-Smith  is an actress younger sister Beyonce Knowles.

613 Ginevra
613 Ginevra is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

614 Pia
614 Pia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Jessie Redmon Fauset
Jessie Redmon Fauset  was an editor, poet, essayist novelist.

Ruins
Ruins ares buildings that are left aftery have been destroyed cannot be properly used any more.

Annaberg Rural District
Annaberg is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

615 Roswitha
615 Roswitha is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Golden age
Golden Age is an expression  that people use wheny are talking writing about a time that is past, when everything.

616 Elly
616 Elly is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

617 Patroclus
617 Patroclus " is a binary minor planet made up two similarly-sized objectsbitingir common centre gravity.

Aue-Schwarzenberg Rural District
Aue-Schwarzenberg is a rural district in Free State Saxony, in countryy.

Delitzsch Rural District
Delitzsch is a rural district in Free State Saxony,y.

Sweeney Todd, Demon Barber Fleet Street
"Sweeney Todd, Demon Barber Fleet Street" is a Tony Award-winning musical with a book by Hugh Wheeler music lyrics by Stephen Sondheim.

WayOutWest Records
WayOutWest also manage a number bands solo artists, such as Cascade Mountain Boys.

McFly (band)
McFly is a pop rock band who became famous in 2004.

The Maccabees
The Maccabees are a indie band based in Brighton.

Amy Diamond
Amy Linnéa Deasismont, known as Amy Diamond,  is a singer.

Marija Šerifović
Marija Šerifović  is a singer who won Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 with ballad Molitva, which was sung in.

Bo'az Ma'uda
Boaz Mauda, born November 1, 1987 in Elyakim, Israel, is a singer Pop Idol winner.

Rebeka Dremelj
Rebeka Dremelj, born July 25,1980 in Brežice, Slovenia is a singer a upcoming Eurovision Song Contest 2008 contestant.

Chemnitzment Region
Chemnitz is three Regierungsbezirke Free State Saxony,y, found in south-west state.

InSuggest
inSuggest is a World Wide Web service, which gives suggestions based on users' taste interest.

Prescription
A prescription is a given by a doctor to a patient inder to get special medicine,ten very strong, that cannot be bought normally from a pharmacy.

Harold
Harold  was a general practitioner  serial killer.

Clinic
A clinic is a medical facility that gives health care for patients in an area.

Döbeln Rural District
Döbeln is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

Leipzigment Region
Leipzig is three Regierungsbezirke Free State Saxony,y, located in north-west country.

Fra Angelico
Fra Angelico (c.

618 Elfriede
618 Elfriede is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Milwaukee Brewers
The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

619 Triberga
619 Triberga is a main belt asteroid.

620 Drakonia
620 Drakonia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Giorgio Vasari
Giorgio Vasari, , was an painter, architect writer.

Dziecinów (Otwock County)
Dziecinów is a village ind in Masovia voivodship.

621di
621di is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

622 Esther
622 Esther is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

623 Chimaera
623 Chimaera is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Leipziger Land Rural District
Leipziger Land is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

Muldentalkreis Rural District
The Muldentalkreis is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

Torgau-Oschatz Rural District
Torgau-Oschatz is a rural district  in Free State Saxony,y.

Geneva
There are many places called Geneva, including .

Geneva (disambiguation)
Geneva is a city ind.

Amt (political division)
Iny, an Amt, Samtgemeinde,dsgemeinde, Verwaltungsgemeinschaft is a collection towns municipalities in a rural district.

Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis Rural District
The Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

Stollberg Rural District
Stollberg Rural District is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

Stollberg
Stollberg is a town in Free State Saxony, capital Stollberg Rural District.

Mittweida Rural District
Mittweida  is a district in Free State Saxony,y.

Mittweida
Mittweida  is a town in Free State Saxony,y.

Zürich (canton)
The canton Zürich has a population about 1.2 million people.

Affoltern (district)
Affoltern is twelve districts-speaking canton Zürich,d.

Andelfingen (district)
Andelfingen is twelve districts-speaking canton Zürich,d.

Bülach (district)
Bülach is 12 districts Canton Zürich ind, with about 117,000 inhabitants make it in canton.

Dielsdorf (district)
Dielsdorf is a district in northwestern Swiss canton Zürich.

Dietikon (district)
Dietikon is a district Swiss canton Zürich.

Hinwil (district)
Hinwil is twelve districts-speaking canton Zurich,d.

Horgen (district)
Horgen is a district Swiss canton Zürich.

Meilen (district)
Meilen is twelve districts-speaking canton Zurich,d.

Freiberg, Saxony
Freiberg (i.e.

Pfäffikon (district)
Pfäffikon is twelve districts-speaking canton Zürich,d.

Uster (district)
Uster is twelve districts canton Zürich,d.

Winterthur (district)
Winterthur is twelve districts-speaking canton Zürich,d.

Adlikon bei Andelfingen
Adlikon bei Andelfingen is a municipality district Andelfingen in canton Zürich ind.

My story
"My Story" is a series books by many different writers.

Yair Auron
Yair Auron  is an Israeli historian, scholar expert specializing on Holocaust Genocide studies, racism contemporary Jewry.

Gniezno
Gniezno  is a town in central-westernd, 50 km east Poznań, inhabited by about 70,000 people.

Gravitation
Gravitation isory that all objects that have mass try to move toward each other.

Birmingham to Peterborough Line
On other tracks  trains keep going after Peterborough, through March Ely to Thetford Norwich Wendens Ambo sted Airport.

From Mixed-Up Files Mrs. Basil E.kweiler
"From Mixed-Up Files Mrs.

Citizenship Union
Citizenship Union was started by Maastricht Treaty signed in 1992.

Messiah (Handel)
Messiah is anatorio by George Frideric Handel.

Major General John Murray
"Major General" John Joseph Murray DSO & Bar, MC  was an Army Officer businessman with a special role in both world wars.

Dippoldiswalde
Dippoldiswalde is a town in Free State Saxony,y.

Großenhain
Großenhain is capital Riesa-Großenhain Rural District, Saxony,y.

Meißen
Meißen  is a town about 30,000 near Dresden on both banks Elbe in Free State Saxony, in easterny.

The Best Damn Thing (album)
"The Best Damn Thing" is an album hit song by musical artist Avril Lavigne.

The Sisterhood Traveling Pants
"The Sisterhood Traveling Pants" is a series book by Annares.

Complicated
"Complicated" was perhaps popular song sung by Avril Lavigne.

Navel piercing
A navel piercing is type piercing to bellybutton.

Flag Brazil
The Flag is flag Brazil.

From Mixed-Up Files Mrs. Basil E.kweiler (1995 movie)
"From Mixed-Up Files Mrs.

624 Hektor
624 Hektor is asteroids.

Golden Horse Film Festival Awards
The Golden Horse Film Festival Awards simply Golden Horse, also known as 臺北金馬影展 in People's Republic China, is a film festival awards ceremony held annually in.

The Golden Melody Awards
The Golden Melody Awards Golden Melody are music awards annually presented in..

Ella Koon
Ella Koon, real Ianna Koon, is a singer, actress model.

Survivor's Law II
"Survivor's Law II" is a TV drama series.

Ellacadabra
"Ellacadabra" is album compilation album by pop-rock singer Ella Koon under record label Boombeat.

Younha
Younha , born 29 April 1988 in Seoul, Korea, is a pop singer.

Benedictine
The word Benedictine usually refers to a follower Order Saint Benedict.

Franciscan
The word is to a follower religiousders that follow Rule Stcis.

Cistercian
The term is to a follower Catholic religiousder.

Langston Hughes
Langston Hughes  was a famous poet, novelist, playwright story writer.

Geographic coordinate system
Image:WorldMapLongLat-eq-circles-tropics-non.png|thumb|440px|Map Earth showing lines latitude  longitude , Eckert VI projection; A Geographical Coordinate System is a Coordinate system.

Altmarkkreis Salzwedel
Altmarkkreis Salzwedel is a district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Sankt Pauli
Sankt Pauli (or St.

Anhalt-Bitterfeld
Anhalt-Bitterfeld is a district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Reeperbahn
The Reeperbahn is central street in district St.Pauli in Hamburg.

Börde Rural District
Börde is a district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Scale (zoology)
In zoology , a scale is a, hard plate that grows an animal's skin to give it protection.

Weighing scale
Scales are an item.

Burgenlandkreis
Burgenlandkreis is a district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Harz Rural District
Harz is a rural district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Jerichower Land
Jerichower Land is a district  in north-east Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Mansfeld-Südharz Rural District
Mansfeld-Südharz is a district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Saalekreis
Saalekreis is a district in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Salzlandkreis
Salzland is a district in middle Saxony-Anhalt,y..

Stendal Rural District
Stendal  is a district  in north-east Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Wittenberg Rural District
Wittenberg is a district  in east Saxony-Anhalt,y.

STS-122
STS-122 is flight Space Shuttle, taking seven people into space to visitational Space Station.

Silverwing (novel)
"Silverwing" is a-selling novel, written by Kenneth Oppel, published in 1997 by Simon & Schuster It tells story a group silverwing bats.

Drive-through
A drive-thru  is for quick service, generally at restaurants.

Space Shuttle Columbia
The Space Shuttle "Columbia" was a spacecraft used by NASA to fly into space.

MADtv
MADtv is television show aired on late night FOX.

Atlas V
Atlas V is a type rocket used by a company called United Launchce to place satellites intobit.

Barnim
Barnim is a district indenburg,y.

Dahme-Spreewald
Dahme-Spreewald is a district indenburg,y.

Elbe-Elster
Elbe-Elster is a "Kreis"  in southerndenburg,y.

Jennifer Hudson
Jennifer Kate Hudson  is an Academy Award-winning actress singer.

Heinrich Sutermeister
Heinrich Sutermeister  was a Swiss composer.

Joseph Fourier
Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier  was a French mathematician physicist who is known for starting investigation Fourier seriesir use to problems heat flow.

File server
A file server is a computer network to a home network, that can host many files in hard disk.

Adliswil
Adliswil is a municipality district Horgen in canton Zürich ind.

Aesch, Zürich
Aesch is a municipality district Dietikon in canton Zürich ind.

Aeugst am Albis
Aeugst am Albis is a municipality district in canton Zürich ind.

Affoltern am Albis
Affoltern am Albis is a municipality district in canton Zürich ind.

625 Xenia
625 Xenia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Gino Severini
Gino Severini , was an painter.

Impressionism
Impressionism was a style art that started in 1800s.

New York Jets
The New York Jets are an football team.

List Municipalities in Ontario
This is a list cities in Ontario.

Ouida
Ouida was pen writer Maria Louise Ramé .

Théodore Géricault
Théodore Géricault  was an important French painter, known for "The Raft Medusa" other paintings.

Giada De Laurentiis
Giada Pamela De Laurentiis is an chef host for Food Network TV shows.

Brampton, Ontario
Brampton is a city in Ontario, Canada.

626 Notburga
626 Notburga is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

627 Charis
627 Charis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

628 Christine
628 Christine is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

629 Bernardina
629 Bernardina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Space Shuttle Challenger
Space Shuttle "Challenger" was a spaceship used by NASA to fly into space.

New Horizons
New Horizons is a spacecraft flying to dwarf planet Pluto.

Simlish
Simlish is a made-up language spoken on console game "The Sims" "The Sims 2".

Antonio Tejero
Antonio Tejero Molina  was at Colonel in Civil Guard .

Conanthera
Conanthera is a genus 3-4 species bulbous plants with panicles blue, purple white purple flowers.

Fátima, Portugal
Fátima  is a city in Portugal.

Bodyguard
A Bodyguard is a security guard who physically protects a person against injury.

Mehmet Ali Ağca
Mehmet Ali Ağca  is a assassin.

Bayonet
A bayonet  is a knife- dagger-shapedapon.

Marcel Lefebvre
Marcelçois Lefebvre , better known asop Marcel Lefebvre, was a French Catholic bishop.

Second Council
The Second Ecumenical Council, II, was twenty-first Ecumenical Council Catholic Church.

Veronica Guerin
Veronica Guerin  was an journalist who was murdered in 1996 by drug dealers.

Umayyad Mosque
Thed Mosque Damascus, also known as "Ummayad Mosque (Arabic: جامع بني أمية الكبير, transl.

Greek Orthodox Churchdria
The Orthodox Churchdria  is Orthodox Churches.

Lourdes
Lourdes  is a town commune in southwest Hautes-Pyrénées department.

Palindromic prime
A palindromical prime number is a prime number that reads same when reversed.

Shrine
A shrine was a container, usually made gold silver was relics in.

Embargo
An embargo is when a government starts a trade blockade on a country a certain a country.

Supremeor Churchd
The Supremeor Churchd is a title which Kings have to showir leadership over Churchd.

Havelland
Havelland is a district indenburg,y.

Knock, County Mayo
Knock  Mary") is a town in County Mayo ind.

Licheń Stary
Licheń Stary is a village.

Märkischd
Märkischd is a "Kreis"  in easterndenburg,y.

Oberhavel
Oberhavel is a "Kreis"  in northerndenburg,y.

Oberspreewald-Lausitz
Oberspreewald-Lausitz is a "Kreis"  in southerndenburg,y.

Greek Orthodox Patriarchdria
The Orthodox Pope Patriarchdria all Africa is head Greek Orthodox Churchdria.

Oder-Spree
Oder-Spree is a "Kreis"  in easterndenburg,y.

Cockburnd, Ontario
Cockburnd is an island in province Ontario, found in Manitoulin District.

Ostprignitz-Ruppin
Ostprignitz-Ruppin is a "Kreis"  in northwesterndenburg,y.

Thomas Morley
Thomas Morley  was an composer, musicoristganist.

Hans Sebald Beham
Hans Sebald Beham  was a printmaker who did his work as an engraver.

Potsdam-Mittelmark
Potsdam-Mittelmark is a "Kreis"  insterndenburg,y.

Skinny jeans
Skinnys are a style denim jeans that have straight legs tend to crumple around ankles.

John Wilbye
John Wilbye , , was an composer who was famous for his madrigals.

Prignitz
Prignitz  is a "Kreis"  in northwesterndenburg,y.

Spree-Neiße
Spree-Neiße is a "Kreis"  in southerndenburg,y.

Kharijite
"Kharijites"re a movement during early years Islam.

Thomas Weelkes
Thomas Weelkes  was an composerganist.

Teltow-Fläming
Teltow-Fläming is a "Kreis"  in southwesterndenburg,y.

Uckermark
Uckermark is a "Kreis"  in northeasterndenburg,y.

630 Euphemia
630 Euphemia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Black Knight
A black knight is a soldier knight who either is not in service to a certain liege does not want his liege, himself, to be known so does not have any heraldic standards has paintedm over with black paint.

Black Knight (disambiguation)
A Black Knight is a knight who doesn't serve a lord.

Paladin
A paladin paladine was a person with a lot power in many countries during medieval in early modern Europe.

IC50
The IC50 is a measure how effective a drug is.

631 Philippina
631 Philippina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Komitas Vartapet
Soghomon Gevorki - Komitas Vardapet , by transliteration also "Gomidas Vartabed" , was an priest, composer, choir leader, singer, music ethnologist, music pedagogue musicologist, known as founder modern classical music.

632 Pyrrha
632 Pyrrha is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

633 Zelima
633 Zelima is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Oberägeri
Oberägeri is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Unterägeri
Unterägeri is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Menzingen
Menzingen is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Baar,d
Baar is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Cham,d
Cham is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Hünenberg
Hünenberg is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Steinhausen,d
Steinhausen is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

634 Ute
634 Ute is a minor planetbiting sun in asteroid belt.

Risch-Rotkreuz
Risch-Rotkreuz is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Walchwil
Walchwil is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

Neuheim
Neuheim is a municipality in canton Zug ind.

635 Vundtia
635 Vundtia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Women's Rights
Women's Rights is a movement action feminism, where women believeyly deserve men have.

Solothurn (canton)
Solothurn is a cantond.

Pickup truck
A pickup truck is a type automobile that can move things.

Kennedy Space Center
The Kennedy Space Center is on Cape Canaveral in Florida, USA.

636 Erika
636 Erika is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Bradleys Head Fortification Complex
The Bradleys Head Fort is located not to far from Toronga Park Zoo.

637 Chrysothemis
637 Chrysothemis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

638 Moira
638 Moira is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

639 Latona
639 Latona is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Arnsbergment Region
Arnsberg is five Regierungsbezirke North Rhine-Westphalia,y, located in south-east country.

Altdorf, Schaffhausen
Altdorf is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen in northernd.

Bargen, Schaffhausen
Bargen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Undervelier
Undervelier is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Schaffhausen (canton)
Schaffhausen is a cantond.

Vellerat
Vellerat is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Vermes,d
Vermes is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Rhine Falls
The Rhine Falls, called Rheinfall ind, are waterfalls Europe.

Beggingen
Beggingen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Beringen,d
Beringen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Bibern, Schaffhausen
Bibern is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Vicques,d
Vicques is a municipality district Delémont in canton Jura ind.

Le Bémont
Le Bémont is a municipality districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Raisin bread
Raisin bread is bread that has raisins in it.

Robert Dyas
Robert Dyas is ae United Kingdom company.

Buch, Schaffhausen
Buch is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Buchberg
Buchberg is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Colognement Region
Colognement Region is five governmental districts Federal State North Rhine-Westphalia.

Büttenhardt
Büttenhardt is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Dörflingen
Dörflingen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Gächlingen
Gächlingen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Guntmadingen
Guntmadingen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Hallau
Hallau is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Hemishofen
Hemishofen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Hemmental
Hemmental is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Hofen,d
Hofen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Lohn, Schaffhausen
Lohn is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Löhningen
Löhningen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Detmoldment Region
Detmold  is five Regierungsbezirke North Rhine-Westphalia,y, located in north-east state.

Merishausen
Merishausen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Neuhausen am Rheinfall
Neuhausen am Rheinfall is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Neunkirch
Neunkirch is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Oberhallau
Oberhallau is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Opfertshofen
Opfertshofen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Ramsen
Ramsen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen in northernd.

Rüdlingen
Rüdlingen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Düsseldorfment Region
Düsseldorf is five Regierungsbezirke North Rhine-Westphalia,y, located in north-west country.

Schleitheim
Schleitheim is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Siblingen
Siblingen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Stein am Rhein
Stein am Rhein is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Stetten, Schaffhausen
Stetten is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Thayngen
Thayngen is a municipality in canton Schaffhausen ind.

Trasadingen
Trasadingen is a municipality canton Schaffhausen ind.

Wilchingen
Wilchingen is a municipality canton Schaffhausen ind.

112 (band)
112  is an R&B quartet that came fromta, Georgia.

Bucheggberg (district)
Bucheggberg is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found in southwest canton.

Dorneck (district)
Dorneck is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found in north canton.

Gäu (district)
Gäu is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found in center canton.

Gösgen (district)
Gösgen is 10 districts canton Solothurn,d, found in northeast canton.

Snap!
Snap! is an electronic music grup created by producers Michael Münzing Luca Anzilotti.

Boney M.
Boney M.

Münsterment Region
Münster is five "Regierungsbezirke" North Rhine-Westphalia,y, located in north state.

Caffè Nero
Caffè Nero  Caffè Nero Group Plc is a coffee shop chain.

Costa Coffee
Costa Coffee is a coffee house company in United Kingdom.

Yves Ternon
Yves Ternon  is a French historian specializing on historical research Holocaust Genocide.

Israel Charny
Dr.

Vahakn
Professor Vahakn N.

David Selby
David Lynn Selby  is an actor,ly in movies, soap operas on television.

Ovid
Publius Ovidius Naso.

Lebern (district)
Lebern is 10 districts canton Solothurn,d, found inst canton.

Olten (district)
Olten is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found by city Olten.

Thal (district)
Thal is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found in center canton.

Thierstein (district)
Thierstein is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found in north canton.

Wasseramt (district)
Wasseramt is 10 districts canton Solothurn ind, found in south canton.

Waterboarding
Waterboarding is a procedure that has been people confess.

Aedermannsdorf
Aedermannsdorf is a municipality district district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Aeschi
Aeschi is a municipality district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Burgäschisee
Burgäschisee is a lake by Aeschi ind, on border cantons Berne Solothurn.

Aetigkofen
Aetigkofen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg in canton Solothurn ind.

Aetingen
Aetingen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg in canton Solothurn ind.

Balm bei Günsberg
Balm bei Günsberg is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Balsthal
Balsthal is a municipality in district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Beinwil, Solothurn
Beinwil is a municipality in district Thierstein in Canton Solothurn ind.

Bellach
Bellach is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Bettlach,d
Bettlach is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Biberist
Biberist is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Biezwil
Biezwil is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Bolken
Bolken is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Boningen
Boningen is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Thousandds Bridge
Thedds Bridge is an international bridge that goes over Saint Lawrence River.

Sieges
The Sieges  was an important event in Hundred Years' War betweenced.

Battle Agincourt
The Battle Agincourt was fought on 15 October 1415 was a major win ford againstce in Hundred Years' War.

Charles Vce
Charles V , called Wise, was Kingce from 1364 to his death a member House Valois.

Émile Zola
Émile Zola   was a major French writer important naturalist writer.

Capetian dynasty
The Dynasty includes any direct descendants Hugh Capetce.

Charles Bald
Charles Bald  was King "Charles II"ce  also "Charles II" Holy Empire  King Westcia .

Louis Stammerer
Louis Stammerer , was oldest son Charles Bald Ermentrude Orléans.

Gabdulla Tukay
Gabdulla Tukay  was a Tatar poet, a classic Tatar literature, a critic a publicist.

Metropolis (movie)
"Metropolis" is a silent science fiction movie created by famed director Fritz Lang.

Mathematical proof
A mathematical proof is a way to show that a mathorem is true.

The Wicker Man
"The Wicker Man" is a classic cult 1973 movie.

640 Brambilla
640 Brambilla is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Ushuaia
Ushuaia is city capital Argentine province Tierra del Fuego.

Puerto Iguazú
Puerto Iguazú is a city in province Misiones, Argentina.

La Plata
La Plata is a capital city Buenos Aires province, Argentina.

Mendoza
Mendoza is capital city Mendoza Province in Argentina.

Córdoba Province, Argentina
Córdoba is a Province Argentina.

Cristina Fernández de Kirchner
Cristina Elisabet Fernández de Kirchner , also called Cristina Fernàndez Cristina Kirchner, is current President Argentina.

Río Cuarto
Río Cuarto is a city located in center Argentina.

Salta City
Salta is a city located in norte Argentina.

List Argentine football teams
This is a list Argentine football teams.

C.A. River Plate
Club Atlético River Plate is important football teams in Argentina.

Flag Argentina
The national flag Argentina was created in 1812 by Manuelo.

José de San Martín
José de San Martín  was an Argentine military commander.

Tandil
Tandil is a city Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.

Bahíaca
Bahíaca is a city Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.

Bariloche
San Carlos de Bariloche is a city Argentina in Río Negro Province.

Reservoir Dogs
"Reservoir Dogs" is a 1992 movie.

Aconcagua
Aconcagua is highest mountain in America.

Bad Rural District
Bad is a district in Mecklenburgia,y.

Demmin Rural District
Demmin  is a district in Mecklenburgia,y.

641 Agnes
641 Agnes is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Güstrow Rural District
Güstrow  is a district in Mecklenburgia,y.

Ludwigslust Rural District
Ludwigslust is a "Kreis"  in southwest Mecklenburgia,y.

Mecklenburg-Strelitz Rural District
Mecklenburg-Strelitz is a "Kreis"  in southern Mecklenburgia,y.

Alec Guinness
Sir Alec Guinness CH, CBE  was an Academy Award winning actor.

Müritz Rural District
Müritz is a "Kreis"  in southern Mecklenburgia,y.

Nordvorpommern
Nordvorpommern  is a "Kreis"  in northern Mecklenburg,y.

Nordwestmecklenburg
Nordwestmecklenburg  is a "Kreis"  in north-western Mecklenburg,y.

Ostvorpommern
Ostvorpommern is a "Kreis"  in eastern Mecklenburg,y.

Parchim Rural District
Parchim is a "Kreis"  in southwestern Mecklenburgia,y.

Francis Colburn Adams
Francis Colburn Adams was an writer, who in Charleston, South Carolina.

Calvin Baker
Calvin Baker is an writer.

Annie Payson Call
Annie Payson Call  was an writer.

Variety show
A variety show is a television show that features a variety performing acts.

Steve Jablonsky
Steve Jablonsky  is an music composer for movies, television video games.

Breitenbach,d
Breitenbach is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Brunnenthal,d
Brunnenthal is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Brügglen
Brügglen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Rügen Rural District
Rügen is a "Kreis"  in northeastern Mecklenburg,y.

Bärschwil
Bärschwil is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Uecker-Randow
Uecker-Randow is a "Kreis"  in eastern Mecklenburgia,y.

Siegessäule
The "Victory Column" is a famous sight in Berlin.

Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District
The Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis is a district in middle North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Gevelsberg
Gevelsberg is a town in district Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District state North Rhine-Westphalia.

Physical education class
Physical Education is a physical subject, that is taught in school.

Islam Karimov
Islamievitj Karimov born january 30, 1938 ind is current president.

Weekly Shonen Jump
Weekly Shonen Jump is a Teen, manga magazine made bya.

Church music
Church music is music that is worship in churches, chapels, cathedrals anywheres meet to worship.

Independencia Province
Independencia  is a province, located instern country, on border with Haiti.

Psychedelic music
Psychedelic music is a word talking about many different music styles genres, such as psychedelic rock, psychedelic folk, psychedelic pop, psychedelic soul, psychedelic ambient, psychedelic trance, psychedelic techno, others.

642 Clara
642 Clara is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Paraná, Argentina
Paraná is capital city Entre Ríos Province, Argentina.

Chubut Province
Chubut is a Province Argentina, located in region called Patagonia.

Comodoro Rivadavia
Comodoro Rivadavia is city Chubut Province, Argentina.

San Miguel de Tucumán
San Miguel de Tucumán is capital city Tucumán Province, Argentina.

Club Penguin
Club Penguin is an online social children's game.

Wikio
Wikio is a search engine developed by Kelkoo.

Sky News
Sky News is a news broadcasting station in United Kingdom.

IZarc
IZArc is a file archiver for Microsoft Windows developed by programmer Zahariev.

Digital divide
Digital Divide is gap, in a branch technology, betweens world where technologies as internet, mobile phones, computers, wi-fire are,s world wherere aren't.

Adobe Dreamweaver
Dreamweaver is a computer program that is pages.

Michael Morpurgo
Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo OBE  is a writer.

Aachen Rural District
The district Aachen  is a Kreis  inst North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

643 Scheherezade
643 Scheherezade is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Borken Rural District
Borken is a "Landkreis"  in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Coesfeld Rural District
Coesfeld  is a "Kreis"  in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia,y,st city Münster.

Düren Rural District
Düren is a Kreis  inst North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Euskirchen Rural District
Euskirchen is a Kreis  in south-west North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Gütersloh Rural District
Gütersloh  is a Kreis  in north-east North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Heinsberg Rural District
Heinsberg is a Kreis  inst North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Decibel
A decibel dB measures power intensity.

Alfredo Panzini
Alfredo Panzini  was an novelist, book writer.

Bättwil
Bättwil is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

Büren, Solothurn
Büren is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

Büsserach
Büsserach is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Deitingen
Deitingen is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Derendingen,d
Derendingen is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Kochan
Kochan is a village in southwestern Bulgaria.

Dornach
Dornach is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

Dulliken
Dulliken is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Däniken, Solothurn
Däniken is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Egerkingen
Egerkingen is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Eppenberg-Wöschnau
Eppenberg-Wöschnau is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Erlinsbach, Solothurn
Erlinsbach is a municipality in district Gösgen in canton Solothurn ind.

Erschwil
Erschwil is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Etziken
Etziken is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Fehren
Fehren is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Flumenthal
Flumenthal is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Fulenbach
Fulenbach is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Gempen
Gempen is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

General Educational Development
General Educational Development  is an optional test that can be taken instead finishing high school in United States Canada.

Górnik Zabrze
Górnik Zabrze is football clubs, based in Zabrze,d.

Gerlafingen
Gerlafingen is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Grenchen
Grenchen is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Gretzenbach
Gretzenbach is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Herford Rural District
Herford  is a "Kreis"  in northeastern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Grindel,d
Grindel is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Gunzgen
Gunzgen is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Hochsauerland Rural District
Hochsauerland is a Landkreis  in east North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Höxter Rural District
Höxter  is a Kreis  in east North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Kleve Rural District
Kleve Rural District Kreis Kleve local-government district in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Duck Hunt
"Duck Hunt" is a video game for Nintendo Entertainment System  game system.

Pack-in game
Pack-in games are video games that come with a game system.

Lippe Rural District
Lippe  is a "Kreis"  in east North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Hybrid Theory
"Hybrid Theory" is studio album by Linkin Park.

Hybrid Theory EP
"Hybrid Theory EP" is an EP by nu metal/alternative rock band Linkin Park that was recorded released in 1999.

San José de Ocoa Province
San José de Ocoa is a province; it is located on southern side Cordillera Central.

Compilation album
A compilation album is an album songs, made by different recording artists, by group artist at different times.

644 Cosima
644 Cosima is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

645 Agrippina
645 Agrippina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

646 Kastalia
646 Kastalia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

The Land Before Time
"The Land Before Time" is a movie series that was started in 1988 by a Don Bluth movie with same.

BSC Young Boys
BSC Young Boys  is a Swiss football football club Swiss capital, Berne.

South India
South India is area in south India.

Adobe Systems
Adobe is an software company.

647 Adelgunde
647 Adelgunde is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

648 Pippa
648 Pippa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

649 Josefa
649 Josefa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

650 Amalasuntha
650 Amalasuntha is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

George
There have been two different presidents United States that are bothd George.

Märkischer Rural District
The Märkischer Kreis is a district  in central North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Mettmann Rural District
Mettmann is a Kreis  in middle North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Minden-Lübbecke Rural District
Minden-Lübbecke is a "Kreis"  in northeastern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Oberbergischer Rural District
The Oberbergische Kreis is a Landkreis  in state North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Olpe Rural District
Olpe is a Kreis  in south-east North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Paderborn Rural District
Paderborn  is a Kreis  in east North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Recklinghausen Rural District
Recklinghausen  is a "Kreis"  in middle North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Rheinisch-Bergische Rural District
The Rheinisch-Bergische Kreis is a Kreis  in middle North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Rhein Erft Rural District
The Rhein-Erft-Kreis is a district inst North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Rhein-Kreis Neuss Rural District
Neuss is a Kreis  inst North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

The Gong Show
"The Gong Show" is an television game show, that was produced in late 1970s early 1980s.

Rhein-Sieg Rural District
The Rhein-Sieg-Kreis is a Kreis  in south North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Provinces Peru
The table below shows all provinces Peru.

Gänsbrunnen
Gänsbrunnen is a municipality in district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Günsberg
Günsberg is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Halten
Halten is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Herbetswil
Herbetswil is a municipality in district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Hochwald,d
Hochwald is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

Chuck Barris
Chuck Barris  is an, known as creator many popular television game shows.

Chachapoyas Province
Chachapoyas is a province Amazonas Region, Peru.

Cusco Province
Cusco Province is thirteen provinces in Cusco Region in southern Peru.

Hofstetten-Flüh
Hofstetten-Flüh is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

Hubersdorf
Hubersdorf is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Hägendorf
Hägendorf is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Härkingen
Härkingen is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Kappel,d
Kappel is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Kestenholz
Kestenholz is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Star Search
"Star Search" is an television game show, hosted by Ed McMahon.

Kleinlützel
Kleinlützel is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Kriegstetten
Kriegstetten is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Siegen-Wittgenstein Rural District
Siegen-Wittgenstein is a landkreis  in southeast North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Soest Rural District
Soest  is a Kreis  in middle North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Steinfurt Rural District
Steinfurt is a "Kreis"  in northern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Unna Rural District
The Unna  district is a Kreis  in central North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Viersen Rural District
Viersen is a Kreis  inst North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Windows Update
Windows Update is a feature found in Microsoft Windows  that lets user updateir copy windows.

Warendorf Rural District
Warendorf is a "Kreis"  in northern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Windows Defender
Windows Defender, which called Microsoft AntiSpyware, is a application made by Microsoft.

Wesel Rural District
Wesel  is a "Kreis"  in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Fearow
Fearow is a pokémon is evolved Spearow.

Xi'an
Xi'an is a city in China capitalxi Province.

Pichu
Pichu is pre-evolved Pikachu in "Pokémon" series.

Spearow
Spearow is a bird Pokémon.

Geodude
Geodude is a rock-type Pokémon.

Onix
Onix is a rock snake Pokémon.

Mankey
Mankey is a pig monkey.

Arthritis
Arthritis is a group diseases that involves damaged body joints.

Primeape
Primeape is a monkey Pokemon that is evolved Mankey.

Mental calculation
Mental Calculation Mental Math is a very old mathematical tool.

Richmond, Kentucky
Richmond, Kentucky is a city in North-central Kentucky.

Caligula
Gaius Julius Caesar Augustusicus, better known by his nickname, Caligula, was Emperor from 37 AD to when he died in 41 AD.

Silver (color)
"This is about color.

Pyromania
Pyromania is an obsession with fire explosives.

Oscar de la Hoya
Oscar de la Hoya , also known as "Golden Boy", was a boxer.

San Salvadord
San Salvadord, also known as Watlingd, is an island in Bahamas, that is said to have been found by Christopher Columbus during his trip to New World.

Jane Roberts
Jane Roberts  was an author, psychic trance medium who "channeled" a spiritd Seth.

Pound (currency)
The pound is currency used by Cyprus, Egypt,dds, Gibraltar,sey, Jersey, United Kingdom where it is called Pound sterling.

Attraction
In general, an attraction is when two things are drawn to another.

Alb-Donau-Kreis
Alb-Donau is a rural district county  in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Freddy Cannon
Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon  is an singer.

Hudson Bay
The Hudson Bay is a bay that goes into East-central Canada.

La fanciulla del West
La fanciulla del West, meaning "The Girl Golden West", is an opera by Puccini.

651 Antikleia
651 Antikleia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Kora (instrument)
The kora is a 21-string harp-lute usedly by peoples in West Africa.

Gao Region
The Gao Region is located in eastern Mali.

652 Jubilatrix
652 Jubilatrix is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Kayes Region
The Kayes Region is located in eastern Mali.

Kidal Region
The Kidal Region is a region located in Mali.

Koulikoro Region
The Koulikoro Region is a region located in Mali.

Mopti Region
The Mopti Region is a region located in Mali.

Ségou Region
The Segou Region is a region located in Mali.

Sikasso Region
The Sikasso Region is a region located in Mali.

Tombouctou Region
The Tombouctou Region is a region located in Mali.

653 Berenike
653 Berenike is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

654 Zelinda
654 Zelinda is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Toni Morrison
Toni Morrison  is an author who is child in her working-class.

Bret Michaels
Bret Michael Sychak, also known as Bret Michaels, , is lead singer glam metal band Poison.

Jacques Arcadelt
Jacques Arcadelt   was aco composer ince period.

Adela Florence Nicolson
Adela Florence Nicolson   was an poet.

The Sarah Jane Adventures
"The Sarah Jane Adventures" is a 2007 science fiction television series.

655 Briseïs
655 Briseïs is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

656 Beagle
656 Beagle is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Dailymotion
Dailymotion is world's independent video sharingbsite.

Francesca Lia Block
Francesca Lia Block  is writer many books for teenagers.

Benito Pérez Galdós
Benito Pérez Galdós  was a realist novelist.

Ponyta
Ponyta is a Pokémon much a pony.

Rapidash
Rapidash is a type Pokémon.

Candomblé
Candomblé is an-inspired Afro religion, practiced chiefly in Brazil.

Merzig District
Merzig is a "Kreis"  in northeastd,y.

SK Rapid Wien
SK Rapid Wien is all-known Football Club.

Neunkirchen District
Neunkirchen is a Kreis  in middled,y.

Afro religion
Afro religions are all religions thatiginated in traditional religions, whichre brought to Brazil by slaves.

Qin Shig
Qin Shig, also known as Qin Shigdi was emperor to unite, bring together, all China.

Saarbrücken District
Thed Saarbrücken is a "Kommunalverband besonderer Art", that is, it is a special mix a rural district a district free city.

Sinaloa
Sinaloa is a northwestern state.

Saarlouis District
Saarlouis is a Kreis  in middled,y.

Saarpfalz District
Saarpfalz  is a Kreis  in south-eastd,y.

Sankt Wendel District
Sankt Wendel is a Kreis  in northd,y.

Respiratory system
The respiratory system is systemgans in a human any breathingganism has.

Internal combustion engine
Anal combustion engine is an engine that combustion, burning fuel, occurs on inside.

Mass media
Mass media is media, books, television, internet, etc., that reaches a lot people.

Electronicgan
Some electronicgans  are made to look sound pipegans.

Kublai
Kublai was a great Mongol khan who brought empire to its greatest height.

Bertrand du Guesclin
Bertrand du Guesclin (c.

Battle Sluys
The Battle Sluys  was an important battle Hundred Years' War.

Battle Poitiers (1356)
The Battle Poitiers  was three important victories ford overce in Hundred Years' War.

Guitar Hero (series)
"Guitar Hero" is a popular series music video games that allows players pretendy are a rock star by playing a controller shaped a guitar.

Horse racing
Horse racing is a sport in which a race is held between racehorses, horses.

Treaty Troyes
The Treaty Troyes  change inheritance rule for kingsce, but did not succeed at doing that.

Kentucky Derby
The Kentucky Derby is a horse race for three-year-old thoroughbreds held every year at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky on Saturday in May.

Charles VIIce
Charles VIIce , was Kingce from 1422 to his death.

Madison Square Garden
The Madison Square Garden is a indoor arena in New York City.

Kodak Theatre
The Kodak Theatre is a indooratre in Hollywood.

Luis Aragonés
Luis Aragonés  was a football player football coach since 1974.

Charles VIce
Charles VIce , was Kingce from 1380 until his death.

657 Gunlöd
657 Gunlöd is a C-type asteroidbiting in Main belt near Eunomia family.

Küttigkofen
Küttigkofen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Langendorf,d
Langendorf is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Laupersdorf
Laupersdorf is a municipality in district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Lohnnsegg
Lohnnsegg is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

658 Asteria
658 Asteria is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

List tallest buildings in world
This is a list 200 tallest buildings in world.

The Harbourfront Landmark
The Harbourfront Landmark is a skyscraper in Hong Kong, China.

Shimaoational Plaza
Shimaoational Plaza is a skyscraper inghai, China.

Mieszko Id
Mieszko I (c.

OneRepublic
OneRepublic is an pop rock band thated in Colorado.

The Trump Building
The Trump Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

Ryan Tedder
Ryan Benjamin Tedder  is an singer, Grammy nominated songwriter record producer born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Brent Kutzle
Brent Kutzle  is an musician, born in Newport Beach, California.

Pop rock
Pop rock is a subgenre pop music rock music that uses catchy pop style, with light lyrics over top guitar-based songs.

Dreaming Out Loud (OneRepublic album)
"Dreaming Out Loud" is debut album by OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells with two songs produced by Tedder.

Shock Value (Timbaland album)
"Shock Value" is studio album by record producerd.

Apologize (song)
"Apologize" is a song released by OneRepublic found onir debut album "Dreaming Out Loud".

Stop Stare
"Stop Stare" is single by pop rock band OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells, fromir debut album "Dreaming Out Loud".

Say (All I Need)
"Say " is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic fromir debut album "Dreaming Out Loud".

Mosley Music Group
Mosley Music Group is a record label created by record producer Tim "Timbaland" Mosley.

Interscope Records
Interscope Records is an record label.

Mercy (song)
"Mercy" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic, fromir debut album, "Dreaming Out Loud".

Greg Wells
Greg Wells is a musician Grammy-nominated record producer from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, who now lives works in Los Angeles.

The Daylights
The Daylights is a pop rock band from Los Angeles, California thated in 2004.

Los Angeles County
Los Angeles County is a county in California is by far populous county in United States.

Lead guitar
Lead guitar means use a guitar to perform melody lines, instrumental fills, soloes within a song structure.

Brandi Carlile
Brandi Carlile (b.

Coburg Rural District
Coburg is a rural district in Upperconia in north Bavaria,y.

Prophets Islam
Prophets Islam are male human beings who are regarded by Muslims to be prophets chosen by God.

Bertn
Bernhard "Bert" Carln OBE  is a football player.

Colbie Caillat
Colbie Caillat is an pop music singer songwriter.

659 Nestor
659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroidbiting Sun.

Trumpet vine
Trumpet vine trumpet-creeper is ae vine, notable by its showy flowers.

David (disambiguation)
David  is a common given surname.

Antlia
Antlia is a constellation, group stars in sky that a picture.

Stone Temple Pilots
Stone Temple Pilots  is an rock band that played in 1990s early 2000s.

Urinal deodorizer block
Urinal deodorizer blocks are disinfectant blocks found in urinals.

New York Philharmonic
The New York Philharmonic is oldest symphonychestra in United States which still exists, famouschestras world.

Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis
"Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis"  is a type gecko native to Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park,g Binh province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam.

Philip II Macedon
Philip II was a king Macedon.

Lake Enriquillo
Lake Enriquillo is a lake instern Republic, near border with Haiti.

Nebuchadrezzar II
Nebuchadnezzar II was a king Neo Empire.

660 Crescentia
660 Crescentia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Orthopedic cast
Orthopedic casts are casts made plaster that cover a limb to hold a broken bone in place while it heals.

Battle Patay
The Battle Patay  was an important battle in Hundred Years' War between French in north-centralce.

Battletoads
Battletoads is a fighting video game by Rare Ltd.

Battle Crécy
The Battle Crécy happened on 26 August, 1346 near Crécy in northernce, was important battles Hundred Years' War.

102 (number)
102 is a number.

661 Cloelia
661 Cloelia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

662 Newtonia
662 Newtonia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

663 Gerlinde
663 Gerlinde is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Coffea
"Coffea"  is a genus ten species flowering plants in family Rubiaceae.

Arthur Schlesinger Jr
Arthur Meier Schlesinger, Jr., born Arthur Bancroft Schlesinger , was a historian social critic.

Vug National Park
Vug National Park is a national park in Ha Tinh Province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam.

Bae Yong Joon
Bae Young Joon is a famous actor from Seoul.

Urban districtsy
Iny an District,  is ae town city that is responsible for its own local government.

Tel Meggido
Megiddo  is a hill in Israel.

Neo Empire
The term Neo Empire  is talking about Babylonia era during,, dynasty.

CornerShot
CornerShot is a special-useapon that can fire around corners.

Local governmenty
There are five levels government iny.

Aguascalientes
Aguascalientes is a state in Mexico that is in center country.

Vicksburg, Mississippi
Vicksburg, Mississippi is a city in US state Mississippi.

664 Judith
664 Judith is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Chrysler Building
The Chrysler Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

Mendelian inheritance
Mendelian inheritance is a set rules about genetic inheritance.

Altenburger Land Rural District
Altenburger Land is a rural district in Thuringia,y.

WhatPulse
WhatPulse is a key counting program which monitors number keystrokes, mouse clicks can now measure distance your mouse has traveled.

Tennessee River
The Tennessee River is a tributary, a river that flows into, Ohio River.

Woolworth Building
The Woolworth Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

Keystroke logging
A keylogger is a piece spyware which records infected computers keystrokes.

Metropolitan Lifecey Tower
The Lifecey Tower  is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

KLM
KLM is an airline that is a Airce-KLM.

Kentucky River
The Kentucky River is a river in state Kentucky.

Singer Building
The Singer Building was a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

Maurizioo
Maurizioo  is a person from Italyd, who travels a lot wrote books in newspapers.

Aang
Aang is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series ', created by Michael Dante DiMartino Konietzko, voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen.

Batuque (religion)
Batuque is an-inspired Afro religion, practiced mainly in Brazil.

Macumba
Macumba is Afro religion that mixesda,da, Candomblé other religions, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Umbanda
Umbanda is Afro religion that mixesda, Candomblé other religions in Brazil.

Jak Daxter (series)
"Jak Daxter" is a series video games, developed by company Naughty Dog.

Chevrolet Geo
Geo was a brand economy cars sold by Chevrolet dealerships.

Geo/Chevrolet Prizm
The Geo Prizm was a car sold by Chevrolet from 1990 to 1997.

Pontiac Vibe
The Pontiac Vibe is a SUV made by General Motors with Toyota in California.

Geo Metro
The Geo Metro was a car sold by Chevrolet from 1989 to 2001.

One Liberty Plaza
One Liberty Plaza is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

665 Sabine
665 Sabine is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

666 Desdemona
666 Desdemona is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

667 Denise
667 Denise is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Malware
Malware is a type software that can harm computers, such as viruses spyware.

Matrixism
Matrixism The path One is a new religion based on motion picture "The Matrix".

Boston Celtics
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball club.

Bastia
Bastia is a town commune northern Corsica, ince.

Alchevsk
Alchevsk  is a town insk Oblast south-eastern Ukraine.

Kommunarsk
Kommunarsk  is railway station in city Alchevsk .

668 Dora
668 Dora is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Shche ne vmerla Ukrainy i slava i volya
"Shche ne vmerla Ukrainy i slava i volya"  is national anthem Ukraine.

669 Kypria
669 Kypria is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

670 Ottegebe
670 Ottegebe is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Toad (Nintendo)
Toad Kinopio is a fictional character in Nintendo's Super Mario Bros.

Itanagar
Itanagar is capital state Arunachal.

Redwall
Redwall is a series books written by Jacques.

Lommiswil
Lommiswil is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Lostorf
Lostorf is a municipality in district Gösgen in canton Solothurn ind.

Luterbach
Luterbach is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Lüsslingen
Lüsslingen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Matzendorf
Matzendorf is a municipality in district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Redwall (novel)
"Redwall" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1986.

Mossflower
"Mossflower" is a fantasy book that was written in 1988 by Jacques.

LeToya Luckett
LeToya Nicole Luckett , known professionally as LeToya, is an R&B singer, actress songwriter.

Annie Oliv
Annie Oliv, born 1988 in Jönköping, Sweden, ïs a beauty queen, cello player personal assistant to a disabled person.

Musical film
The musical movie is a movie genre in which several songs sung by characters are line.

Julie Taymor
Julie Taymor  is an director Broadwayatre movies.

Evan Rachel Wood
Evan Rachel Wood  is an movie, television,ater actress singer.

Jim Sturgess
James Sturgess  is a actor.

Joe Anderson
Joe Anderson  is a actor.

Dana Fuchs
Dana Fuchs is an singer, songwriter, actress voice over talent.

Martin Luther McCoy
Martin Luther McCoy is an musician actor.

T. V. Carpio
Teresa Victoria Carpio, more commonly known as T.

Joe Cocker
Joe Cocker OBE  is an rock/blues singer who came to popularity in 1960s, is known for his gritty voice his cover versions popular songs,icularly The Beatles.

Elliot Goldenthal
Elliot Goldenthal  is all known composer modern classical music.

Jennifer Todd
Jennifer Todd  is an film producer.

Corte
Corte  in is a city  in Haute-Corse "département" in central area Corsica, ince.

Sartène
Sartène , is a town  Corsica, in Corse-du-Sud "département", ince.

Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse
Saint-Florent  is a commune in Haute-Corse, Corsica,ce.

Calvi, Haute-Corse
Calvi is a town commune Haute-Corse, ince.

L'Île-Rousse
L'Île-Rousse  is a commune in Haute-Corse' Corsica,ce.

Carbon footprint
The Carbon Footprint relates to amount carbon emissions human activity is leaving on Earth.

Louisiana Purchase
Thea Purchase was a purchase made by U.S.

Mattimeo
"Mattimeo" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1989.

Mariel Redwall
"Mariel Redwall" is a fantasy book, written by Jacques in 1991.

Salamandastron
"Salamandastron" is a fantasy book, written by Jacques in 1992.

Martin Warrior
"Martin Warrior" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1993.

671 Carnegia
671 Carnegia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Zionism
Zionism is belief thatre should be a country in Israel.

The Bellmaker
"The Bellmaker" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1994.

Outcast Redwall
"Outcast Redwall" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1995.

The Pearls Lutra
"The Pearls Lutra" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1996.

The Long Patrol
"The Long Patrol" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1997.

672 Astarte
672 Astarte is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

673 Edda
673 Edda is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

674 Rachele
674 Rachele is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

675 Ludmilla
675 Ludmilla is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Shinshūshin,o
Shinshushinmachi is a town ino,.

Rubén Darío
Félix Rubén García Sarmiento  was a journalist, diplomat, poet who wrote under pseudonym Rubén Darío is also known as The Fatherism.

Gabriel García Márquez
Gabriel José de la Concordia García Márquez, also known as Gabo  is a novelist,-story writer, journalist.

Come on Over
"Come On Over" is album released by Plain White T's.

Stop (album)
"Stop" is album released by band Plain White T's.

Angus cattle
The Angus cattle is a breed black hornless cattle.

Aberfan
Aberfan is a village in South Wales where, in 1966, a slag-heap fell down, killing 28 adults 116 children.

Porto-Vecchio
Porto-Vecchio  is a town commune Corse-du-Sud department, on island Corsica, ince.Porto-Vecchio is town in Corsica after Bastia Ajaccio.Porto-Vecchio is also a tourism city, tourists come from many countries around world, inicular from Italy,yds.

Bonifacio
Bonifacio  is a town commune near southern tip island Corsica, in "département" Corse-du-Sud,ce.

Aleria
Aléria  is a commune in Haute-Corse "département"ce, on island Corsica.

Treptower Tollensewinkel
Treptower Tollensewinkel is an "Amt" in district Demmin, in Mecklenburg,y.

Tollense
The Tollense  is a river in Mecklenburgia in northeasterny, right tributary Peene.

All That We Needed
"All That We Needed" is album released by band Plain White T's.

Every Second Counts
Every Second Counts is album released by Plain White T's.

676 Melitta
676 Melitta is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Fritz Reuter
Fritz Reuter  was a novelist.

677 Aaltje
677 Aaltje is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Marlfox
"Marlfox" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1998.

The Legend Luke
"The Legend Luke" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 1999.

Lord Brocktree
"Lord Brocktree" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 2000.

The Taggerung
"The Taggerung" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 2001.

Triss
"Triss" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 2002.

Loamhedge
"Loamhedge" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 2003.

Rakkety Tam
"Rakkety Tam" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 2004.

High Rhulain
"High Rhulain" is a fantasy book written by Jacques in 2005.

Eulalia (novel)
Eulalia is nineteenth book in Redwall novel series, was written by Jacques in 2007.

Li Bai
Li Bai Li Po   was a poet.

Naguib Mahfouz
Naguib Mahfouz   was an novelist who won 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature who Arabic literature.

Marcel Proust
Valentin Louis Georges Eugène Marcel Proust   was a French novelist, essayist critic, known as author "À la recherche du temps perdu" (in, "In Search Lost Time", a monumental work twentieth-century fiction published in sevens from 1913 to 1927.

Ashoka Great
Asoka means "He who is beloved Gods who regards everyone amiably".

Puritanism
A any person seeking "purity" through worship doctrine.

Devario quangbinhensis
Devario quangbinhensis Chela quangbinhensis is a species fish.

Da Nhay Beach
Da Nhay Beach is a beach on shore South China Sea.

Nhat Le Beach
Nhat Le Beach is a beach in Dong Hoi city, capitalg Binh Province.

Nhat Le River
The Nhật Lệ River is a river in Dong Hoi City,g Binh Province, Vietnam.

Varanasi
Varanasi , also commonly known as Benaresi, is a city situated on banks river Ganga  in state Uttar regarded holy by Hindus, Buddhists Jains, is oldest continually inhabited cities in world along with Damascus.

Munshid
Munshid  was greatest writers modern Hindi Urdu literature.

Dependent territory
A Dependent territory is a territory that belongs to another state nation.

Pidgin
A Pidgin is a simplified language.

Eiterfeld
Eiterfeld is a village iny in east Hesse.

SOCKS
SOCKS is anet protocol that allows a client computer to connect to a server using services a network firewall.

Squid cache
Squid cache, simply Squid, is a type proxy server.

Corsican language
Corsican  is ace language spoken on island Corsica , together with French, which isficial language.

PMMP
PMMP is a pop rock band.

Louis IIIce
Louis IIIce , kingcia, was son King Louis Stammerer Ansgarde.

Christopher Paolini
Christopher Paolini  is an writer.

Carloman IIce
Carloman IIce (c.

Eldest
"Eldest" is book in "Inheritance Cycle" written by Christopher Paolini in 2005.

Charles Fat
Charles Fat  was Kingnia from 876, King Italy from 879, Holy Emperor  from 881, King Eastcia from 882, King Westcia from 884.

Odoce
Odoce (c.

678 Fredegundis
678 Fredegundis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Philadelphia City Hall
The Philadelphia City Hall is a city hall in Philadelphia, United States.

679 Pax
679 Pax is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Virtual Magic Kingdom
Virtual Magic Kingdom was an online game community run by Disney.

Treaty Verdun
The Treaty Verdun  happened several generations after Charlemagne divided his empire into threes.

Jousting
Jousting was a sport for rich people in Europe during Middle Agesce.

Quang Binh Province
Quang Binh  is a province in North Central Coast Vietnam.

GI (military)
GI G.I.

Hồ Ngọc Hà
Hồ Ngọc Hà  is a singer, model actress.

Max Wolf
Maximilianz Joseph Cornelius Wolf  was a astronomer.

680 Genoveva
680 Genoveva is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

681 Gorgo
681 Gorgo is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Steeping
One example is steeping corn, milling process.

Gluten
Gluten is a composite proteins "gliadin" "glutenin".

Octal numeral system
The octal numeral system is a base 8 numeral system.

Rubiaceae
Rubiaceae is a family flowering plants, variously called madder, bedstraw, coffee family.

Gentianales
Gentianales are ander flowering plants.

Danish Centre History
The Centre History  is a research communication center for history cities.

Gardenia
"Gardenia" is a genus about 250 species flowering plants in family Rubiaceae.

Frangipani
"Plumeria"  is a genus 7-8 species that grow in tropical subtropical Americas.

Religious conversion
Religious conversion is adoption a new religious identity, a change from religious identity to another.

Min Nan
Min Nan,, Min-nan, is for a few dialects spoken in southern China, aroundgdong.

Radical (Chinese character)
A radical  is portion bearing meaning an inflected word in.

Gladwyn Jebb
Hubert Miles Gladwyn Jebb, Baron Gladwyn, GCMG, GCVO, CB, known as Gladwyn Jebb , was a prominent civil servant, diplomat politician asll as Acting Secretary-General United Nations.

Trygve Lie
Trygve Lie   was a politician.

Nuclear force
Nuclear force is force between nucleons.

Ut
Ut 22 January 1909 – 25 November 1974) was a diplomat Secretary-General United Nations, from 1961 to 1971.

Shota Rustaveli
Shota Rustaveli was a poet century, greatest classic secular literature.

Supremeder
"Supremeder" is a real-time strategy computer game.

Forcalquier
Forcalquier is a city in southce.

Sirenia (band)
Sirenia is a gothic metal band fromger, Norway, founded in early 2001.

Javier Pérez de Cuéllar
Javier Pérez de Cuéllar Guerra  is a diplomat who was Secretary-General United Nations from January 1 1982 to December 31 1991.

Boutros Boutros-Ghali
Boutros Boutros-Ghali   is an diplomat who was Secretary-General United Nations from January 1992 to December 1996.

Josè Saramago
José de Sousa Saramago,  is a writer, playwright journalist.

Upasni Maharaj
Upasni Maharaj  was a Hindu guru who lived in a village called Sakori intra, India.

Finntroll
Finntroll is a folk metal band fromd.

Crucified Barbara
Crucified Barbara are a all-female band,ed in Stockholm in 1998.

John Mayer
John Clayton Mayer   is an guitarist singer-songwriter.

682 Hagar
682 Hagar is a minor planetbiting Sun in Eunomia family area.

683 Lanzia
683 Lanzia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Burg Fürsteneck
Burg Fürsteneck is a castle, situated in middley between towns Fulda Bad Hersfeld.

684 Hildburg
684 Hildburg is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

685 Hermia
685 Hermia is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Rural Districtsy
Iny a Rural District,  is a level local government about same as a county in United Kingdom.

Margate
Margate is a town inet, Kent, Southeastd.

Henry I
Many different peoplered Henry I, including .

Robert Ice
Robert I , king Westcia , was younger son Robert Strong, count Anjou, brother Odoce.

Rudolphce
Rudolph   was duke Burgundy between 921 923 Kingce from July 13, 923 until his death.

Louis IVce
Louis IV , was kingce from 936 to 954.

Ratchet &k (video game)
"Ratchet &k" is a platforming shooting game for PlayStation 2.

Snow Patrol
Snow Patrol is an alternative rock band fromdd.

686 Gersuind
686 Gersuind is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

687 Tinette
687 Tinette is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

688ie
688ie is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

689 Zita
689 Zita is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

690 Wratislavia
690 Wratislavia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

691 Lehigh
691 Lehigh is a minor planetbiting Sun.

Pollyanna
Pollyanna is a book for children written byor Porter.

Middle
Middle , "Ancient" as used by linguist Bernhard Karlgren is a given to an older version language.

Uyghur people
The Uyghur  are a Turkic people Central Asia.

Chopstick rest
A is a piece tableware.

Grindelwald
Grindelwald is a municipality in district Interlaken in canton Bern ind.

692 Hippodamia
692 Hippodamia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

693 Zerbinetta
693 Zerbinetta is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

694 Ekard
694 Ekard is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

695 Bella
695 Bella is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Solvation
Solvation, commonly called dissolution, is process attraction association molecules a solvent with molecules ions a solute.

696 Leonora
696 Leonora is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

697 Galilea
697 Galilea is a minor planetbiting Sun in Main belt asteroid.

698 Ernestina
698 Ernestina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

699 Hela
699 Hela is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

UNMIK
UNMIK is United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo.

700 Auravictrix
700 Auravictrix is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Mecklenburg-Strelitz Duchy
Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a duchy later grand duchy in northerny.

701 Oriola
701 Oriola is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Household Cavalry
The Household Cavalry, is a army corps  two regiments soldiers.

Pica (disorder)
Pica is an eating disorder where a person wants to eat things that are not normal to eat, for example nails, rocks feces.

Camillo Berneri
Camillo Berneri  was an professor philosophy, anarchist militant, propagandistorist.

Scenario
In context withatre movies a scenario  is a description an event series actions events.

Wu Cheng'en
Wu Cheng'en (, ca.

Nanjing
, Nan-ching , "Nanking" is capital China'sgsu Province, a city with a prominent place in history culture.

Arthur Waley
Arthur David Waley  was a famous Orientalist Sinologist.

Oriental studies
Oriental studies include Near Far societies cultures, languages, peoplesir histories; in recent years term studies hasly replaced older term.

Levyi
Levyi  was a anarchist poet who was imprisoned in Siberia under Czarist regime for his revolutionary activities.

702 Alauda
702 Alauda is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Luigi Fabbri
Luigi Fabbri , was an anarchist, writer, agitator propagandist who was charged with defeatism during World War I.

Francisco Ferrer y Guardia
Francesc Ferrer y Guàrdia , , was a "free-thinker" anarchist.

Gaetano Bresci
Gaetano Bresci , was an anarchist who killed King Umberto I.

Songs for Polarbears
"Songs for Polarbears" is debut album by alternative rock group Snow Patrol.

San José de Ocoa (city)
The city San José de Ocoa is head municipality San José de Ocoa province, on southern country close to River Ocoa.

Starfighter Pilot
"Starfighter Pilot" was debut,, EP from alternative rock band Snow Patrol, was finished in 1997.

When It's All Over We Still Have To Clear Up
"When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up" is full-length album byative rock band Snow Patrol.

Final Straw
"Final Straw" is full-length album by alternative rock band Snow Patrol.

Live Acoustic at Park Ave.
"Live Acoustic at Park Ave." is EP by alternative rock band Snow Patrol.

Eyes Open
"Eyes Open" is full-length album by alternative rock band Snow Patrol.

Epimetheus
Epimetheus is a titan in Greek mythology, is brother Prometheus, a Greek titan who gave all creaturesthing to protectmselves from elements.

Wrestling
Wrestling is a fight between two people withoutapons, in which each person tries to beatir opponent.

Diode
A diode is an electronic component with two electrodes which a signal can flow between .

Power trio
The power trio is a popular type a rock roll bandat since 1960s.

703 Noëmi
703 Noëmi is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Gillian Welch
Gillian Howard Welch  is a United States singer-songwriter whose musical style combines bluegrass, country, folk into a style she calls "American Primitive".

David Rawlings
David Todd Rawlings is a United States guitarist.

Meitnerium
Meitnerium is a chemical element in periodic table.

4-1-1
4-1-1 is a telephone number in United States Canada.

The Convent (Gibraltar)
The Convent has been homeor Gibraltar since 1728.

Pitcairnds
The Pitcairnds are four islands in Pacific.

Pompce
"Pomp Andce" was written by Sir Edward Elgar became his famous pieces.

704 Interamnia
704 Interamnia is a very asteroid, its diameter is thought to be 350 kilometres.

River Ocoa
The River Ocoa is a river in southern side Cordillera Central, Republic.

Louise Michel
Louise Michel  was a french anarchist, school teacher medical worker.

Louise Michel (Paris Metro)
Louise Michel is a station Paris Métro, serving Line 3.

Louise Michel Battalions
Two battalions French-speaking people inational Brigades Civil War against fascism,red after Louise Michel, a heroine 1871 Paris Commune.

Catholic Encyclopedia
The Catholic Encyclopedia, Old Catholic Encyclopedia, is an language encyclopedia.

Stanley,dds
Stanley  is capital citydds.

Numismatics
Numismatics is study collecting coins history behind coins.

Philately
Philately is study collection postage stamps.

Charles Valois
Charles Valois  started House Valois as Count Valois.

David Cameron
David William Donald Cameron  is Leader Conservative Party also Leader Opposition in United Kingdom.

House Bourbon
The House Bourbon is an important royal house Europe.

Camelot
In legends King Arthur, Camelot is Arthur's castle.

University Hawaii
The University Hawaii is a group public colleges universities in Hawaii.

Cowlitz River
Cowlitz River is a river in stateington in United States.

Alexandre Dumas
Alexandre Dumas can mean two people In French, "père" means father "fils" means son.

Leonidas I
Leonidas was a king Sparta.

Shrapnel
Shrapnel is chunks broken objects, such as concrete metal, that is around an explosive, usually as a container.

Nail bomb
A nail bomb is aapon that is made a bag nails with an bomb inside.

Introduced species
An introduced species is anganism that is not native to a given place.

Bunker
A bunker is a military building for defense.

Over harvesting
Over harvesting is an extreme use important areastlands damagingm without knowing thatse areas could help many people.

Habitat fragmentation
Habitat fragmentation happens whene habitats are divided intos, separating all species that livedre depended on each other.

CECIL
Cecil was a rock band from Liverpool,d.

Christopher Marlowe
Christopher "Kit" Marlowe  was a major dramatist, poet, translatorce drama.

Bass clarinet
The bass clarinet is a type clarinet, is a woodwind single-reed instrument.

Cornett
The cornett is a brass instrument from Medieval,ce, Baroque times.

Baoruco Province
Baoruco, also written Bahoruco , is a province, located instern country, in "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley.

Snorri Sturluson
Snorri Sturluson  wasic historian, poet politician.

Heimskringla
"Heimskringla" is known old Norse kings' sagas.

County Mayo
County Mayo is a county in province Connacht, ind.

Crash Bandicoot (series)
"Crash Bandicoot" is a series platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment published by Sierra Entertainment.

Copt
A copt is aniginal.

Pectus excavatum
Pectus excavatum is a medical problem.

Markgelist
Markgelist  is writer Gospel Mark; Copts think Mark broughtity to Egypt.

Analects
The Analectsre a book put together by students Confucius.

Central Park
Central Park is ae public park in borough in New York City.

Mae Jemison
Astronaut Mae Carol Jemison MD  became woman to enter space when she served on crew Space Shuttle Endeavor in September 1992.

705 Erminia
705 Erminia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

706 Hirundo
706 Hirundo is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

707 Steïna
707 Steïna is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

708 Raphaela
708 Raphaela is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

709 Fringilla
709 Fringilla is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

710 Gertrud
710 Gertrud is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

711 Marmulla
711 Marmulla is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Club (disambiguation)
A club can be many things.

712a
712a is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

713 Luscinia
713 Luscinia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

714 Ulula
714 Ulula is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

715svaalia
715svaalia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

716 Berkeley
716 Berkeley is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

717 Wisibada
717 Wisibada is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

718 Erida
718 Erida is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Ethylene
Ethylene ethene is a chemical compound with two carbon atoms four hydrogen atoms in each molecule.

Skol
Skol is a brand beer made by company Carlsberg Group.

Archbishopric Salzburg
Theopric Salzburg was a state Holy Empireop Salzburg as a Princeop.

Chinrest
A chinrest is a on a violin.

Rheinfelden, Baden-Württemberg
Rheinfelden is a town iny that was started in 1922.

Stone circle
A Stone circle is an ancient monument.

Standing stone
Standing stones are stones that are set into ground vertically.

Feldspar
Feldspar is a group rock-forming minerals that make up as much as 60% Earth's crust.

719 Albert
719 Albert is an Amor asteroid, found after 433 Eros.

Felisburgo
Felisburgo is a municipality that can be found in state Minas Gerais.

Brazos Country, Texas
Brazos Country is a city in Austin County, Texas.

Arthur Rimbaud
Jean Nicolas Arthur Rimbaud  was a French poet, born in Charleville.

Elisée Reclus
Élisée Reclus , also known as Jacques Élisée Reclus, was a French geographer anarchist.

Şimon River
The Şimon River is a tributary Turcu River inia.

Skjaldbreiður
Skjaldbreiður is a volcano ind.

Michael Emerson
Michael Emerson  is anatre, television, movie actor.

Battletilly
The Battletilly happened on September 1, 1862, in Fairfax County, Virginia.

Jörg Haider
Jörg Haider  was an politician that wasten right-populism.

Egyptian Museum
Egyptian Museum, in Cairo, Egypt, has ae collection ancient antiquities in world.

720 Bohlinia
720 Bohlinia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

721 Tabora
721 Tabora is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Yagan
Yagan (c.

Osaka University
Osaka University is a national university.

Daytona 500
The Daytona 500 is an auto race held in Daytona Beach, Florida.

Beat-em up games
Beat-em up games are video games where player beats up bad guys while walking through levels.

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky  is a city in Russia.

722 Frieda
722 Frieda is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Perspective (graphical)
Basic concept.

723 Hammonia
723 Hammonia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

724 Hapag
724 Hapag is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Graphic arts
Graphic arts is a term that was printmaking drawing.

725da
725da is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

726 Joëlla
726 Joëlla is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

727 Nipponia
727 Nipponia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Cylinder (engine)
A cylinder is central working an engine, space in which a piston travels.

Stanley, Iowa
Stanley is a city in Fayette counties in U.S.

Les Bois
Les Bois is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Les Breuleux
Les Breuleux is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

La Chaux-des-Breuleux
La Chaux-des-Breuleux is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Abrams, Wisconsin
Abrams is a town in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States.

Les Enfers
Les Enfers is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Ackley, Wisconsin
Ackley is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States.

Epauvillers
Epauvillers is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Eichsfeld Rural District
Eichsfeld is a rural district in Thuringia,y, is historical region Eichsfeld.

Gotha Rural District
Gotha is a Kreis  in middle Thuringia,y.

Schwabhausen, Thuringia
Schwabhausen is a municipality in Gotha Rural District, Thuringia.

Adams, Adams County, Wisconsin
Adams is a town in Adams County in U.S.

Adams, Green County, Wisconsin
Adams is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.

Adams, Jackson County, Wisconsin
Adams is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States.

Addison, Wisconsin
Addison is a town inington County, Wisconsin, United States.

Into Wild (Warriors)
"Into Wild" is book in "Warriors" series.

Critical density
Critical density is value at which Universe is at balance, expansion is stopped.

Non geometry
Non geometry is a type geometry.

Miranda de Ebro
Miranda de Ebro is a city in Spain.

Julia Fischer
Julia Fischer  is a violinist.

Interstate H-1
Interstate H-1  is busiest interstate highway in Hawaii, United States, located on island O‘ahu.

Interstate H-2
Interstate H-2  is an intrastate interstate highway located on island O‘ahu in Hawai‘i, USA.

Syriacs
Syriacs are an ethnic group whoseigins remain in is today Iraq,, Turkey Syria, but who have gone to Caucasus, North America Europe during past century.

Interstate H-3
Interstate H-3 is a highway in state Hawaii.

Mike Shinoda
Michael Kenji Shinoda is a musician, record producer, artist from Agoura Hills, California.

Toyota Corolla
The Toyota Corolla is a car made by Toyota since 1966.

Toyota Hi-Lux
The Toyota Hi-Lux is a compact pickup truck sold by Toyota.

Suzuki
Suzuki is a company that makes cars motorcycles.

Fairtrade
Fairtrade certification  is a system which gives a certificate to products.

Storyline
A storyline is basically a story is about.

728 Leonisis
728 Leonisis is an asteroid Flora family, found byn Palisa in 1912 in Vienna.

729 Watsonia
729 Watsonia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

730asia
730asia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

David C. Jewitt
David C.

Mains hum
Mains hum is a signal at a nominal 50 60 Hz, depending on local alternating current frequency, usually harmonic content.

Epiquerez
Epiquerez is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Les Genevez
Les Genevez is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Goumois
Goumois is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Lajoux
Lajoux is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Greiz Rural District
Greiz is a Landkreis  in east Thuringia,y.

Montfaucon,d
Montfaucon is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Montfavergier
Montfavergier is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Muriaux
Muriaux is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Le Noirmont
Le Noirmont is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Le Peuchapatte
Le Peuchapatte is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Les Pommerats
Les Pommerats is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Saignelégier
Saignelégier is a municipality in canton Jura ind.

Saint-Brais
Saint-Brais is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Soubey
Soubey is a municipality in districtches-Montagnes in canton Jura ind.

Hildburghausen Rural District
Hildburghausen is a district in Thuringia,y.

Ilm-Kreis Rural District
Ilm-Kreis is a district in Thuringia,y.

Adrian, Wisconsin
Adrian is a town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States.

Agenda, Wisconsin
Agenda is a town ind County in U.S.

Wizard's First Rule
"Wizard's First Rule" is a book written by Terry Goodkind.

Dietary fiber
Dietary fiber is food from plants that cannot be digested.

Henry Ian Cusick
Henry Ian Cusick  is an Emmy-nominated actor stage, television, movies.

Bo Pelini
Mark "Bo" Pelini  is head football coach at University Nebraska–Lincoln.

Super Bros. (series)
"Super Bros.",times called "SSB", is a series fighting video games made by Nintendo.

John Heartfield
John Heartfield  is english version photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld.

Solenoid
A solenoid is a 3 dimensional structure wire.

731 Sorga
731 Sorga is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

732 Tjilaki
732 Tjilaki is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

733 Mocia
733 Mocia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

734 Benda
734 Benda is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Kyffhäuserkreis Rural District
Kyffhäuserkreis is a rural district in northern Thuringia,y.

735na
735na is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Nordhausen Rural District
Nordhausen is northernmeost "Landkreis"  Thuringia,y.

Saaled Rural District
Saaled-Kreis is a "landkreis"  in east Thuringia,y.

Saale-Orla Rural District
Saale-Orla is a "landkreis"  in east Thuringia,y.

Saalfeld-Rudolstadt Rural District
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt is a "Landkreis"  in south Thuringia,y.

Schmalkalden-Meiningen Rural District
Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a "Landkreis"  inst Thuringia,y.

Sömmerda Rural District
Sömmerda is a "Landkreis"  in north Thuringia,y.

Ahnapee, Wisconsin
Ahnapee is a town in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Electronvolt
The electronvolt, symbol eV, is energy.

Meltingen
Meltingen is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Messen
Messen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Metzerlen-Mariastein
Metzerlen-Mariastein is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind.

Mühledorf, Solothurn
Mühledorf is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Kolding
Kolding is a seaport found at head Kolding Fjord in Regionmark .

Drammen
Drammen is a city municipality in county Buskerud, Norway.

Prosecution
In legal matters, prosecution is person people  who argue in a court case that another person people  has committed a crime.

Sonneberg Rural District
Sonneberg is a "Landkreis"  in south Thuringia,y.

Unstrut-Hainich Rural District
Unstrut-Hainich is a "Landkreis"  in north Thuringia,y.

Cecil
Cecil is a prototype-based programming language.

Wartburgkreis Rural District
Wartburgkreis is a "Landkreis"  inst Thuringia,y.

Weimarer Land Rural District
Weimarer Land is a "Landkreis"  in east Thuringia,y.

Congress Arras
The Congress Arras was a political collection people created in Arras in 1435 betweend,ce, Burgundy.

Appanage
Appanage is important to historyce during Middle Ages.

736 Harvard
736 Harvard is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

737 Arequipa
737 Arequipa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Scripps Ranch, San Diego, California
Scripps Ranch is a suburb San Diego, California.

New
The "New" is a left-wing political magazine that is publishedekly in London.

Left-wing
In politics, left-wing means an attitude that sees social equality as very important.

Bourgeoisie
Bourgeoisie means a social class people who are in upper merchant class.

César Award
The César Awards, are-known movie awards ince.

Social status
In sociology anthropology, social status is honor prestige's position in society.

738 Alagasta
738 Alagasta is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Bergstraße Rural District
Kreis Bergstraße is a "Landkreis"  in south Hesse,y.

Social class
Social class refers to hierarchical distinctions between individuals groups in societies cultures.

Mümliswil-Ramiswil
Mümliswil-Ramiswil is a municipality in district Thal in canton Solothurn ind.

Nennigkofen
Nennigkofen is a municipality in district Bucheggberg, in canton Solothurn,d.

Neuendorf,d
Neuendorf is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Niederbuchsiten
Niederbuchsiten is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Barahona Province
Barahona is a province; it is located in southwestern country.

Black bread mold
Black bread mold, also called "Rhizopus stolonifer", is a very common type mold.

Dentistry
Dentistry is a doctor's job.

Toyota Tundra
The Toyota Tundra is a full-size pickup truck.

Toyota Celica
The Toyota Celica was a sports car made by Toyota.

Toyota 4Runner
The Toyota 4Runner is a Sports utility vehicle made by Toyota.

Rhythmic gymnastics
Rhythmic gymnastics is sub-sport to artistic gymnastics, a cross between ballet artistic gymnastics.

Wealth
Wealthten means that much money is available.

Professional certification
Professional certification, trade certification, professional designation,ten called simply "certification" "qualification", is a certification a person gets to assure that he/she is a job task.

Darmstadtment Region
Darmstadt is three Regierungsbezirk Hesse,y, located in south state.

Nebula
A nebula  is an interstellar cloud dust.

Database schema
A Database schema  is structure a database system.

Ernst Haeckel
Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel , also written von Haeckel, was an important biologist, naturalist, philosopher, physician, professor artist.

Lunar eclipse
A Lunar eclipse is an astronomical phenomenon.

Max Weber
Maximilian Carl Emil Weber   was a political economist sociologist who was considered founders modern study sociology public administration.

Weimar Constitution
The Constitution Reich , usually known as Weimar Constitution  was constitution that governed Weimar Republic .

Guitar Hero III Mobile
"Guitar Hero III Mobile" is a music video game for mobile phones.

Polymath
A polymath  is a person with encyclopedic, broad, varied knowledge learning.

Avicenna
; c.

Hafiz (Qur'an)
Hafith Hafiz , literally meaning 'guardian', is a term used by Muslims for people who have learnt completely Qur'an by heart.

Alina Kabaeva
Alina Maratovna Kabaeva  is a-rhythmic gymnast since 14, stopped when she was 20.

Seikan Tunnel
Seikan Tunnel（Ja:青函トンネル）is a railway tunnel in.

Punch Brothers
Punch Brothers is an bluegrass band.

Mikeall
Mikeall is an mandolinist.

Edgar Meyer
Edgar Meyer is an Grammy Award-winning double bassist.

Jerry Douglas
Jerry Douglas is an Grammy Award-winning dobro player.

2-1-1
2-1-1 is a special telephone number in United States Canada.

3-1-1
3-1-1 is a special telephonenumber-emergency call to municipal services.

Oleander
Oleander, "Nerium oleander", is a poisonous shrub.

Aon Center (Chicago)
Aon Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Aon Center
The Aon Center is two buildings.

739 Mandeville
739 Mandeville is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

740 Cantabia
740 Cantabia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

John Hancock Center
John Hancock Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

AT&T Corporate Center
AT&T Corporate Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Two Prudential Plaza
Two Prudential Plaza is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Noam Pikelny
Noam Pikelny is a United States banjo player singer-songwriter, famous as a member Leftover Salmon Punch Brothers.

Gabe Witcher
Gabe Witcher is a United States fiddle player singer-songwriter, famous as a member Punch Brothers.

311 South Wacker Drive
311 South Wacker Drive is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

900 North
900 North is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Bryan Sutton
Bryan Sutton is a United States guitarist.

Water Tower Place
Water Tower Place is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Chase Tower
Chase Tower is two buildings.

Park Tower
Park Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Toltec
Toltec is used by historians in different ways.

Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari
Abi Ja'far Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari  was earliest, important famous historians explainers Qur'an, famous for his "Tarikh al-Tabari"  "Tafsir al-Tabari".

Basilica
A basilica is ae, important church.

Middle-earth locations
This article is about fictional locations, landscapes, mountains, rivers etc.

Anjali Das
Anjali Das  is an poet.

Parliamentary system
A parliamentary system government means that executive branch government must have direct indirect support parliament.

Political asylum
Someone may ask for a political asylum when it is in his own country.

Neuendorfde
Neuendorfde is a municipality in Wilstermarsch, in district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein,y.

Gießenment Region
Gießen is three Regierungsbezirke Hesse,y.

Cecilia Cheung
Cecilia Cheung is a Hong Kong-born actress C-pop singer.

Gießen Rural District
Gießen  is a "Kreis"  in middle Hesse,y.

Marburg-Biedenkopf Rural District
Marburg-Biedenkopf is a "Landkreis"  inst Hesse,y.

Lahn-Dill-Kreis Rural District
Lahn-Dill is a "Kreis"  inst Hesse,y.

Vogelsbergkreis Rural District
The Vogelsbergkreis is a "Kreis"  in middle Hesse,y.

5-1-1
5-1-1 is a special telephone number in United Statess Canada.

6-1-1
6-1-1 is a special telephone number in United States Canada.

Fulda
Fulda  is a city in Hesse,y; it is located on Fulda River is administrative seat Fulda district .

Fulda Rural District
Fulda  is a "Kreis"  in north-east Hesse,y.

Kasselment Region
Kassel is three Regierungsbezirke Hesse,y, located in north country.

Kassel Rural District
Kassel is a "Landkreis"  in north Hesse,y.

Transvaal
Thesvaal (lit.

Chishimads
Theimads between Russia.

Botnet
A Botnet  is a word which istimes used by Computer scientists.

741 Botolphia
741 Botolphia is a minor planetbiting Sun, found by Joel Hastings Metcalf on February 10, 1913 from Winchester.

742 Edisona
742 Edisona is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Baroque (band)
Baroque was a visual rock band.

Luna Lovegood
Luna Lovegood is a fictional character in Harry Potter series, written by J.

Michael Bloomberg
Michael Bloomberg  is an businessman politician.

Umpire
An umpire isone who makes sure all rules are followed that no cheats games such as Major League Baseball, tennis, cricket.

Linda Lingle
Linda Lingle  is current governor Hawaii.

743 Eugenisis
743 Eugenisis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Gackt
Gackt M.S.

Cebuano
Cebuano is a type language spoken in Philippines.

744 Aguntina
744 Aguntina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

745 Mauritia
745 Mauritia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

746 Marlu
746 Marlu is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

747 Winchester
747 Winchester is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt,d after town in which it was found.

Unna
Unna is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

748 Simeïsa
748 Simeïsa is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

749 Malzovia
749 Malzovia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Max Weber (politician)
Max Weber  was a Swiss politician.

Max Weber (general)
Max Weber  was a militaryficer in armiesy later United States, known for serving as a brigadier general in Union army during Civil War.

Oconto County, Wisconsin
Oconto County is a county in U.S.

Niedergösgen
Niedergösgen is a municipality in district Gösgen in canton Solothurn ind.

Niederwil, Solothurn
Niederwil is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Nunningen
Nunningen is a municipality in district Thierstein in canton Solothurn ind.

Oberbuchsiten
Oberbuchsiten is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Oberdorf, Solothurn
Oberdorf is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Obergerlafingen
Obergerlafingen is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Isengard (Norwegian band)
Isengard was side project Darkthrone's drummer poet Fenriz.

Bunker (disambiguation)
A bunker is a defensive military building.

Tom DeLonge
Thomas Matthew DeLonge, Jr.

United States Geological Survey
The United States Geological Survey  is a science-related agency United States government.

Pyroclastic flow
A pyroclastic flow is a common result volcanic eruptions.

Mudflow
A mudflow  occurs when mud travels down a slope very fast.

Stuart
Stuart  is an fiddle, banjo, mandolin, guitar player.

750 Oskar
750 Oskar is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

751 Faïna
751 Faïna is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Class (programming)
A class is a a computer program that a programmer creates to represent a thing in a way that a computer can understand.

Loggerhead Sea Turtle
The Loggerhead Sea Turtle, "Loggerhead", is a type turtle that lives in sea.

Islamic Golden Age
The Islamic Golden Age, alsotimes known as Islamicce, lasted from century to century.

Gian Lorenzo Bernini
Giovanni Lorenzo Bernini   was greatest artists Baroque period.

Auguste Charlois
Auguste Honoré Charlois  was a French astronomer who discovered 99 asteroids while working in Nice.

HCard
hCard, for HTML vCard, is aat for publishing contact information people, companies,ganizations, places, in XHTML, Atom, RSS, raw XML.

Ellen Axson Wilson
Ellen Louise Axson Wilson , wife Woodrow Wilson, was First Lady United States from 1913 until her death in 1914.

752 Sulamitis
752 Sulamitis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

753 Tiflis
753 Tiflis is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

754 Malabar
754 Malabar is a minor planetbiting Sun.

755 Quintilla
755 Quintilla is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

756a
756a is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Federation Cynologiqueationale
The Fédération Cynologiqueationale is "World Canine isation".

Robertstown
Robertstown is a village in County Kildare,d.

Hermanas Mirabal Province
Hermanas Mirabal  is a province, located in north-central country.

American Communications Corp
American Communications Corp is a cabling company based San Diego, California.

Breckerfeld
Breckerfeld is a town in district Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, .

Paul Raud
Paul Raud  was an painter.

Ibn al-Haytham
Ibn al-Haytham Alhacen   was a pioneer modern optics, have also described him as a "pioneer modern scientific method" "first scientist".

Weather balloon
Aather sounding balloon is a balloon  which carries instruments in sky to send back information on atmospheric pressure, temperature, humidity by means a measuring tool called a radiosonde.

Einsatzgruppen
Einsatzgruppen der Sicherheitspolizeire a paramilitary group active before during World War II.

Xenophilius Lovegood
Xenophilius Lovegood is a fictional character Harry Potter series.

Bartolomé de Las Casas
Bartolomé de Las Casas , known as "Apostle Indies", was a century priest writer,op Chiapas, Mexico.

São José, Santa Catarina
São José it´s a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Balneário Camboriú
Balneário Camboriú is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Blumenau
Blumenau is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Brusque, Brazil
Brusque is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Chapecó
Chapecó is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Criciúma
Criciúma is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Itajaí
Itajaí is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Jaraguá do Sul
Jaraguá do Sul is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Joaçaba
Joaçaba is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Joinville
Joinville is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Lages
Lages is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Togepi
Togepi is a pokémon that was found indfather Canyon by Misty, Ash, Brock.

Berwick-upon-Tweed
Berwick-upon-Tweed is a town ind, United Kingdom.

Martin van Heemskerck
Marten Jacobszoon Heemskerck van Veen "Maarten van Heemskerck" , was known Dutch portrait religious painters century .

Instrumental
An instrumental is music that has no words people singing.

Currywurst
Currywurst is a dish.

7-1-1
7-1-1 is a telephone number in Canada United States.

Johann Palisa
Johann Palisa  was an astronomer, born in Troppau in Silesia .

Vulgate
The Vulgate (lat.

M.C. Hammer
MC Hammer  is an rapper.

Nuclear power plant
A nuclear power plant is a place where people make electricity using heat from nuclear reactions.

Charing Cross Hospital
Charing Cross Hospital is a hospital in London,d.

8-1-1
8-1-1 was a telephone number in United States Canada.

American Airlines Flight 11
American Airlines Flight 11 was hijacked airplane September 11, 2001 attacks.

Sonic Hedgehog 2
"Sonic Hedgehog 2", also called "Sonic 2", is sequel to "Sonic Hedgehog".

United Airlines Flight 175
United Airlines Flight 175 was hijacked airplane September 11, 2001 attacks that Tower World Trade Center.

Jimmy Page
James Patrick "Jimmy" Page, OBE  is an guitarist, composer record producer, famous for his work in rock band Led Zeppelin.

John Paul Jones (musician)
John Paul Jones  is an musician record producer, was known for being bassist, keyboardist mandolin player for rock band Led Zeppelin.

Robertt
Robert Anthonyt , is an rock singer musician, was known for being bassist, lead vocalist for rock band Led Zeppelin.

John Bonham
John Henry "Bonzo" Bonham  was an rock drummer, was known for being a member London hard rock band Led Zeppelin.

Quack
Quack is sound a duck makes.

Hoof
A hoof is foot certain animals known as ungulates .

757dia
757dia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Jyutping
Jyutping is a new romanization system fordard.

S-type asteroid
An S-type asteroid is an asteroid that is mainly "silicaceous", made a lot silicon.

List World Wrestling Entertainment alumni
1990s.

Yelle
Yelle  is a French singer from town Saint-Brieuc, Bretagne.

River Ozama
The River Ozama is a river in eastern "Llano Costero del Caribe" .

Nipple
The nipple is a special gland.

American Airlines Flight 77
American Airlines Flight 77 was an airplane that was hijacked by terrorists was Pentagon.

Sonic Hedgehog (video game)
"Sonic Hedgehog",times called "Sonic", is game in Sonic Hedgehog Video game series.

Tekken
"Tekken" is a fighting video game series.

Tekken 2
"Tekken 2" is a fighting video game made by Namco.

Alicia Keys
Alicia Keys  is an pop, R&B, soul, neo soul singer-songwriter, pianist, record producer, actress, music video director, philanthropist, author who has sold over forty-one million albums singles worldwide as 2007, has won numerous awards, including eleven Grammy Awards, eleven Billboard Music Awards, three Music Awards, fourteen NAACP Image Awards.

758 Mancunia
758 Mancunia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Zlata's Diary
"Zlata's Diary" was a diary made by & Herzegovina's Zlata Filipovic.

Anna Bessonova
Anna Bessonova  is a,2 time Olympic Bronze medalist rhythmic gymnast.

List counties in North Carolina
The U.S.

Emmanuel College, Melbourne
Emmanuel College is a chain Catholicary colleges associated withists.

Basra
Basra  is city Iraq with a population about 2,600,000 .

Hijra (Islam)
Hijra , withdrawal, is word that is Mohammad his followers from Mecca to Medina in 622.

The Nanny
"The Nanny" is an comedy starring Drescher.

List The Nanny episodes
This is a list episodes CBS television sitcom "The Nanny".

Wake County, North Carolina
Wake County is a county in U.S.

759 Vinifera
759 Vinifera is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

760 Massinga
760 Massinga is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Alison Moyet
Alison Moyet , is an pop singer-songwriter bluesy voice.

Durham County, North Carolina
Durham County is a county located in U.S.

761 Brendelia
761 Brendelia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Nash County, North Carolina
Nash County is a county located in U.S.

Granville County, North Carolina
Granville County is a county located in U.S.

Franklin County, North Carolina
Franklin County is a county located in U.S.

Shoulder rest
A shoulder rest isthing which is used by people who play violin viola.

Johnston County, North Carolina
Johnston County is a county located in U.S.

The Quibbler
"The Quibbler" is a fictional magazine Harry Potter world.

Camera obscura
The camera obscura (Lat.

Camera obscura (disambiguation)
Camera obscura means "darkened chamber" to describe early devices for projecting an image on a screen, by use a lens a pinhole.

Pinhole camera
A pinhole camera is a camera without a conventional glass lens.

Shutter (photography)
In photography a shutter is a camera that opens for a controlled period time to let light in during taking a picture.

Movie projector
A movie projector is a device for displaying moving pictures by projectingm on a projection screen.

List craters on Puck
The following lists all craters on Puck.

List craters on Umbriel
The following is list craters on Umbriel.

Indigofera
"Indigofera" is a genus about 700 species flowering plants.

Claudette Colbert
Claudette Colbert   was a French-born actress who won an Academy Award for "It Happened One Night".

Yekaterinburg
Yekaterinburg is a city in Russia, with a population 1,293,537 people.

Collingwood, Victoria
Collingwood is a suburb in Melbourne, Australia.

762 Pulcova
762 Pulcova is a main belt asteroid.

George M. Dallas
George Mifflin Dallas  was a Senator for United States fromia later served under James K.

William R. King
William Rufus deVane King  was a U.S.

Harnett County, North Carolina
Harnett County is a county located in state North Carolina, United States.

Chatham County, North Carolina
Chatham County is a county in U.S.

Carteret County, North Carolina
Carteret County is a county in U.S.

Doctor (Doctor Who)
The Doctor is central character in long-running BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who".

Roger Penrose
Sir Roger Penrose, OM, FRS  is an mathematical physicist Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor Mathematics at Mathematical Institute, University Oxford Emeritus Fellow Wadham College.

Arthur (TV series)
"Arthur" is a/American children's television series, based on a series books written by Marc Brown.

Langur
A langur is a type monkey found in southeast Asia.

WWE Raw
"WWE Raw", known as "WWE RAW", is Monday night professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment  is main broadcast Raw brand.

Doctor Who companions
The companions assistants Doctor "Doctor Who" television series.

Moomba
The Moomba Waterfest is a yearly festival in Melbourne, Australia.

Ludwig Wittgenstein
Ludwig Josefn Wittgenstein   was an philosopher.

John C. Breckinridge
John Cabell Breckinridge  was a lawyer,ntative, Senator for United States Vice President United States.

Michael Dante DiMartino
Michael Dante DiMartino is an animation director, known as co-creator, executive producer, story editor TV series ' on Nickelodeon.

Ancient Athens
Ancient Athens is for city Athens in about century BC.

Barbara Meier
Barbara Meier  is a model.

Bryan Konietzko
Bryan Konietzko is co-creator executive producer animated series '.

Hannibal Hamlin
Hannibal Hamlin  was a politician from Maine.

Busan subway
Busan Subway is a subway system in, South Korea.

Tsing Hua University
Tsing Hua University THU , is a university in Beijing, People's Republic China.

THU
Thu isten an abbreviation for Thursday.

Yui Horie
Yui Horie , born on 20 September 1976, is a popular singer voice actress.

Subsurface structuremap
A subsurface structuremap is a type subsurface map whose contours represent elevation aicularation, reservoir geologic marker in space, such that folds, faults other geologic structures are clearly displayed.

Cave painting
Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls ceilings.

Radiocarbon dating
For this it uses radioactive isotope carbon-14.

Passage tomb
A Passage tomb passage grave is a tomb which can be reached through a  passage.

Hallstatt culture
The Hallstatt era isd after city Hallstatt in Austria, where artifactsre found.

La Tène culture
The Celts basically lived in clans.

Ringfort
A Ring fort is a fortified settlement.

Beowulf
"Beowulf" is an Old heroic epic poem.

Stigma (anatomy)
A stigma is a a flower that gets pollen from pollinators such as bees.

Empress Dowager Cixi
Empress Dowager Cixi1  , popularly known in China as West Dowager Empress , was from Manchu Yehe Nara.

Human trafficking
Human trafficking  is a way to exploit people.

Controversy
A Controversy is when people have a problem.

Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund
Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund is a confederation german trade unions.

I'm Like a Lawyer with Way I'm Always Trying to Get Youf (Me & You)
I'm Like a Lawyer with Way I'm Always Trying to Get Youf  (shortened to “I’m Like A Lawyer...

The Best Damn Thing (song)
"The Best Damn Thing" is singlef album The Best Damn Thing by Avril Lavigne.

Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft
ver.di is ae trade union.

Deutscher Beamtenbund
Deutscher Beamtenbund   is a national trade union centery.

Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer
Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer   is a trade uniony.

TRANSNET Gewerkschaft
TRANSNET, which stands forsport, Service, Networks, is a trade union iny.

Can-can
The can-can  is a music hall dance, performed by a chorus line female dancers whoar costumes with long skirts, petticoats, black stockings, fashions 1890s.

Jacques Offenbach
Jacques Offenbach  was a French composer cellisttic era.

Shane MacDougall
Shane MacDougall is a stand-up comedian, columnist, television writer, documentarian.

Henri Toulouse-Lautrec
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec,  was a French painter Post-Impressionist period.

763 Cupido
763 Cupido is an asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Midwife
A midwife is a person, typically a woman, who has been women during childbirth.

764ia
764ia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

765 Mattiaca
765 Mattiaca is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Alleghany County, North Carolina
Alleghany County is a county in U.S.

766 Moguntia
766 Moguntia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

767 Bondia
767 Bondia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

768a
768a is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Sparta, North Carolina
Sparta is a town iny County, North Carolina, United States.

769a
769a is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

770 Bali
770 Bali is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

771 Libera
771 Libera is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Anson County, North Carolina
Anson County is a county in U.S.

772 Tanete
772 Tanete is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

773 Irmintraud
773 Irmintraud is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Wadesboro, North Carolina
Wadesboro is a town in Anson County, North Carolina, United States.

Alexander County, North Carolina
Alexander County is a county in U.S.

Ashe County, North Carolina
Ashe County is a county in U.S.

Long March
The Long March is retreat Mao Zedong Communists in 1935.

Avery County, North Carolina
Avery County is a county in U.S.

Ronnie Minder
Ronnie Minder  is a global Swiss songwriter, producer composer.

Hersfeld-Rotenburg Rural District
Hersfeld-Rotenburg is a "Kreis"  in east Hesse,y.

Rings Rhea
The moon Rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk solidicles.

Werra-Meißner-Kreis Rural District
Werra-Meißner is a "Kreis"  in north Hesse,y.

Waldeckkenberg Rural District
Waldeckkenberg is a "Kreis"  in north Hesse,y.

Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Rural District
Schwalm-Eder is a "Kreis"  in north Hesse,y.

Velvet Revolver
Velvet Revolver, , is a Grammy Award-winning rock supergroup.

Manchu
The Manchu people are a Tungusic people who came from Manchuria .

Kristanna Loken
Kristanna Sommer Lokenna Sommer Løken  is an actress known for her work in both film television, a fashion model.

Geneva City
Geneva  is city ind.

Concubinage
Concubinage is state a woman in a relationship with a man higher social status that gives her rights than a marriage.

Mistress (lover)
A mistress is a man's long term female sexualner companion who is not.

Charles Strite
Charles P.

Eastern Front (World War I)
The Front World War I was battle line on bordery Russia.

Gibbon
Gibbon are type apes in family Hylobatidae.

774 Armor
774 Armor is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

775 Lumière
775 Lumière is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Same-sex marriage
Same-sex marriage is a term for a relationship in which two people same sex live together as a family in a governmentally, socially, religiously recognized marriage.

Chiron (hypothetical moon)
Chiron is given to a moon Saturn sighted byn Goldschmidt in 1861.

Union
In education.

Carl von Moers
Carl von Moers  was a horse rider who competed in 1912 Summer Olympics.

Burnham Grammar School
Burnham Grammar School  is a children's grammar school in Burnham,ire.

Avant-garde
Avant-garde  in French means "front guard", "advance guard", "vanguard".

Dumb Luck
"Dumb Luck" is a 2001 movie written directed by Craig Clyde starring Scott Baio, Tracy Nelson, Hal Linden Eileen.

Gil Fates
Gil Fates  was an television producer.

Innovation
In economics, business government policy,-thing new - must be substantially different, not an unimportant change.

Innovation (disambiguation)
Innovation may refer to following.

Santieh River
The Santieh River is a river in.

Scott S. Sheppard
Scott S.

List mountains in
Taiwan is a mountainous island, mountain climbing is a favorite activity many people.

Mario Kart DS
"Mario Kart DS" is a racing game developed published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS.

Metacritic
Metacritic is absite which gathers expert reviews reviews from your average person for films, video games, music books.

Marktbreit
Marktbreit is a town iny, near Kitzingen in Bavaria.

Eclipse
An eclipse is an astronomical event.

Lena Gercke
Lena Gercke is a model.

Plorvorine Reaction
A Plorvorine Reaction is a type sub-elemental trans-molecular heteronucleozygous transmutilation multiprocess-fission reaction used in generic super-atomic structural deformation 4-6-dipropyldodec-3-4-6-triene, catalysed with an amount trichloric vanadium dioxide, Aluminium difluoride.

Twilight (series)
"Twilight" is a series fantasy/romance books by Stephenie Meyer.

Karl Popper
Sir Karl Raimund Popper  was an philosopher a professor at London School Economics.

Castle (disambiguation)
A castle is a fortified structure a territory.

Eliot Spitzer
Eliot Laurence Spitzer  is an lawyer politician Democratic Party.

Arena, Wisconsin
Arena is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin, USA.

List rivers Africa
The following is a list rivers Africa, by region.

Community Identification Number
The Official Municipality Key, which called "Official Municipality Characteristic Number" "Municipality Code Number", is a group numbers difference between different municipalities areas.

Hexadecimal numeral system
The hexadecimal numeral system, commonly known just as Hex, is a numeral system made up 16 symbols .

List rivers Antarctica
The following is a list rivers Antarctica.

Battle Tannenberg (1914)
The Battle Tannenberg was a decisive engagement between Empire Empire in days World War I, fought by First Second Armies Eighth Army between 17 August 2 September 1914.

List rivers Asia
The following is a list major rivers Asia, by letter.

Erich Ludendorff
Erich Friedrich Wilhelm Ludendorff   was a Armyficer, "Generalquartiermeister" during World War I, victor Liège,, with Paul von Hindenburg, victors battle Tannenberg.

Austro Compromise 1867
The Austro Compromise 1867  established dual monarchy Austria-Hungary.

Franz Joseph I Austria
Franz Joseph I (in I.

Cantuta
A cantuta  is a type a flower.

Mie Prefecture
Mie Prefecture  is located in Kinki region on islandū,.

WWE Studios
WWE Studios  is a World Wrestling Entertainment movie television production company that is starring, produced directed by WWE talent.

776 Berbericia
776 Berbericia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Chris Benoit
Christopher Michael Benoit  was a professionel wrestler.

Glitch
A glitch isthing that goes wrong in a system.

The Jacks
This is a list "Jack" robots in "Tekken" series.

My Little Lover
My Little Lover is a pop group.

Beaufort County, North Carolina
Beaufort County is a county in U.S.

Bertie County, North Carolina
Bertie County  is a county in U.S.

Bladen County, North Carolina
Bladen County is a county in U.S.

Brunswick County, North Carolina
Brunswick County is a county in U.S.

Buncombe County, North Carolina
Buncombe County is a county in U.S.

Al-Quaedaisation in Islamic Mahgreb
The al-Qaedaization in Islamic Maghreb is an islamist militia.

Alph River
The Alph River is a river in Antarctica.

Escapology
Escapology is practice escaping from restraints other traps.

Burke County, North Carolina
Burke County is a county in U.S.

Rezovski Creek
Rezovski Creek  is a melt-water stream that can be found in Livingstond, Antarctica.

Radio Telefís Éireann
Radio Telefís Éireann, known as RTÉ, is main television radio broadcaster in Republicd.

Onyx River
The Onyx River is a meltwater stream that flows tost through Wright Valley between Wright Lower Glacier to Lake Vanda.

Wailua River
The Wailua River is a river on island Kauai in U.S.

Waimea River (Hawaii)
The Waimea River is a river on island Kauai in U.S.

Cabarrus County, North Carolina
Cabarrus County is a county in U.S.

ZX Spectrum
The ZX Spectrum was a range home computers based on Z80 microchip sold by Sinclair Research Ltd, business company owned by inventor Sir Clive Sinclair.

Home computer
A home computer is given to popular computers made in 1980s 1990s that could be television set.

Z80
The Z80 microchip was popular microchips for computers in 1980s.

Caldwell County, North Carolina
Caldwell County is a county in state North Carolina.

Sinclair Research Ltd
Sinclair Research Ltd.

Glen Jacobs
Glen Jacobs  is an professional wrestler who performs under stage Kane.

Hipparchus
Hipparchus (Greek; ca.

Peripheral (disambiguation)
Peripheral describesthing as important.

Battle Verdun
The Battle Verdun was a battle First World War.

Bank America Tower
Bank America Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

New York Times Building
The New York Times Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

GameShark
A "Gameshark" is a cheating device.

Americanational Building
Theational Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

King Penguin
The King Penguin  is a type penguin.

Citigroup Center
Citigroup Center is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

777 Gutemberga
777 Gutemberga is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Industrial engineering
Industrial systems engineering is fastest growing areas engineering.

Trump World Tower
Trump World Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

GE Building
GE Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.

Novartis
Novartisational AG is a pharmaceutical company in Basel,d.

Roger Taney
Roger Brooke Taney  was a Chief Justice United States Supreme Court.

Supreme court
A Supreme court is generally highest court in a country.

Lee
Lee is a video game character in "Tekken".

Scooter
A scooter is a bicycle tricycle with very wheels.

Tricycle
A tricycle is a vehicle with three wheels.

ECWip
The Extremeip Wrestling ip is a professional wrestling world championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.

Combustion engine
Combustion is a word that means burning.

The Golden Compass (movie)
"The Golden Compass" is a fantasy movie, which was released on December 5, 2007 by New Line Cinema.

Independant body
An independent body is a group a view without bias.

B. B. King
B.

Limbourg brothers
The Limbourg brothers, in Dutch "Gebroeders van Limburg" (Herman, Paul,; fl.

Anthony Head
Anthony Stewart Head  is an actor musician who has appeared inatre, television movies.

Uluru
Uluru, also called Ayers Rock, is a given to a huge rock near Alice Springs in Outback.

Elapid
The Elapidae, elapids'", are a family venomous snakes.

Colubrid
A colubrid  is a snake that is a member Colubridae family.

Centrald
Centrald is a provinced with about 270,000 inhabitants.

Sea snake
Sea snakes, "seasnakes", are poisonous elapid snakes that live in marine environments for allir lives.

Archduke
The title Archduke   is a rank above Duke under King, but is very rare.

Trench warfare
Trench warfare is a war tactic, way fighting.

Port-de-Paix
Port-de-Paix  is a city capital département Nord-Ouest in Haiti ontic coast.

Device controller
A device controller is a a computer system that makes sense signals going to, coming from CPU processor.

Worthy
Worthy is word that describesthingone as proven to be strong,, long lasting.

778 Theobalda
778 Theobalda is a minor planetbiting Sun, in asteroid belt.

Rostov on Don
Rostov-on-Don  is a city in Russia.

Staples Center
The Staples Center is a indoor arena in Los Angeles, California.

Camden County, North Carolina
Camden County is a county in U.S.

Caswell County, North Carolina
Caswell County is a county in U.S.

Internet forum
Anet forum is a place on internet where people can type messages on a board for other people to see.

Catawba County, North Carolina
Catawba County is a county in U.S.

Stone tool
Stone tools are tools made stone thatre used commonly by cavemen, people who lived in prehistoric times.

DJ BoBo
Peter Renén  better known as DJ BoBo, is a Swiss singer, songwriter, dancer music producer.

Highpoint Shopping Centre
"Highpoint Shopping Centre" is a shopping centre in Victoria, Melbourne.

Cherokee County, North Carolina
Cherokee County is a county in U.S.

Chowan County, North Carolina
Chowan County is a county in U.S.

Clay County, North Carolina
Clay County is a county in U.S.

Character (computing)
A character is a letter, number any symbol that can fit in same space letters numbers fit.

Optical disc drive
An optical drive is usually a CD drive DVD drive.

WWE Heat
WWE Heat is a professional wrestling show for World Wrestling Entertainment, show uses superstars from "Raw"d.

Sarojini Sahoo
Sarojini Sahoo  is an writer.

Eddie Guerrero
Wrestling Career.

President Confederation
The President Confederation leads meetings federal government d.

Nabta Playa
Nabta Playa was once ae basin in Desert.

Video card
A video card is a special circuit board that controls is shown on a computer monitor.

Santa Cruz de Barahona
The city Santa Cruz de Barahona, simply Barahona, is head municipality Barahona province, on southwest country.

Ananth
Ananth is a word that means infinite,, endless, cute, strong, ruler, knowledge, smart,, honest,,, possessive.

Sindh
Sindh is a province in.

North-West Frontier Province
The North-West Frontier Province times calledia is a province in.

Balochistan (Pakistan)
Balochistan is a province in.

Italian Campaign (World War I)
The campaign was a series battles fought between Austria-Hungary Italy.

Choudhary Rahmat Ali
Chaudhry Rahmat Ali Rehmat Ali  was an Muslim who was people to ask for creation state.

Abbottabad
Abbottabad is a city in.

Abbottabad District
Abbottabad District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Bannu District
Bannu District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Batagram District
Batagram District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Buner District
Buner District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Charsadda District
Charsadda District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Chitral District
Chitral District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Dera Ismail District
Dera Ismail District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Hangu District
Hangu District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Haripur District
Haripur District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Karak District
Karak District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Kohat District
Kohat District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Kohistan District,
Kohistan District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Lakki Marwat District
Lakki Marwat District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Lower Dir District
Lower Dir District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Malakand District
Malakand District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Mansehra District
Mansehra District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Mardan District
Mardan District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Nowshera District
Nowshera District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Peshawar District
Peshawar District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Shangla District
Shangla District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Middleatre World War I
The Middleatre World War I was aeatre during World War.

Swabi District
Swabi District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Swat District
Swat District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Tank District
Tank District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Upper Dir District
Upper Dir District is a district in North-West Frontier Province.

Bannu
Bannu is a city in.

Batagram
Batagram is a city in.

Charsadda
Charsadda is a city in.

Chitral
Chitral is a city in.

Dera Ismail
Dera Ismail is a city in.

Hangu (Pakistan)
Hangu is a city in.

Haripur,
Haripur is a city in.

Karak,
Karak is a city in.

Kohat
Kohat is a city in.

Lakki Marwat
Lakki Marwat is a city in.

Mansehra
Mansehra is a city in.

Mardan
Mardan is a city in.

Nowshera
Nowshera is a city in.

Alpuri
Alpuri is a city in.

Saidu Sharif
Saidu Sharif is a city in.

Tank (Pakistan)
Tank is a city in.

Theatre (warfare)
In warfare, aatreater is an area wherere are many battles.

Abbottabad Tehsil
Abbottabad Tehsil is a subdivision Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Charlotte Perrelli
Charlotte Perrelli  is a swedish singer,television host actress, perhaps famous for winning Melodifestivalen 1999 subsequently Eurovision Song Contest 1999 with her song "Take Me To Your Heaven".

Attock District
Attock District is a district in Punjab province.

Bahawalnagar District
Bahawalnagar District is a district in Punjab province.

Bahawalpur District
Bahawalpur District is a district in Punjab province.

Bhakkar District
Bhakkar District is a district in Punjab province.

Chakwal District
Chakwal District is a district in Punjab province.

Dera Ghazi District
Dera Ghazi District is a district in Punjab province.

Faisalabad District
Faisalabad District is a district in Punjab province.

Gujranwala District
Gujranwala District is a district in Punjab province.

Gujrat District
Gujrat District is a district in Punjab province.

Hafizabad District
Hafizabad District is a district in Punjab province.

Jhang District
Jhang District is a district in Punjab province.

Jhelum District
Jhelum District is a district in Punjab province.

Kasur District
Kasur District is a district in Punjab province.

Khanewal District
Khanewal District is a district in Punjab province.

Khushab District
Khushab District is a district in Punjab province.

Lahore District
Lahore District is a district in Punjab province.

Layyah District
Layyah District is a district in Punjab province.

Lodhran District
Lodhran District is a district in Punjab province.

Mandi Bahauddin District
Mandi Bahauddin District is a district in Punjab province.

Mianwali District
Mianwali District is a district in Punjab province.

Multan District
Multan District is a district in Punjab province.

Muzaffargarh District
Muzaffargarh District is a district in Punjab province.

Nankana Sahib District
Nankana Sahib District is a district in Punjab province.

Narowal District
Narowal District is a district in Punjab province.

Okara District
Okara District is a district in Punjab province.

Taito Corporation
The Taito Corporation is an wikt:innovator coin operated video games.

Pakpattan District
Pakpattan District is a district in Punjab province.

Rahimyar District
Rahimyar District is a district in Punjab province.

Space Invaders
Space Invaders is a video game made by Taito Corporation.

Rajanpur District
Rajanpur District is a district in Punjab province.

Sahiwal District
Sahiwal District is a district in Punjab province.

Sargodha District
Sargodha District is a district in Punjab province.

Sheikhupura District
Sheikhupura District is a district in Punjab province.

Sialkot District
Sialkot District is a district in Punjab province.

Toba Tek Singh District
Toba Tek Singh District is a district in Punjab province.

Vehari District
Vehari District is a district in Punjab province.

Attock
Attock is a city in.

Bahawalnagar
Bahawalnagar is a city in.

Bahawalpur
Bahawalpur is a city in.

Bhakkar
Bhakkar is a city in.

Chakwal
Chakwal is a city in.

Dera Ghazi
Dera Ghazi is a city in.

Faisalabad
Faisalabad is a city in.

Union Councils
A Union Council Village Council in is an elected local government body that has 21 councillors - who are elected by people.

Seer Gharbi
Seer Gharbi is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province country.

Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Tranmere Rovers Football Club is an football club, currently playing in Football League One.

Corumbá
Corumbá is a city state Mato Grosso do Sul.

Christopher Lee
Christopherkdini Lee CBE  is an actor.

Liv Tyler
Liv Tyler  is an actress model.

Dourados
Dourados is a city state Mato Grosso do Sul.

No Mercy
No Mercy is a musical group consisting twins Ariel & Gabriel Hernández Marty Cintron.

Carlo Gesualdo
Carlo Gesualdo, known as Gesualdo da Venosa , Prince Venosa Count Conza, was an music composer, lutenist murderer.

AdventureQuest RPG
AdventureQuest is an RPG  made by Artix Entertainment.

Conflict
A conflict is a problem.

Constructed script
A constructed script  is a writing system.

An Inspector Calls
"An Inspector Calls" is a play written in 1944-5 by playwrite J.

Justice Equality Movement
The Justice Equality Movement  is a rebel group involved in Darfur conflict.

Middle-earth languages
This article is about constructed languages from J.

Lope de Vega
he is written between 1,500 2,500 fully-fledged plays – which 425 have survived until modern day – together with a plethora dramatic poetic works.

Pedro Calderòn de la Barca
Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Henao , was a dramatist Golden Age.

Chemical vapor deposition
Chemical vapor deposition is a method putting a thin layer metal on to a surface using very low heat.

States
Below is a list 25 states.

WrestleMania XXIV
WrestleMania XXIV was twenty-fourth yearlyia professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment .

779 Nina
779 Nina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Nazim
A Nazim is a person who is responsible for administration cities, districts Union Councils in.

Dogon people
The Dogon are a group people who live in Mali in West Africa.

Ipswich
Ipswich is a town in southd.

Provinces
Pakistan is a country in Asia.

Self-esteem
Self-esteem is way people think aboutmselves, how worthwhiley feel.

Christiania
Freetownia,ly commonly called justia'", is a danish special community, as a village,partially self-governing with 850 inhabitants, with an area 85 acres near capital Denmark, Copenhagen.

I'm Not There
"I'm Not There" is a Golden Globe Award-winning Academy Award-nominated 2007 movie that is inspired by life musician Bob.

Lanthanide
The lanthanoid   series is made 15 elements with atomic numbers 57 through 71, from lanthanum to lutetium.

The Newd Story
The Newd Story is a video game released by Taito Corporation in 1988.

Ungdomshuset
Ungdomshuset  was popular buildingallyd Folkets Hus  located on Jagtvej 69 in Nørrebro, Copenhagen.

Naib
The word "naib"  is an Arabic word meaningone who is in command.

780 Armenia
780 Armenia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Bagh, NWFP
Bagh is a Union Council Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Havelian Tehsil
Havelian Tehsil is a subdivision Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Tehsil
A tehsil  is a unit government in in Republic India - it is similar to a county.

Baekdu Mountain
Changbai Mountain is highest mountain in China.

Pakistandard Time
Pakistandard Time  is time zone for & Occupiedmir - it is 5 hours ahead GMT/UTC.

Dhamtour
Dhamtour is a Union Council located in Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province Location.

781 Kartvelia
781 Kartvelia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Kate Beckinsale
Kathryn Bailey Beckinsale  is an actress, known for her roles in films "Pearl Harbor" , "Underworld"  "Van Helsing" .

Printed circuit board
A circuit board is a card made specially for attaching electronic components.

Pantera
Pantera was a band from Arlington in Texas, USA.

Pan's Labyrinth
"Pan's Labyrinth"  is an Academy Award-winning language fantasy movie written directed by movie-maker Guillermo del Toro.

Transubstantiation
Transubstantiation is belief Catholics other churches that bread wine that is eaten drank at Mass becomes  body blood Jesus, whos believe is son God.

Children Bodom
Children Bodom is a metal band from Espoo ind.

782 Montefiore
782 Montefiore is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Near-Earth asteroid
Near-Earth asteroids  are asteroids whosebits are close to Earth'sbit.

783 Nora
783 Nora is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

784 Pickeringia
784 Pickeringia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Abbottabad Central
Abbottabad Central is a Union Council Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Naib Nazim
A Naib Nazim, deputy Nazim, is an elected governmentficial in.

Cherbourg-Octeville
Cherbourg-Octeville is a city ince.

3 Inches Blood
3 Inches Blood is a metal band from Vancouver in Canada.

Swiss Federal Council
The Swiss Federal Council  is group seven people who are federal governmentd.

Bengal
Bengal is a Divided region in South Asia that is split between two countries - India.

World Wrestling Entertainment programs
World Wrestling Entertainment  has a wide range shows all over world, including television, films, online, video on demand pay-per-views.

Miley Stewart
Miley Ray Stewart, Hannaha is a fictional character played by Miley Cyrus on Disneynel television show "Hannaha".

Nazareth
Nazareth   is capital city north district Israel.

785a
785a is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Scanlation
Scanlation  is a word for manga comics which have been scanned translated by fans from languageyre in before  to a different language, usually, French.

KolibriOS
KolibriOS is a free open source operating system written all in assembly.

Obergösgen
Obergösgen is a municipality in district Gösgen in canton Solothurn ind.

Oekingen
Oekingen is a municipality in district Wasseramt in canton Solothurn ind.

Oensingen
Oensingen is a municipality in district Gäu in canton Solothurn ind.

Olten
Olten is a city in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

O. J. Simpson
Orenthal James "O.

Woody Guthrie
Woodrow Wilson Guthrie, better known as Woody Guthrie , was an folk musician songwriter, century.

East Bengal
East Bengal is eastern Bengal.

Seer Sharqi
Seer Sharqi is a Union Council Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Bagnotar
Bagnotar is a Union Council Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Clinton, Oneida County, New York
Clinton is a village in Oneida County, New York, United States.

Charleston, South Carolina
Charleston is a city in Berkeley Charleston counties in U.S.

Taunton, Massachusetts
Taunton is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Gerhard Ertl
Professor Gerhard Ertl is a physicist in Department Physical Chemistry Fritz Haber Institute MPG.

Francesco Hayez
Francesco Hayez  was main artistticism in mid-19th-century in, he isll known for for his grand historical paintings excellent portraits.

John William Waterhouse
John William Waterhouse  was an painter.

Toontown
Toontown is a fictional city near Los Angeles where animated characters, "toons", live.

786 Bredichina
786 Bredichina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

787 Moskva
787 Moskva is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Semantic Web
Thetic Web is a project W3C in which uses metadata to let computers understand information on internet.

Langlade County, Wisconsin
Langlade County is a county located in U.S.

Adams County, Wisconsin
Adams County is a county located in U.S.

Ligaria cuneifolia
Ligaria cuneifolia van Tigh, (syn.

Hypersonic (disambiguation)
Hypersonic speeds are speeds that are highly supersonic.

Hypersonic
In aerodynamics, hypersonic speeds are speeds that are highly supersonic.

Great Langton
Great Langton is a village in county Northire.

Leonid Hurwicz
Professor Leonid "Leo" Hurwicz was an economist mathematician.

Virtual private network
A virtual private network VPN for, is a way connecting two computers through a network.

Dial-up
Dial-up internet access, usually just called Dial-up, is way connecting toet by using a telephone line.

IPass
iPass is a company that lets business users connect toet wheny are not in work even on holiday.

Shai Hulud
Shai Hulud is a hardcore punk band with progressive metal influencesed ino Beach, Florida in 1995.

788 Hohensteina
788 Hohensteina is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Broadband
Broadband is way moving information across a network is speed internet connections.

Lloyds TSB
Lloyds TSB is world's banks.

Gresham Street
Gresham Street, is a street in City London, it isd after Thomasam runs from St.

Thomasam
Sir Thomasam (c.

Listce artists
This a listce artists begins in century  includes famous painters sculptors.

Rose Bowl (game)
The Rose Bowl Game is a college football bowl game at Rose Bowl .

Fiesta Bowl
The Fiesta Bowl is a college football bowl game at University Phoenix Stadium.

Sugar Bowl
The Sugar Bowl is a college football bowl game ata Superdome.

Uffizi
The Uffizi Gallery , is oldest famous art museums in world.

Whitehall
Whitehall is a road in Westminster in London,d.

Whitehall (disambiguation)
Whitehall is also several places.

Dawlish Warren
Dawlish Warren is a seaside resort.

Fuchsia
"Fuchsia" is a genus flowering plants.

Josebadia
Josebadia Uribelarrea  is a Basque writer a member Basque armed group ETA.

SpongeBobts (character)
"SpongeBobts"  is a yellow sea sponge main character Nicktoon "SpongeBobts".

Lorenzoi
Fr Lorenzoi Comparetti  was a priest Catholic Church in Italy.

Ariel Rubinstein
Ariel Rubinstein  is an Israeli writer economist.

789 Lena
789 Lena is a medium-sized X-type asteroidbiting in Main belt near Eunomia family.

Mosaic
Mosaic is art decorating a surface with pictures patterns made little pieces stone, glass tiles different colours.

Odilon Redon
Odilon Redon  was a Symbolist painter printmaker, born in Bordeaux, Aquitaine,ce.

Pinniped
Pinnipeds ("fin-feet", lit.

Wizards Waverly Place
"Wizards Waverly Place" is a 2007 Disneynel television series.

Cory in House
"Cory in House" is a 2007 Disneynel television series.

John A. Macdonald
Sir Johnder Macdonald,  was Prime Minister Canada dominant figure Confederation.

The Justice League
The Justice League is a fictional DC Comics superhero team.

Even Stevens
Even Stevens is a Disneynel television series about an family.

Trojan asteroid
The asteroids are a group asteroids that move around Sun at same distance as planet Jupiter.

Christopher Lloyd
Christopher Allen Lloyd  is an Emmy Award-winning actor.

The Buzz on Maggie
Summary.

Green Arrow
Green Arrow is a fictional character, published by DC Comics.

The Replacements (TV show)
Summary.

Aquaman
Aquaman is a fictional comic book superhero published by DC Comics.

Green
Green is several fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by DC Comics.

August Kopff
August Kopff  was a astronomer who found many comets asteroids.

Great Yarmouth
Great Yarmouth,ten known to locals as Yarmouth, is an coastal town in Norfolk.

790 Pretoria
790 Pretoria is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

S/2004 S 3
is designation an object seenbiting Saturn just beyond farther F ring on 21 June, 2004.

S/2004 S 4
is designation an object that astronomers don't know for sure if it exists seenbiting Saturn within closer F ring on 21 June, 2004.

S/2004 S 6
is designation a dusty object seenbiting Saturn very close to F ring.

Joel Hastings Metcalf
Joel Hastings Metcalf  was an astronomer.

Gräfendorf
Gräfendorf is a municipality in district Main-Spessart in Bavaria iny, near Würzburg, Aschaffenburgkfurt.

Imaginary number
Imaginary numbers, represented by "i", are defined asula_1.

Eric S. Maskin
Eric Stark Maskin  is an economist who won a Nobel prize with Leonid Hurwicz Roger Myerson, for economics in 2007.

Roger B. Myerson
Roger Bruce Myerson  is an economist co-winner, with Leonid Hurwicz Eric Maskin, 2007 Nobel Prize in Economics "for having laid foundations mechanism designory." He has made contributions as an economist, as an applied mathematician, as a political scientist.

Mario R. Capecchi
Mario Renato Capecchi  is an-born molecular geneticist who won 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology Medicine along with Sir Martin J.

Kaunas
Kaunas, also known by several others, is city inia was a temporary capital.

Warp technology
Warp Technology is fictional technology created within science fiction.

Warp factor
Warp factor is a science fiction concept.

Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters  was a astronomer, to find asteroids.

Soest,y
Soest  is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

History Europe
The history Europe means all time when humans lived in continent up to present day.

World Games
World Games are international competion in several sports since edition in 1981.

Peace Westphalia
The Peace Westphalia refers to pair treaties, Treaty Osnabrück Treaty Münster, signed on May 15 October 24 1648, which ended both Thirty Years' War Eighty Years' War.

Flanimals
"Flanimals" is a children's adults' book written by comedian Ricky Gervais.

American Roulette
"American Roulette" is a 1987 song by Robbie Robertson.

Trolleybus
A trolleybus  is a bus, which get its power for electric engine from a pair powerlines, which is above street.

Exxon valdez disaster
The Exxon Valdez disaster was a shipping accident which happened in Prince William Sound, Alaska, United States, on March 24, 1989.

Van Hool
VanHool is a company, which builds buses.

Battle Antietam
The Battle Antietam  was a battle fought on September 17, 1862.

791 Ani
791 Ani is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

792 Metcalfia
792 Metcalfia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Spirited Away
Spirited Away is an anime movie by Hayao Miyazaki.

Rachel Weisz
Rachel Hannah Weisz  is an Academy Award-winning actress.

Old French
Old French wasce dialect continuum spoken in places northern half modernces modern Belgiumd from around 1000 to 1300.

Deborah Sampson
Deborah Sampson was a woman that dressed as a man, so that she could join soldiers in Revolutionary War.

Groundskeeper Willie
Groundskeeper Willie is a fictional character in long-running cartoon show "The Simpsons".

Dialectic
In philosophy, dialectic is an argument conflict between different groups people.

793 Arizona
793 Arizona is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Hans Luther
Hans Luther  was a politiciancellory.

794 Irenaea
794 Irenaea is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Crossover (music)
A crossover is a term in music.

Council Trent
Council Trent was Ecumenical council Catholic Church.

Du gamla, du fria
Du gamla, du fria is national anthem Sweden.

Gospel Matthew
The Gospel Matthew is a book Bible.

Gospel Mark
The Gospel Mark is a book Bible.

Gospel Luke
The Gospel Luke is a book Bible.

Gospel John
The Gospel John is a book Bible.

Sofia Rotaru
Sofia Mihailovna Evdokimenko-Rotaru , simply known as Sofia Rotaru, is a popular,,ly Soviet singer, actress producer.

Epistle tos
The Epistle tos Letter tos, is letters written by Apostle Paul to a church elsewhere.

Moe Szyslak
Moe Szyslak is a fictional character on long running TV show The Simpsons.

First Epistle tos
The First Epistle tos, First Letter tos, is a long letter written by Apostle Paul to church in Corinth.

Epistle to Hebrews
The Epistle to Hebrews Letter to Hebrews is letters New Testament.

Alan Kuo
Alan Kuo  is a rock singer actor.

C-rock
C-rock is for rock music.

Rubber mold
A mold consists two plates alighment pins for a sure fit.The upper lower plate each having grooves recesses for actual product excess material.

Cleo Lemon
Cleotha Lemon, Jr.

Reformed churches
The Reformed churches are a groupt denominations that are historically related by a doctrine that is identical similar to Calvinism.

Augsburg Confession
The "Augsburg Confession", also known as "Augustana" from its Latin, "Confessioa," is important confession faith Church.

Norbert Brainin
Norbert Brainin, , was violinist Amadeus Quartet, world's highly regarded string quartets.

Amadeus Quartet
The Amadeus Quartet was a world famous string quartet founded in 1947.

Valeri Brainin
Valeri Brainin,/German musicologist, music manager, composer, poet.

Partisan Review
"Partisan Review" was an political literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003, though it suspended publication between October 1936 December 1937.

List language poets
Poets who wrote muchir poetry in language.

Blue Eyed Soul
Blue Eyed Soul is a term Soul R&B music sung by white people.

Recherswil
Recherswil is a municipality in district Wasseramt, in canton Solothurn ind.

Boston,ire
Boston is a town port inire, on east coastd.

Stade
Stade is a city in Lower Saxony,y.

Stade (district)
Stade is a district  in Lower Saxony,y.

Hasselt (Overijssel)
Hasselt is a town about 7 km north Zwolle, in Dutch province Overijssel.

Chain letter
A chain letter is a message that tries to cause person who gets it to make copies lettern passm on to as many people as possible.

Stanisław Ulam
Stanisław Marcin Ulam  was a mathematician who took in project proposed design Teller-Ulamrmonuclearapons.

Reichsuniversität Straßburg
The Reichsuniversität Straßburg was founded 1941 by National Socialists in Alsace.

Somatosensory system
The somatosensory system is a sensory system that detects experiences labelled as touch pressure, temperature , pain  that belong to proprioception.

Schandmaul
Schandmaul is a medieval folk rock band from Munich,y.

795 Fini
795 Fini is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Flash (tattoo)
A flash  is a design picture that is used inder to create a tattoo.

Itch
Itch  is an unpleasant sensation that leads to desire reflex to scratch.

Tony Hibbert
Tony Hibbert  in an footballer.

Leighton Baines
Leighton Baines is an footballer who plays for Everton in FA Premier League movedre from Athletic in 2007.

Joseph Yobo
Joseph Yobo  is a footballer who plays for Everton in FA Premier League.

Joleon Lescott
Joleon Lescott is an footballer who plays for Everton in FA Premier League.

Mikel Arteta
Mikel Arteta is a footballer who plays for Everton F.C.

Ecchi
"Ecchi" comes from word meaning "lewd", "sexy", "lascivious", "naughty" when used as an adjective, it can mean to have sexual intercourse when it is used as a verb noun.

John Winter
John Winter  was aather man for NBC's news channel WFLA-TV in Tampa, Florida.

Saskia van Uylenburgh
Saskia van Uylenburgh  was wife Dutch painterdt van Rijn model for great artist's paintings drawings.

Ecliptic
The ecliptic is apparent path that Sun traces in sky during year.

Janggu
The janggu  is a traditional drum.

Kkwaenggwari
The Kkwaenggwari  is a gong used in a folk music.

Singaporegi Airport
Singaporegi Airport, simplygi Airport, is ae airport in Asia,icularly in Southeast region, is main airport in Singapore.

Middle class
The Middle class describes people in US who are not aristocrats nor underclass.

No Mercy (2007)
No Mercy 2007 was a professional wrestling event available on pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Reverse osmosis
Reverse osmosis is a separation process that uses pressure to force a solution through a membrane that keeps solute on side lets pure solvent to go to other side.

Transport Layer Security
Transport Layer Security  Protocol its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer , are cryptographic protocols that provide security data integrity for communications over IP networks such aset.

Democratic Party
The Democratic Party was founded by Thomas Jefferson James Madison in 1792.

Strict construction
Strict construction means a restriction judicial interpretation.

Radio Luxembourg (band)
Radio Luxembourg are an indie/pop band from Aberystwyth, Wales.

796 Sarita
796 Sarita is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

797a
797a is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

798 Ruth
798 Ruth is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Assisi
Assisi is a town in Italy, in region Umbria.

Federalist Party
The Federalist Party  was an politicaly in period 1792 to 1816.

Maroon Berets
The Maroon Berets are an elite armed force that was created byficers from Army.

Coalition
A coalition is an alliance, where members work together.

International relations
International relations, is a branch political science.

Political science
Political science is a branch social science that is concerned withory, description, analysis prediction political behavior, political systems politics.

Thnks fr th Mmrs
"Thnks fr th Mmrs" is a 2007 song by Fall Out Boy.

That's What You Get
That's What You Get is a 2008 song by Paramore.

Dimensionless quantity
In dimensional analysis, a dimensionless quantity  is a quantity without any physical units thus a pure number.

Dancing with Stars
"Dancing with Stars" is a television series where professional dancers arenered with celebrities.

Tartu
Tartu is city in Estonia.

Infinity on High
"Infinity on High" is a 2007 album by Fall Out Boy.

Yellow Submarine
"Yellow Submarine" is a 1968 animated cartoon movie, based on music The Beatles, was inspired byir song same.

Discrete cosine transform
A discrete cosine transform is a math process that is things MP3s, JPEGs.

799 Gudula
799 Gudula is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Donald Tusk
Donald Tusk  is Prime Ministerd .

French polish
French polishing is a way giving a high standard finish to wood.

Irregular bone
The irregular bones are bones that fromir peculiar, cannot be grouped as long bone, bone, flat bone sesamoid bone.

Representation (politics)
In politics, representation describes how political power is given from ae group for a certain time period in hands a comparatively group its members.

Lag
Lag is when a computer game is slowern normal.

Sortition
Sortition, also known as allotment, is a method selection by lottery.

Round Table
The Round Table was a table used by King Arthur his knights, in legends about him.

This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race
This Ain't A Scene, It's an Arms Race is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy, from album "Infinity on High".

The Carpal Tunnel Love
The Carpal Tunnel Love is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy.

The Take Over, Breaks Over
"The Take Over, The Breaks Over"  is a 2007 song by band Fall Out Boy.

Doge
Doge  is a word an dialect that comes from Latin "dux" , that means "leader", especially in a military context.

Valverde Province
Valverde is a province Republic.

800nia
800nia is an S-type asteroid in Flora family in Main Belt.

Serket
Serket was an ancient goddess.

Tempera
Tempera  is a type artist's paint.

Decision-making
Decision making is mental process that leads to selection an action among several alternatives.

Trichotillomania
Trichotillomania , "trich" as it is commonly known, is a disorder causing a person to take hair from anywhere on body,times ending in notable areas without hair.

Terror
Terror is a state fear, an overwhelming sense imminent danger.

Reign Terror
The Reign Terror  simply The Terror  was a period about 11 months during French Revolution.

Political faction
A political faction is a grouping individuals, especially within a politicalganisation, such as a politicaly, a trade union, other group with a political purpose.

French Constitution 1791
The French Constitution 1791 was very written Constitutionce.

The Knights Round Table
The Knights Round Tablere characters in legends about King Arthur.

Executive (government)
In political science constitutional law, executive is branch government that is responsible for day-to-day management state.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climatege
Themental Panel on Climatege  is a group scientists chosen by governments othere groups from around world who study chance that humans may make Earth heat up unnaturally.

Zimmermann Telegram
Then Telegram  was a telegram sent to Mexico fromy on January 16, 1917.

Battle Stalingrad
The Battle Stalingrad is a used by people in sources for severale battles byy its friends Soviet forces conducted with purpose owning city "Stalingrad", which took place between 17 July 1942 February 2 1943, during Second World War.

World War I reparations
World War I reparations means payments transfers property equipment thaty was following its defeat during World War I.

Richard III (play)
"Richard III" is a history play written by William Shakespeare.

Lojban
Lojban is an Engineered language that people speak.

Annulment
Annulment is a method in Catholic Church undoing a marriage, similar to divorce.

Osroene
Osroene , also known by its capital city, Edessa , was a historic kingdom located on present-day border Syria Turkey.

BRIT Awards
The BRIT Awards , are awards given yearly by Phonographic Industry  forstanding work in music.

Sound Underground
"Sound Underground" was a 2003 album by Girls Aloud.

What Will Neighbours Say?
"What Will The Neighbours Say?" was a 2004 album by Girls Aloud.

Chemistry (album)
"Chemistry" was a 2005 album by Girls Aloud.

The Sound Girls Aloud
"The Sound Girls Aloud" was a 2006 album by Girls Aloud that featured allir popular songs so far.

Tangled Up
"Tangled Up" was a 2007 album by Girls Aloud.

Oil painting
Oil painting is a way painting pictures with "pigments"  that are held together by medium oil.

John Law (economist)
John Law  was a economist who believed that money was only a means exchange that did not havealth in itself, that nationalalth depended on trade.

List The Simpsons characters
Below is a list characters from popular animated comedy television show The Simpsons.

Edicts Ashoka
The Edicts Ashoka are a collection 33 inscriptions on "Pillars Ashoka", asll as stones cave walls, made by Emperor Ashoka dynasty during his reign from 272 to 231 BCE.

Proselytism
Proselytism is practice attempting to convert people to another opinion,icularly, another religion.

Eastern Catholic Churches
The word Catholic Churches refers to a number Churches.

Ken Hitchcock
Ken Hitchcock  is a NHL ice hockey coach.

Armistice
An armistice is effective end a war, whenies agree to stop fighting.

Armistice withy (Compiègne)
The armistice treaty between Allies, who foughty during World War I,y was signed in a railway carriage in Compiègne Forest on November 11, 1918, marked end First World War on Front.

WWE SmackDown
"WWE SmackDown" is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment  currently it is only television broadcast for SmackDown! brand.

Nationwide Arena
Nationwide Arena is a sports arena located in Columbus, Ohio.

The Beatles (album)
"The Beatles" is a 1968 album by band same, The Beatles.

Albert Fert
Professor Albert Fert is a French physicist who was born on March 7 1938.

Peter Grünberg
Professor Peter Andreas Grünberg is a physicist who was born on May 18, 1939.

Easter eggplant
Easter Whitet is a plantade family, related with aubergine ; Stem leafstalks are green, very faintly tinged with purple, bear a few white spines.

Sienna Guillory
Sienna Tiggy Guillory )  is an actress she a model.

Super Mario Bros. 2
Super Mario Bros.

Sierra Mist
Sierra Mist is a lemon lime soft drink similar to 7 Up Sprite.

Khan
Khan should not be confused with Kahn, which is a surname.

Khan (title)
"This article is about title.

Crime in Russia
Crime in Russia is present in differents.

Crime in India
Crime is present in variouss in India.

Crime against foreigners in India
There are many incidents violent crime against foreigner in India.

Birthmark
A birthmark is a mark on skin that people are born with.

Pskov
Pskov ) is an old city that can be found in north-west Russia about 20 km east from border, on Velikaya River.

Perth, Perth Kinross
Perth  is a royal burgh in centerd on edge River Tay.

Nevermore
Nevermore is a metal band from Seattle in USA.

Machine Head
Machine Head is a metal band fromd in California.

Fritz Haber Institute MPG
The Fritz Haber Institute Maxck Society is a science research group in Dahlem, Berlin,y.

Microformat
A Microformat is an attempt to re-use existing content in HTML XML documents.

VCard
vCard is a standard documentat for electronic business cards.

British War Medal
The War Medal was a medal given to people who had fought in First World War.

Michel Fourniret
Michel Fourniret  is a French criminal.

Amber-colouredder
The Amber-colouredder  is a salamander in Hynobiidae family animals.

Cloudedder
The Cloudedder  is a type salamander in Hynobiidae family animals.

Pontius Pilate
Pontius Pilate  was governor Iudaea province from 26 until 36.

Ezoder
The Ezoder Hokkaidoder  is a salamander in Hynobiidae family animals.

Stockbroker
A stockbroker isone who buys sells stock on stock exchange.

Kori salamander
The Kori salamander, "Hynobius yangi", is a salamander found in southeastern South Korea.

Hynobius amjiensis
"Hynobius amjiensis" is a salamander in Hynobiidae family animals.

Zutphen
Zutphen is a city in provinced inds.

Satu Mare
Satu Mare (pronunciation in:; is a city with a population 160,421 people is capital Satu Mare County,ia.

Schwaz
Schwaz is a city in Tyrol, Austria.

Philadelphia Phillies
The Philadelphia Phillies  are a Major League Baseball team.

Marc Dutroux
Marc Dutroux  is a criminal.

Trento
Trento is an italian city that can be found in Adige River valley in Südtirol.

Znojmo
Znojmo  is a town in South Region Czech Republic, near border with Lower Austria.

Candelaria (municipality)
Candelaria is 11 municipalities that make up state Campeche .

Šilalė
Šilalė  is a city in Tauragė County,ia.

Rosignano Solvay
Rosignano Solvay  is a town in italian comuneo Marittimo in provincey, Livorno.

Rolando Filidei
Rolando Filidei born in 1914 in Navacchio died ino Solvay in 1980.

Diplom
Diplom  is a high level degree.

Traralgon, Victoria
Traralgon is a regional city in Victoria, Australia.

Yerzin, Salih Yusupovich
Yerzin, Salih Yusupovich  - prominent Tatar businessman patron arts who financed construction mosque in Moscow .

Tatars
Tatars are a Turkic-speaking ethnic group.

Gupta Empire
The Gupta Empire was ruled by members Gupta dynasty from around 320 to 550 AD covered North-central India, Gupta Empire ; is nowstern India.

North Melbourne Football Club
The North Melbourne Football Club is a football club.

England national football team
Thed national football team are a team who play association football ford.

Portman Road
Portman Road is home association football ground club Ipswich Town F.C.

Norwich City F.C.
Norwich City F.C.

G-Man (Half-Life)
The G-Man is mysterious character that constatly appears interferes in Valve Software games Half-Life, Half-Life 2,.

Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Queens Park Rangers Football Club, is an association football club from London.

801 Helwerthia
801 Helwerthia is a C-type asteroidbiting in Main belt near Eunomia family.

List Bangkok universities
This is a list colleges universities in Bangkok,d.

List palaces in Bangkok
Former private residences Thai royal family .

802 Epyaxa
802 Epyaxa is an asteroid belonging to Flora family in Main Belt.

Watford F.C.
Watford F.C.

Sheffield United F.C.
Sheffield United F.C.

Barnsley F.C.
Barnsley F.C.

Birmingham City F.C
Birmingham City F.C.

Burnley F.C.
Burnley F.C.

Azua Province
Azua is a province Republic.

Cardiff City F.C.
Cardiff City F.C.

Colchester United F.C.
Colchester United F.C.

Coventry City F.C.
Coventry City F.C.

Crewedra F.C.
Crewedra F.C.

Crystal Palace F.C.
Crystal Palace F.C.

Hull City A.F.C.
Hull City A.F.C.

Golden Age India
Many periods have been called golden periods in History India, becauserere different important achievements at different times.

Enoch Powell
Enoch Powell  was a politician in Conservative Party.

Monetarism
Monetarism is belief that right way for a government to manage a country's economy is to control how much money it prints.

Super Mario All-Stars
Super Mario All-Stars is a video game made by NIntendo for Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Super Marioine
is a 2002 video game made by Nintendo for Nintendo GameCube.

African elephant
African elephants are two species elephants in genus "Loxodonta", two existing genera intidae.

History United Kingdom
The United Kingdom Great Britaind is sovereign state.

Leeds United A.F.C.
Leeds United A.F.C.

Acts Union 1707
The Acts Unionre a pair Parliamentary Acts passed in 1706 1707 by, respectively, Parliamentd Parliamentd, to make effecrive Treaty Union which had been negotiated between two countries.

El Paso,a
El Paso is a village in Potaro-Siparuni regiona.

Provinces
Iran is provinces .

Counties
The provinces are divided more into counties called shahrestan .

Tehran Province
Tehran Province  is 30 provinces.

Leicester City F.C.
Leicester City F.C.

Damavand County
Damavand County  is a county Province in.

Eslamshahr County
Eslamshahr County  is a county Province in.

Firouzkouh County
Firouzkouh County  is a county Province in.

Karaj County
Karaj County  is a county Province in.

Luton Town F.C.
Luton Town F.C.

Millwall F.C.
Millwall F.C.

Nazarabad County
"Nazarabad County  is a county Province in.

Pakdasht County
Pakdasht County  is a county Province in.

Preston North End F.C.
Preston North End F.C.

Rey County
Rey County  is a county Province in.

Robat-Karim County
Robat-Karim County  is a county Province in.

Savojbolagh County
Savojbolagh County  is a county Province in.

Shahriar County
Shahriar County  is a county Province in.

Shemiranat County
Shemiranat County  is a county Province in.

Tehran County
Tehran County  is a county Province in.

Varamin County
Varamin County  is a county Province in.

The New Den
The New Den is a stadium in London,d.

Untouched (song)
"Untouched" is a 2007 song by band The Veronicas.

Les Cayes
Les Cayes  is a town in southwest Haiti near river "Ravine du Sud", on coast.

Spitz (dog)
Spitz-type breeds dog have long thick fur that isten white, pointed ears noses.

Southampton F.C.
Southampton F.C.

Southend United F.C.
Southend United F.C.

Stoke City F.C.
Stoke City F.C.

Stanley Matthews
Stanley Matthews  was a famous footballer.

Blackpool F.C.
Blackpool F.C.

Articles Confederation
The Articles Confederation Perpetual Union, also known as Articles Confederation, was governing document, constitution, United States America.

History United States
The United States America developed from colonies that argued against tax with phrase, "No taxation without representation".

Power law
A power law is a mathematical function, a rule to find number  from another number .

Exponential function
formula_10 "c" can be any number "a" can be any number than zero.

Computer file
A computer file is a means to store information that belongs together.

File (tool)
A file is a tool.

Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Sheffield Wednesday F.C.

De Wallen
De Wallen  are famous red-light district in Amsterdam.

Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Wolverhampton Wanderers are an association football club.

A.F.C. Bournemouth
A.F.C.

Jamie Redknapp
Jamie Redknapp is an footballer.

Bradford City A.F.C.
Bradford City A.F.C.

Arenalo National Park
Arenalo National Park is a national park located in northwest region Costa Rica.

Faded (song)
Faded is a 2006 song by Kate DeAraugo, winner Idol in 2005.

Emergency (song)
Emergency is a 2005 song by Paramore.

Roger D. Kornberg
Professor Roger David Kornberg is an biochemist who was born on.

All We Know Is Falling
"All We Know Is Falling" is debut album band Paramore.

Businessperson
A businessperson  isone who works at an job that focuses on making money.

Werl
Werl is a town found in district Soest in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Tangent (geometry)
In geometry, a tangent is a straight line that touches a curve at point.

History North America
The History North America deals with an area where humans came to live relatively recently,, Europe, Asia.

Brentford F.C.
Brentford City F.C.

Harry Redknapp
Harry Redknapp is an association football manager.

PDF (disambiguation)
PDF is commonly means Portable Document Format in computing.

Cough
A cough, also known as tussis is a sudden,ten repeated, spasmodic contraction thoracic cavity, resulting in violent release air from lungs, usually accompanied by a distinctive sound.

Creation myth
A creation myth is a story.

Tarantula
Tarantula is common for a group "hairy"ten verye spiders belonging to family Theraphosidae, which approximately 900 species have been identified.

Hunter-gatherer
A hunter-gatherer society is who lives from edible plants animals from wild, by gathering hunting.

Fileat
Fileats are also known as file types.

803 Picka
803 Picka is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Lascaux
Lascaux is given to a number caves in southwesternce famous forir cave paintings.

Bobby Charlton
Bobby Charlton  an footballer who played ford national football team.

Gary Lineker
Gary Lineker association football.

Geoff Hurst
Geoff Hurst a professional footballer.

Parliamentd
The Parliamentd,ficially Estates Parliament, was legislature independent Kingdomd.

Cocod
Cocod is tropical islands in world.

Decoritidae
Decoritidae is five families Gastriocerataceae superfamily.

Gastriocerataceae
Gastriocerataceae is 17 superfamilies Goniatitina suborder.

Goniatitina
Goniatitina is 2 suborders Goniatitidader.

Alf Ramsey
Alf Ramsey was an footballer football manager.

Qom Province
Qom is 30 provinces with an area 11,237 km².

Qom County
Qom County  is a county Qom Province in.

Markazi Province
"Markazi  is 30 provinces.

Ashtian County
Ashtian County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Arak County
Arak County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Delijan County
Delijan County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Khomein County
Khomein County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Komeijan County
Komeijan County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Mahallat County
Mahallat County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Saveh County
Saveh County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Shazand County
Shazand  is a county Markazi Province in.

Tafresh County
Tafresh County  is a county Markazi Province in.

Zarandieh County
Zarandieh County  is a county Markazi Province in.

E.T. Extra-Terrestrial
"E.T.

Alex Ferguson
Sir Alex Ferguson is a association football manager.

Lunar phase
Throughout month,the moon goes through lunar phases.

Tocharians
Thesre Indo language-speaking inhabitants Tarim basin.

Information technology
Information technology is use electronic computers computer software to convert, store, protect, process, transmit, securely retrieve information.

History Asia
The history Asia can be seen as history several distinct regions, East Asia, South Asia, Middle East that have more context depending situation in central steppe.

Periphery
Generally, a periphery is a boundary any space body.

International Mathematical Olympiad
Theational Mathematical Olympiad  is a six-question two-day math competition for students that have not yetnt to college are under 20 years old.

Edmund S. Phelps
Edmund Strother "Ned" Phelps, Jr.

Nanotechnology
Nanotechnology is a field applied science technology that is about control matter on atomic molecular scale, generally 100 nanometers, development devices with critical dimensions that lie within that size range.

Hattem
Hattem is a municipality a city in easternds.

Alex
Alex is a association football manager.

Óscar Arias
Oscar Arias, born on 13 September 1940 in city Heredia, is current President Costa Rica.

Universal History
Universal History, World History Global History examines history from a global perspective.

Brewery
A brewery is a building, where beer is made a business  whose trade is production sale beer.

Butane
Butane is an alkane.

Liquefied petroleum gas
Liquefied petroleum gas  is a mixture hydrocarbon gases.

Aerosol spray
Aerosol spray is system used in certain containers, spray cans.

Max Born
Max Born  was a physicist mathematician who was important for development quantum mechanics.

United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs
The United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs  is a branch United Nations General Assembly.

Craig C. Mello
Professor Craig Cameron Mello is an biologist Professor Molecular Medicine at University Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester, Massachusetts.

Vicar Bray
Wooden Barque Built in Whitehaven, by Robert Hardy.

Maharishi Yogi
Maharishi Yogi  was an guru .

Brighton Hove Albion F.C.
Brighton Hove Albion F.C.

Bristol City F.C.
Bristol City F.C.

Chesterfield F.C.
"Chesterfield F.C.

Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Doncaster Rovers F.C.

Huddersfield Town F.C.
Huddersfield Town F.C.

Sanskara
In Hinduism Buddhism Sanskaras are faint memories left on your mind by experiences you had in your present life in past lives.

Supernanny
"Supernanny" is a television program about a nanny, baby sitterd Jo Frost who helps parents in taking careir naughty children.

Keyboard (computer)
"For other types keyboards, please see Keyboard ." A computer keyboard is an important device that allows a computer user to enter characters (e.g.

Rhythm guitar
The term rhythm guitar refers to style playing a guitar by strumming chords,times playing repeated riffs, instead using guitar to play melody lines soloes.

Book Revelation
The Book Revelation, which istimes called Revelation to John, Apocalypse John, Revelation Jesus Christ is last book New Testament in Bible.

Theodore
Theodore  was a novelist poet, regarded by many to be important-century-language realist writer.

Argument perihelion
The Argument perihelion, also known as argument periapsis argument perifocus  isbital element describing angle anbiting body's periapsis , relative to its ascending node .

Pachelbel's Canon
Pachelbel's Canon  is famous piece music byn Pachelbel.

Damme
Damme is a municipality located in province Westders, six kilometres northeast Brugge .

Hit record
A hit record is a recording  that becomes very popular, throughe sales copies, repeated airplay, presence in media.

Pauline epistles
The Pauline epistles are fourteen New Testament books whichs thinkre written by Apostle Paul.

Viljandi
Viljandi  is a town municipality in southern Estonia.

Sinners in Hands an Angry God
Sinners in Hands an Angry God is famous sermon that was preached by Edwards in 1741.

Physical constant
A physical constant is a size,thing that has been measured, which has a special meaning for physics.

Cookstown
Cookstown is a town ind which is in United Kingdom.

Dungannon
Dungannon is a town ind, in United Kingdom.

Coagh
Coagh is a village ind, in United Kingdom.

Stewartstown
Stewartstown is a village ind, in United Kingdom.

Ballymena
Ballymena is a town ind, in United Kingdom.

Society St.Johngelist
The Society St.Johngelist is ander.

Magherafelt
Magherafelt is a town ind, in United Kingdom.

Constituent country
A constituent country is a country which makes up a a country, federation.

Leyton Orient F.C.
Leyton Orient F.C.

Northampton Town F.C.
Northampton Town F.C.

Countiesd
There are six counties which make upd.

Nottingham Forest F.C.
Nottingham Forest F.C.

Brian Clough
Brian Clough was an association football manager.

Irish national grid reference system
The national grid reference system is system grid references used ind Republicd.

Districtsd
Since 1 October 1973,d is made 26 districts.

Post town
In United Kingdom, a post town is town that you must write on a letter if you want it to go to that area.

Hudson Motor Cary
The Hudson Motor Cary was an automobile manufacturer, founded in Detroit, in 1909.

BT postcode area
The BT postcode area  is how each area ind has postcodes.

Northernd Fire Rescue Service
Thed Fire Rescue Service  is fire service ford, United Kingdom.

Northerndce Service
Thedce Service  is ambulance service ford, United Kingdom.

Września
Września is a town in Wielkopolska province ind.

Police Serviced
The Police Serviced   is police service that coversd.

Grameen Bank
The Grameen Bank is a community development bank started in, India.

United Kingdom Census 2001
On Sunday 29 April 2001 United Kingdomment held a census.

Hug
A hug is an embrace between two more people.

WWE Intercontinentalip
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Intercontinentalip is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.

Members Parliament for United Kingdom 2004-2009
This is a list Members Parliament for United Kingdom whore from 2004 to 2009.

Polygamy
Polygamy is a word that comes from late Greek.

Rickenbach, Solothurn
Rickenbach is a municipality in district Olten in canton Solothurn ind.

Neal Cassady
Neal Cassady  was a member Beat Generation circle writers poets, 1950s 1960s.

Riedholz
Riedholz is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Northernd (European Parliament constituency)
Northernd is a constituency Parliament.

Feldbrunnen-St. Niklaus
Feldbrunnen-St.Niklaus is a municipality in district in canton Solothurn ind.

Rodersdorf
Rodersdorf is a municipality in district Dorneck in canton Solothurn ind, on border Alsace,ce.

Beat Generation
The Beat Generation was a movement writers, poets, artists during 1950s 1960s, whod beat jazz bebop music, which became a soundtrack to muchir lives work.

Brill Building
The Brill Building in New York City was a headquarters for many songwriters in 1950s 1960s.

Chris Stewart
Chris Stewart is an musician writer.

Driving over Lemons
Driving over Lemons was autobiographical book by Chris Stewart.

John Silver
Jonathan  Silver was drummer for rock band Genesis.

John Mayhew
John Mayhew is an - musician.

Larch
Larches are conifers in genus "Larix".

Louise
Louise is two pitlane reporters for ITV's Formula One coverage.

Second Epistle tos
The Second Epistle tos is books in New Testament.

Visby
Visby is only city on islandd.

Kollam
Kollam   is a city a municipal corporation in Kollam district in state Kerala.

804ia
804ia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Aiglun, Alpes-Maritimes
Aiglun is a town commune Alpes-Maritimes "département", in southeasternce.

Alpes-Maritimes
Alpes-Maritimes  is a department in southeast cornerce.

Communesce
The "commune" is lowest administrative division in French Republic.

Cantonsce
The cantonsce are area divisions French Republic's 341 arrondissements 100 departments.

Arrondissementsce
The 100 French departments are "arrondissements".

List arrondissementsce
__TOC__ Lists by departments.

List cantonsce
Overseas departmentsce .

Prince Philip, Duke Edinburgh
The Prince Philip, Duke Edinburgh  is husband Queen Elizabeth II.

George IV United Kingdom
George IV  was king United Kingdom Great Britaind Hanover from 29 January 1820 until his death.

William IV United Kingdom
William IV  was King United Kingdom Great Britaind Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death.

Energy (society)
The use energy is very important to move along human society by helping it to change to fit problems facing environment.

Transformer
A transformer is a machine that moves electrical energy from circuit to another through electromagnetism.

Ballycastle
Ballycastle is a town ind, in United Kingdom.

Bangor, County Down
Bangor is a town in County Down,d.

Munich Rural District
Munich is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Act Union 1800
With Act Union 1800   is two Acts are meant.

Ebersberg Rural District
Ebersberg is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Freising Rural District
Freising is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Starnberg Rural District
Starnberg is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Traunstein Rural District
Traunstein is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Berchtesgadener Land Rural District
Berchtesgadener Land is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Rosenheim Rural District
Rosenheim is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

Banne
Banne is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Ardèche
Ardèche  is a department in center southernce.

Communes Ardèche department
This is a list 339 communes Ardèche "département" ince.

Accons
Accons is a town commune in Ardèche "département", in southce.

Ailhon
Ailhon is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southce.

Aizac
Aizac is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Muhammad Yunus
Muhammad Yunus is ai banker economist who was born on June 28 1940.

John Keats
John Keats  was an poet.

Endymion (poem)
Keats called poem "A Poeticalce." He wrote in four sections "Books," each section is about a thousand lines long.

Hyperion (poem)
"Hyperion" is major poemstic poet John Keats.

Arlo Guthrie
Arlo Guthrie  is an musician songwriter, is son folk music legend Woody Guthrie.

Sonnet
A Sonnet is a poem.

Golden ratio
If a person has number "a" another number "b", he can make ratio two numbers by dividingm.

Relational database
A relational database is a database where data it contains can be expressed with mathematical relations.

Kingdomd
The Kingdomd was a historic country.

Ajoux
Ajoux is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Alba-la-Romaine
Alba-la-Romaine is a commune French département Ardèche.

Albon-d'Ardèche
Albon-d'Ardèche is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Alboussière
Alboussière is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Alissas
Alissas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Arrondissement Largentière
The arrondissement Largentière is an arrondissementce.

Arrondissement Privas
The arrondissement Privas is an arrondissementce.

Jackson,
Jackson is a city in lower mid.

Protostome
Protostomes  are a taxon animals.

Earth, Texas
Earth is a city in Lamb County, Texas, United States.

Amazing Grace (2006 movie)
"Amazing Grace" is a 2006 movie about fight to end slave trade in century Britain.

Relation (mathematics)
In mathematics, a relation is certain properties things.

María Isabel Carvajal
Maria Isabel Carvajal  was a Costa writer teacher.

How Pop Can You Get?
How Pop Can You Get? was only album by band The Bats.

San Pedro de Macorís Province
San Pedro de Macorís is a province Republic.

Kurt Warner
Kurtis Eugene "Kurt" Warner  is quarterback for Arizona Cardinals.

Skokie, Illinois
Skokie, Illinois is a village in state Illinois.

WAV
WAV , for Waveform audioat, is a Microsoft IBM audio fileat standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs.

L.k Baum
Lymank Baum  was an writer children's books during late early centuries.

Book Jonah
The Old Testament book Jonah, contains four chapters, forty-eight verses.

Book Malachi
The Book Malachi, is last books Old Testament.

Trey Lewis
Trey Lewis  is an NFL football player.

Polotsk
Polotsk  is a historical city in Belarus, located on Dvina river.

Andance
Andance is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Annonay
Annonay is a town commune in north Ardèche "département"ce.

Antraigues-sure
Antraigues-sure is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Arcens
Arcens is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Ardoix
Ardoix is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Arlebosc
Arlebosc is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Arras-sur-Rhône
Arras-sur-Rhône is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Asperjoc
Asperjoc is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Les Assions
Les Assions is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Astet
Astet is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Aubenas
Aubenas is a city commune in southern Ardèche "département".

Aubignas
Aubignas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Baix
Baix is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Balazuc
Balazuc is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Barnas
Barnas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Beggars Banquet
"Beggars Banquet" is an album by band The Rolling Stones.

Hyles-Anderson College
Hyles-Anderson College is located in Crown Point,a.

Simon Fraser University
Simon Fraser University  is a university.

Albi
Albi is a city in southce, in Midi-Pyrénées department.

Bambi II
"Bambi II",iginally called "Bambi Great Prince"n "Bambi Great Prince Forest", is a 2006 midquel to 1942 movie "Bambi".

Deportivo Saprissa
The Deportivo Saprissa is a football team Costa Rica.

Chirripó National Park
Chirripó National Park is a national park in Costa Rica.

National Parks Costa Rica
Santa Rosa.

Bandera Azúl Ecologica
Bandera Azúl Ecologica is a program.

Sarchí, Costa Rica
Sarchi is located in a country call Costa Rica.

José Figueres Ferrer
José Figueres Ferrer (September 25, 1906 - June 8, 1990 was president Costa Rica three times.

Jaw
The jaw is bone in mouth that, in humans, lets mouth move up down inder to chew.

Battle Santa Rosa
The Battle Santa Rosa was a battle between forces Costa Rica Nicaragua.

Editus
Editus is a recognized Costa music grouped by Ricardo Ramírez, Edín Solís Carlos “Tapado” Vargas.

San José, Costa Rica
San José is capital city Costa Rica.

Cow Parade
Cow Parade is public art events world.

Poaso Costa Rica
The Poáso is an active volcano near town Poás, Alajuela, Costa Rica.

Gandhi (band)
Gandhi is a rock band from Costa Rica.

Clodomiro Picado
Clodomiro Picado Twight  was a born Costa scientist.

From Me To You
"From Me To You" is a song by The Beatles, written by John Lennon Paul McCartney.

Epistle tos
Ephesians, is forty-ninth book in Bible, in New Testament.

Endymion
Endymion is a human character in Greek mythology.

Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Samuel Taylor Coleridge  was an poet.

805 Hormuthia
805 Hormuthia is a planetbiting going around Sun in asteroid belt.

With Beatles
"With Beatles" is The Beatles' UK album.

Beatles for Sale
"Beatles for Sale" is The Beatles' album.

Rubber Soul
"Rubber Soul" is album by The Beatles.

Abbey Road
"Abbey Road" isficial album recorded by The Beatles.

Magical Mystery Tour
"Magical Mystery Tour" is a 1967 television movie made by The Beatles.

Hyperinflation
In economics, hyperinflation is inflation that is "out control," when prices increase very fast as money loses its value.

Brian May
Brian May  is a guitar player songwriter.

John Deacon
John Richard Deacon  is a retired musician.

Roger Taylor
Roger Taylor  is an musician.

Le Béage
Le Béage is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Beauchastel
Beauchastel is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Beaulieu, Ardèche
Beaulieu is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Paul Rodgers
Paul Rodgers,  is an rock singer songwriter.

Beaumont, Ardèche
Beaumont is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Beauvène
Beauvène is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Rouffiac-des-Corbières
Rouffiac-des-Corbières is a village in Frace.

Berrias-et-Casteljau
Berrias-et-Casteljau is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Berzème
Berzème is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Bessas
Bessas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Bidon
Bidon is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Boffres
Boffres is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Bogy
Bogy is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Borée
Borée is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Borne, Ardèche
Borne is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Boucieu-le-Roi
Boucieu-le-Roi is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Boulieu-lès-Annonay
Boulieu-lès-Annonay is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Bourg-Saint-Andéol
Bourg-Saint-Andéol is a commune Ardèche "département" in Rhône Valley in southernce.

Bozas
Bozas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Brossainc
Brossainc is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Burzet
Burzet is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Cellier-du-Luc
Cellier-du-Luc is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Chalencon
Chalencon is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Le Chambon, Ardèche
Le Chambon is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Chambonas
Chambonas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Queen (album)
"Queen" is self-titled album from rock band Queen, released in 1973.

Queen II
"Queen II" is album by rock band Queen,iginally released in 1974.

Sheer Heart Attack
"Sheer Heart Attack" is a Queen album from 1974.

Peyrepertuse castle
Peyrepertuse castle is Cathar castles.

Remlingen (Lower Saxony)
Remlingen is a municipality in district Wolfenbüttel.

Bryan Ruiz Gonzalez
Bryan Ruiz Gonzalez was born in August 18, 1985 in San Jose, Costa Rica.

Jacó, Costa Rica
Jacó is a town on coast in Costa Rica's Puntarenas province.

Irazuo National Park
Irazuo National Park is considered important active volcanoes Costa Rica.

Puerto Viejoca, Costa Rica
It is located in coast  Puerto Viejo is places that you can find in Costa Rica, because many species animals plants livere.

Cathar castles
Cathar castles  is a term used by French tourist industry; It in Languedoc-Roussillion, usually built during crusades against Cathars.

Château d'Usson
The Château d'Usson is Cathar castles that is now in southwesternce.

Sertab Erener
Sertab Erener  is a pop music singer.

Digital download
A digital download is when a song is purchased from internet, not that comes on a CD.

Scout movement
The Scout movement  is a youth movement.

History Indonesia
The History Indonesia more precisely archipelago in South East Asia with 17,508 islands goes back to "Homo erectus" .

Leviticus
Leviticus is book both Bible, Torah.

John C. Mather
Professor John Cromwell Mather Virginia is an astrophysicist cosmologist who was born on August 7, 1946,oke.

Bookua
The Bookua is book Bible, also book Hebrew Tanakh.

Homeschooling
Homeschooling is a education where parent guardian is instructor.

Shinjuku Station
Shinjuku Station is a train station located in Shinjuku Shibuya wards in Tokyo,.

San Pedro de Macorís (city)
The city San Pedro de Macorís is head municipality San Pedro de Macorís province, on southeast country.

Epistle tos
The Epistle tos  is forty-eighth book in Bible , written by Apostle Paul.

Neanderthal
Thederthal ,dertal, was a species "Homo" genus   which lived in Europesstern central Asia.

Oldenzaal
Oldenzaal is a municipality a town in easternds, near border withy.

Homo erectus
"Homo erectus"  is an extinct species genus "Homo".

Paramilitary
Paramilitary is a way to describe forces that areganised military forces, but that do not have same status.

Champagne, Ardèche
Champagne is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Champis, Ardèche
Champis is a commune Ardèche "département" in southeasternce.

Chandolas
Chandolas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Chanéac
Chanéac is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Charmes-sur-Rhône
Charmes-sur-Rhône is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Charnas
Charnas is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Paleolithic
The Paleolithic  is a prehistoric era distinguished by development stone tools.

Biface
In archaeology, a biface is a two-sided stone tool, made through a process lithic reduction, that shows flake scars on both sides.

Bolas
Bolas  are a throwingapon madeights on ends interconnected cords, animals by entanglingir legs.

Howard Hughes
Howard Robard Hughes, Jr.

Tarzan
Tarzan is a character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.

Surfer Rosa
"Surfer Rosa" is music album by Pixies.

OK Go
OK Go is a rock band from Chicago.

Death zone
The Death zone is for high altitude wherere is not enough oxygen for humans to breathe.

George F. Smoot
George Fitzgerald Smoot III is an Professor astrophysics cosmology.

Soundgarden
Soundgarden was an rock band.

2658 Gingerich
2658 Gingerich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1980 by Harvard College at Agassiz Station.

10051 Albee
10051 Albee  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1987 by E.

10099 Glazebrook
10099 Glazebrook  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 4, 1991 by Spacewatch project at Kitt Peak.

11519 Adler
11519 Adler  is a main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.

10178 Iriki
10178 Iriki  is a Main belt Asteroid that was found on February 18, 1996 by T.

16154 Dabramo
16154 Dabramo  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 1, 2000 by A.

3611 Dabu
3611 Dabu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 20, 1981 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.

7217 Dacke
7217 Dacke  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.

1864 Daedalus
1864 Daedalus is a Apollo asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on March 24, 1971 by Gehrels, T.

Book Judges
The Book Judges is book in both Bible , Tanakh.

Black people
Black people are a ethnic group, white peopleics.

Book Ruth
The Book "Ruth"  is eight book Old Testament , Tanakh .

Mesolithic
The "Mesolithic," "Middle Stone Age"  was a period in development human technology between Paleolithic Neolithic periods Stone Age.

Epipaleolithic
The Epipaleolithic "peripheral old stone age" is a term-gatherer cultures that existed after end last ice age, before Neolithic.

Neolithic Revolution
The Neolithic Revolution was agricultural revolution—the transition from nomadic hunting gathering communities bands to agriculture settlement.

British Army
The Army is land armed forces branch Armed Forces.

Mario Kart
"Mario Kart" is a series racing video games made by Nintendo.

City Loop, Melbourne
The Melbourne City Loop is where Melbourne, Victoria's railway lines meet.

Percye Shelley
Percye Shelley  was an poet early nineteenth century.

Adem Çevik
Adem Çevik  a writer, teacher researcher.

Romani language
Romaniy  is language Roma Sinti.

Fudge
Fudge is a candy that can be rich can have flavor cocoa.

Sinti
Sinti Sinta (Singular masc.=Sinto; sing.

Strapping Young Lad
Strapping Young Lad is a Metal band from Vancouver, Canada.

Rock climbing
Rock climbing is a sport whereone uses his hands feet to climb up a rock a artifical climbing wall.

Doug Henning
Douglas James Henning  was a magician, illusionist escape artist.

Rancid
Rancid are an influential ska-punk banded in 1991 iny, California by Tim Armstrong Matt.

Glen Canyon Dam
Glen Canyon Dam is ae dam on Colorado River.

Superunknown
"Superunknown" is studio album by rock band Soundgarden.

Badmotorfinger
Badmotorfinger is studio album by rock band Soundgarden.

11571 Daens
11571 Daens is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 20, 1993 by E.

2297
2297 is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 1978 by N.

1669 Dagmar
1669 Dagmar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 07, 1934 by Reinmuth, K.

806 Gyldenia
806 Gyldenia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Bernoulli's principle
Bernoulli's principle in a concept in fluid dynamics.

Book Proverbs
The Book Proverbs is a book in both Tanakh , Old Testament .

Welwitschia
Welwitschia "Welwitschia mirabilis" is know as oldest living plants.

Butterbur
Butterbur is a group low grass plants with leaves in a heart.

Death Angel
Death Angel is a thrash metal band from Concord, California.

Arch Enemy
Arch Enemy is a death metal band from Sweden.

Living fossil
Living fossil refers to lifes which have long time, which can still be found today.

Caliban (band)
Caliban is a metal band from Hattingen,y.

NetBSD
NetBSD is an open source version Unix-derivative BSD computer operating system.

Soilwork
Soilwork is a death metal band from Helsingborg, Sweden.

Lamb God
Lamb God is a metal band from Richmond, Virginia.

Carabiner
A Carabiner is a metal loop, which can be opened on side.

Cyclamen
"Cyclamen" is a genus 20 species flowering plants, classified in family Myrsinaceae.

Bambi (character)
Bambi is main character in Felix Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in Woods".

Grigri
Grigri is a securing device for rock climbing.

Thumper (Bambi)
Thumper is a fictional rabbit in Disney movies "Bambi" "Bambi II".

Jacmel
Jacmel  is a city in southeast Haiti, on coast, at mouth river "Grande Rivière de Jacmel".

Honda S2000
The Honda S2000 is a roadster created by car company Honda.

Narre Warren railway station, Melbourne
Narre Warren Railway Station is a railway station in Metcard Zone 2, located in Narre Warren, Victoria.

Premium station
A Premium station is a term used in Melbourne train system for a station wherere are better things than other stations.

Gary Snail
Gary Snail is a animated fictional character in Nickelodeon childrens television series "Spongebobts".

Walker Percy
Walker Percy  was an author.

Talcott Parsons
Talcott Parsons  was a who created an idea called structural functionalism.

Edward Hopper
Edward Hopper  was an painter.

Elias Canetti
Elias Canetti  was an author who wrote "Crowds Power".

Gao
Gao , is a French émigré writer.

Englishce drama
Englishce drama,ceatre, means stage plays written acted in later century half century, duringce period ind.

Blank verse
Blank verse means poetry that does not use rhyme.

807 Ceraskia
807 Ceraskia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Altamira (cave)
Altamira  is a cave in Spain famous for its Upper Paleolithic cave paintings featuring drawings coloured paintings wild mammals human hands.

FC Krasnodar
FC  is a football club based in Krasnodar.

SM-liiga
SM-liiga is top professional ice hockey league ind.

Aurochs
The aurochs urus  was a verye type cattle, that was once very common in Europe but is extinct now.

Privas
Privas is a communece a "préfecture"  Ardèche "département".

Guilherandges
Guilherandges is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Tournon-sur-Rhône
Tournon-sur-Rhône is a commune Ardèche "département", ince.

Battle Marion
The Battle Marion  was a military engagement in Civil War that occurred when Major General George, commander Union Army in Kentucky Tennessee, raided Virginia.

FCt
FCt are a football club from.

Union Army
The Union Army was army that fought for Union during Civil War.

Confederate States Army
The Confederate States Army  wasganized in February 1861 to defend newlyed Confederate States America from military action by United States government during Civil War.

Stand Watie
Stand Watie  (also known as Degataga meaning to "stand firm" Isaac S.

George
George, Jr.

Cornas
Cornas is a French "commune" that can be found in département Ardèche in region Rhône-Alpes.

Military history
Military history is history happened in history humanity that are conflicts.

Coux, Ardèche
Coux is a commune Ardèche "département" in south-eastce.

Cruas
Cruas is a village commune that can be found by Rhône River in Ardèche "département"ce.

Davézieux
Davézieux is a village commune in Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Désaignes
Désaignes is a village commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Félines, Ardèche
Félines is a commune Ardèche "département" in south-eastce.

Jaujac
Jaujac is a town commune in Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Joyeuse (disambiguation)
Joyeuse is Charlemagne's sword.

Joyeuse, Ardèche
Joyeuse is a "commune" in French department Ardèche in region Rhône-Alpes.

Labégude
Labégude is a town commune in Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Lachapelle-sous-Aubenas
Lachapelle-sous-Aubenas is a village commune in Ardèche "département" center southernce.

Chauvet Cave
The Chauvet Cave Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave lies at N 44° 21' E 4° 29' 24", near "Vallon-Pont-d'Arc", in Ardèche département, in southernce.

Druid
A druid was a member priestly learned class in pre, ancient Celtic societies.

Lalevade-d'Ardèche
Lalevade-d'Ardèche is a village commune in Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Lamastre
Lamastre is a village commune in Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Lavilledieu
Lavilledieu is a "commune" in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Péray
Saint-Péray is a town commune in Ardèche "département", in southernce.

La Voulte-sur-Rhône
La Voulte-sur-Rhône is a village commune in Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Viviers, Ardèche
Viviers is a commune in French "département" Ardèche.

Druidism
Druidism Druidry  is a modern spirituality that generally promotes harmony with nature,ten through nature worship.

Shutter (2008 film)
"Shutter" is an film released on March 21, 2008.

Rajput
Rajput constitute major Hindu Kshatriya groups from India.

Metcard
A Metcard is a type ticket public transport in Melbourne, Australia.

Piety
Piety  is generally either to Religious devotion to spirituality.

Anne Green Gables
"Anne Green Gables" is a book by author Lucy Maud Montgomery.

Secondary sex characteristic
Secondary sex characteristics are features that make it easy to tell sexes a species apart.

Poltergeist
 is a spirit ghost is able to move influence objects.

Pura Cup
The Pura Cup  is a class cricket competition in Australia.

Mercy
Mercy can refer both to a compassionate behavior on in power (e.g.

Tatnet
Tatnet  is Tatar-speakinget users commonly use for "segmentet" about Tatar people.

Tatarstan
Tatarstan is an autonomous republic within Russia.

Charles Chesnutt
Charles Waddell Chesnutt  is an writer.

Kansas City Royals
The Kansas City Royals is a Major League Baseball team at Kansas City, Missouri.

Edwidge Danticat
Edwidge Danticat  is a born writer.

Detroit Pistons
The Detroit Pistons are a team National Basketball Association, are located in Detroit,.

History Africa
The History Africa begins from modern human beings leads to its present difficult state as a politically developing continent.

History America
The history America is history North South America, including Central America.

Lifeguard
A lifeguard is a person on beach who looks for people savesm ify are drowning, ifir are problems.

A Night at Opera (Queen album)
"A Night at Opera" is a Queen album from 1975.

A Day at Races (album)
"A Day at Races" is a Queen album from 1976.

News The World (album)
"News World" is studio album from rock band Queen, released in 1977.

The Scream
"The Scream" is a painting made by Edvard Munch.

808 Merxia
808 Merxia is a minor planetbiting Sun in asteroid belt.

Jazz (album)
"Jazz" is a 1978 album by rock band Queen.

The Game (album)
"The Game" is a rock album by band Queen released June 30, 1980.

Flash Gordon (album)
Flash Gordon is a 1980 album by rock band Queen.

Mark Speight
Mark Warwick Fordham Speight  was a TV presenter.

Mettingen
Mettingen is a municipality in district Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Mauves
Mauves is a village commune Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Mercuer
Mercuer is a village commune Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Le Pouzin
Le Pouzin is a village commune Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Quintenas
Quintenas is a village commune Ardèche "département" in center southernce.

Rochemaure
Rochemaure is a "commune" in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rosières, Ardèche
Rosières is a commune Ardèche "département" in south-easternce.

Ruoms
Ruoms is a "commune" Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Ucel
Ucel is a town commune in Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Tokio Jokio
"Tokio Jokio" is a 1943 Looney Tunes movie directed by U.S.

List Solar System objects
This is a list Solar System objects bybit, by distance from sun.

List minor planets
This is a list numbered minor planets, nearly allm asteroids, in sequentialder.

Daimyo
The re feudal rulers from century to early century in following Shogun.

Evil on Your Mind
"Evil on Your Mind" is a popular Country music song,iginally made famous byd Ole Opry star, Jan Howard in 1966.

Jan Howard
Jan Howard  is an Country Music Singerd Ole Opry star.

Howell County, Missouri
Howell County is a county located in U.S.

Oregon County, Missouri
Oregon County is a county located in U.S.

Oregon Territory
The Oregon Territory is applied both to unorganized Oregon Country claimed by both United States Britain , asll as toganized U.S.

Continental divide
A continental divide is a line elevated terrain whichs a border between two watersheds such that water falling on side line eventually travels to ocean body water, water on other side travels to another, generally on opposite side continent.

Terrain
Terrain, relief, is vertical dimension land surface.

Hukah
A Hukah  shisha   is a certain Water pipe.

First Baptist Church Hammond
The First Baptist Church Hammond  is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond,a.

Yves Chauvin
Yves Chauvin  is a French chemist.

Robert H. Grubbs
Robert H.

Billabong
Billabong is an word.

Console manufacturer
A console manufacturer is a company that makes sells video game consoles.

History computer video games
Video gamesre introduced as an entertainment medium in 1971, becoming start for a entertainment industry in late 1970s/early 1980s in United States,, Europe.

Jimboomba
Jimboomba is a town in south eastd, Australia, with around 1,400 inhabitants.

The Bats (American band)
The Bats is an band.

Charles, Prince Wales
The Prince Charles, Prince Wales , is eldest son Elizabeth II Prince Philip, Duke Edinburgh.

Formaldehyde
Formaldehyde  is a chemical compound.

Tulu language
Tulu is a language spoken in south India mainly in states Karnataka Kerala.

SMart
SMart is a long running children’s art show.

Hot Space
"Hot Space" is an album by rock band Queen, released in 1982.

The Works (Queen album)
"The Works" is a 1984 pop/rock album by band Queen.

A Kind Magic
"A Kind Magic" is a 1986 album by rock band Queen.

The Miracle (album)
"The Miracle" is a 1989 album by rock band Queen.

Innuendo (album)
"Innuendo" is a 1991 album by rock band Queen.

Made in Heaven
"Made in Heaven" is Queen's fifteenth studio album, released in November 1995.

Sassanid Empire
Theid Empire Dynasty  is Empire .

Edguy
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda,y.

Turbonegro
Turbonegro is a punk band from Oslo, Norway.

Cheek
Cheeks are area face under eyes between nose ears.

Simony
Simony means that pays for anfice a position in hierarchy church.

Flesh
Flesh is soft body between skin bones.

Locomotive
A locomotive is a train that makes train move.

The Man Who Knew Too Much
"The Man Who Knew Too Much" is a 1934 suspense movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock released by Gaumont company.

Regent
A regent is a position government in a country wherere is a monarchy .

Transcendental Meditation
Transcendental Meditation, TM, is a certain way to do meditation.

Honshū
oru is island.

Most Haunted Live!
"Most Haunted Live" is a paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity.

Gerolamoo
Gerolamoo Girolamoo  was a celebratedce mathematician, physician, astrologer gambler.

Violent crime
Violent crime means a crime wherefenders use violence upon victim.

Roentgenium
Roentgenium  is a chemical element.

Michiganational Speedway
Theational Speedway  is a two-mile  long racetrack.

International health
International health means two different, but related, things.

Salam
Salam salaam  is an Arabic word that literally means "the peace", but is also used as a general greeting, abowe all in countries by Muslims, but also in other countries where Islam is important.

Tekken (series)
"Tekken" is a fighting video game series made by a gaming company called "Namco".

Tekken 3
"Tekken 3" is a fighting video game made by Namco was released in 1998.

Tekken Tag Tournament
"Tekken Tag Tournament" is an update to Tekken 3.

Tekken 4
"Tekken 4" is a fighting video game made by Namco.

Discussion
Discussion means talking aboutthing with other people inder to reach decision.

Tekken 5
"Tekken 5" is a fighting video game made by Namco.

Tekken 6
"Tekken 6" is a fighting video game made by Namco.

Sola scriptura
"Sola scriptura"  means "The Bible only".

Human Rights Watch
Human Rights Watch is an international non-governmentalganization.

Arms trafficking
Arms trafficking is smugglingapons ammunition.

Sola fide
Sola fide means "Faith only".

Society Jesus
The Society Jesus  is a Catholic Church religiousder whose members are called Jesuits, "Soldiers Christ", "Foot soldiers Pope", because founder, Saint Ignatius Loyola, was a knight before becoming a priest.

Rosenhan experiment
The experiment is a test in psychiatry.

Chassiers
Chassiers is a town commune in Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Châteaubourg, Ardèche
Châteaubourg is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Châteauneuf-de-Vernoux
Châteauneuf-de-Vernoux is a town commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Dominican Order
The Order Preachers  is a Catholic religiousder.

M-Train
M>Train was a train operator half Melbourne's suburban railway network.

Diploma
A diploma is a certificate you receive when you have studied on a subject with results.

Authorized King James Version
The Authorized King James Version is an translation Bible.

809 Lundia
809 Lundia is a, binary, V-type asteroidbiting in Flora family in Main Belt.

Hato Mayor Province
Hato Mayor is a province; it is located in eastern country.

Steinfurt (district)
Steinfurt is a "Kreis"  in northern North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Rheine
Rheine is a city in district Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Recke
Recke is a municipality in district Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Bryggen
Bryggen , also known as Tyskebryggen , is a series Hanseatic commercial buildings found on eastern side fjord coming into Bergen, Norway.

Ibbenbüren
Ibbenbüren Ibbenbueren is a medium-sized town in district Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Westerkappeln
Westerkappeln is a municipality in district Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Osnabrück (district)
Osnabrück  is a district  in Lower Saxony,y.

Michellech
Michelle Jacquetch-Landau  is an singer, songwriter guitarist.

Domestic rabbit
The domestic rabbit is domesticated Rabbit .

Scanning electron microscope
The scanning electron microscope  is a type electron microscope that images sample surface by scanning it with a high-energy beam electrons in a raster scan pattern.

Leporidae
Leporidae is a mammal family inder Lagomorpha.

Casimir IIId
Casimir III Great   was Kingd from 1333 until 1370.

Thunbergia
"Thunbergia" Retz.

The Pillows
The Pillows  is a rock band made in 1989.

Unofficial national mottosd
Poland does not have anficial state motto Three words "Bóg, Honor, Ojczyzna" , areten used lines in banners.

Rio Negro
The Rio Negro is a river which flows through amazon rainforest in north-western Brazil, in state Amazonas.

Castella
Castella  is a sponge cake produced in.

Mallow, County Cork
Mallow  is "Crossroads Munster" administrative capital north County Cork, ind.

List Gumby episodes
This list displays 7 pilot all 233 episodes Gumby.

Krishnadevaraya
Srinadevaraya   was famous kingagara Empire.

Tocantins River
Thetins River is a river that flows through northeastern Brazil.

Billy Graham
Williamklin Graham, Jr.

Bukka
Bukka ಬುಕ್ಕ್ (also known as Bukka Raya I was an emperoragara Empire from Sangama Dynasty.

McGill University
McGill University just McGill is an university in Montreal, Canada.

Renault Koleos
The Renault Koleos ist SUV from Renault after Renault Scénic RX4.

Beagle
Beagles are a type dog.

N. T. Rama Rao
Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao , more commonly known as N.T.

Piast dynasty
The Piast dynasty was a dynasty that ruledd as lords in century, until 1370.

M-Tram
M>Tram was a tram operator in Melbourne, Victoria.

Scrooge McDuck
Scrooge McDuck Uncle Scrooge is a fictional character appearing in comic book "Christmas on Bear Mountain".

Money Bin
Money Bin is an fictional building Scrooge McDuck.

Manor McDuck
Manor McDuck is a luxurious fictional building that is residence fictional cartoon billionaire Scrooge McDuck.

Resurrection Ship
The Cylon Resurrection Ship is a fictional type spacecraft found in television series "Battlestar Galactica".

DIY
DIY "Do it yourself" is a method home improvement, whereby home owner procures materials tools formself,n completes work onir own, without professional help.

Boleslaw Id
Boleslaw I Brave   was duked from 992 to April 18, 1025 Kingd from April 18 to June 17, 1025.

Bo Diddley
Bo Diddley  was an singer, guitarist songwriter.

DuckTales
"DuckTales" is an animated Disney television series.

Home Sweet Homer
"Homer Sweet Homer" is an episode Ducktales series.

Master Djinni
"Master Djinni" is episode Ducktales's series.

Sweet duck youth
"Sweet duck youth" is an episode Ducktales's.

Where No Duck Has Gone Before
"Where no duck has gone before" is an episode Ducktales's.

Ducks West
"Ducks West" is an episode Ducktales's.

All Grown Up!
"All Grown Up!" is a Nickelodeon animated television series.

Randalstown
Randalstown is a town in County Antrim ind.

Connex Melbourne
Connex is a train operator in Melbourne, Australia.

Battlestar Galactica
"Battlestar Galactica" is a science fiction franchise.

Black-capped Chickadee
The Black-capped Chickadee  is a bird.

Harihara
Harihara is deity that combinednu Shiva.

Harihara I
Harihara I,  also called Hakka ಹಕ್ಕ "Vira Harihara I", was founderagara empire.

Li people
黎 Hlai" is a minority ethnic group.

Altes Museum
Altes Museum  is a museum on an island Spree River, which runs through Berlin.

The Sleepers
"The Sleepers" is a painting by Gustave Courbet.

Religion in China
Although China isficially atheist, many people are religious.

Kim Ungyong
Kim Ung-yong  was a child prodigy.

Nakamura Hikaru
中村光 Nakamura Hikaru, born 9 December 1987 in Hirakata, Osaka Prefecture) is anational Chessdmaster .

Quickdraw
A Quickdraw is used in rock climbing for lead climbing.

Seedling
A seedling is a plant thatten will grow from a little seed.

Davidaz
David Paulaz  is an actor.

Ocean
An is ae area salt water between continents.

Work (Kellyd song)
"Work" is a song recorded by singer-songwriter Kellyd.

Eluveitie
Eluveitie is a folk metal band fromd.

Heaven Shall Burn
Heaven Shall Burn is a rock band from Saalfelden,y.

2605 Sahade
2605 Sahade  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1974 by Felix Aguilar Observatory at El Leoncito.

Paranaguá
Paranaguá is a coastal city in stateá in south Brazil.

Datura stramonium
"Datura stramonium", known by commons, jimsoned, ditched, stinked, locoed,Korean morning glory, Jamestowned, thorn apple, angel's trumpet, devil's trumpet, devil's snare, devil's seed, mad hatter, crazy tea, malpitte, Devil's balls, is an erect annual herb, on average 30 to 150 cm  tall with erect, forking purple stems.

Indiana Jones Kingdom Crystal Skull
"Indiana Jones Kingdom Crystal Skull" is a 2008 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg.

Indian Premier League
The Premier League , is a Twenty20 cricket competition created by Board Control for Cricket in India .

Fernando Pessoa
Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa  more known asdo Pessoa, was a poet writer.

Gaeltacht
Gaeltacht areas are regions where people speak language.

Harass
Harass harassment is a type torture.

Brná nad Labem
Brná nad Labem  is a city Ústí nad Labem, Czech republic.

Goodies (song)
"Goodies" is a pop song recorded by R&B singer Ciara rapper Petey Pablo for Ciara's debut album "Goodies"  written by Ciara, Garrett, LaMarquis Jefferson, Craig Love Smith.

James Id
James I  was King Scots from April 4, 1406, ruled as King Scots from May 1424 until February 21, 1437.

Shameless
"Shameless" is a BAFTA award-winning comedy drama television series set in fictional Chatsworth Estate in Manchester, United Kingdom.

Stele
A stele is a stone wooden slab,ly taller than it is wide, that is purposes.

Qingzang railway
Theg railway  is a railway line.

Ostrava
Ostrava is city in Czech Republic.

Sleep disorder
A sleep disorder is unhealthy sleep.

Bahebektini
"Bahebektini" is a song written sung by Emarati pop star Hussein El Jesmy, song serves asme music for popular Arabic film "Al Rahina ", "The Hostage".

Kirk Cameron
Kirk Cameron  is an actor.

Get on Bus
"Get on Bus" was single from girl group Destiny's Child.

South China Sea
The South China Sea is a marginal sea south China.

Leo Belgicus
The Leo Belgicus is a map Low Countries .

Tebibyte
A tebibyte  is a unit measurement in computers similar electronic devices.

Petabyte
A petabyte  is a unit measurement in computers similar electronic devices.

Exabyte
An exabyte  is a unit measurement for computers future.

Zettabyte
A zettabyte  is a unit measurement for computers future.

Yottabyte
A yottabyte  is a unit measurement for computers future.

Nature's services
"Nature's services" is a term for ways in which nature benefits humans.

Signing Time!
Signing Time! is a children's television show for children through eight to watch that teaches Sign Language.

Wuthering Heights
"Wuthering Heights" is only novel by Emily Brontë.

Capitol Hill Baptist Church
The Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capital Hill inington D.C.

Gerry Pacemakers
Gerry The Pacemakersre an rock roll group during 1960s.

Left Behind (series)
The Left Behind series  is a fictional book series written by Tim LaHaye Jerry B.

Master Chief
Master Chief is main protagonist "Halo" video game series.

Arrowhead
An arrowhead is point an arrow, a shape resembling such a point.

Obsidian
Obsidian is a glass, that can be found in nature as a rock.

Ancient Central America
Central America is ae continent  below North America above South America.

Isle
Isle is an island ind.

Kurud
Kurud is a town found in center state Chhattisgarh in India.

Germanic paganism
Germanic paganism was a religion.

Miguel Ángel Asturias
Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales  was a writer diplomat from Guatemala.

Hindustan
For a list companies starting with, see List companies.

Plymouth Colony
Plymouth Colony  was an colonial venture in North America from 1620 until 1691.

Open proxy
An open proxy is a proxy server which anyet user can use.

Zombie computer
A zombie computer  is a computer attached toet that has been compromised by a hacker, a computer virus, a trojan horse.

Rapture
The Rapture (meaning "to carry to another place" is an future event inology where Jesus Christ will return to Earth to bring his followers to Heaven.

Zeeland (province)
Zeeland  is a province inds.

Edo period
The, also called Tokugawa period , is time from 1603 to 1868 in history.

Graduation (Kanye West album)
"Graduation" is a 2007 hip-hop album by Kanye West.

Savior
"Savior"  refers to aone who has saved another from danger.

Pebibyte
A pebibyte  is ae unit measurement bytes .

Exbibyte
An exbibyte  is ae unit measurement for computers future.

Okrouhlička
Okrouhlička is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Water buffalo
Water buffalos are a bovine.

Lípa (Havlíčkův Brod District)
Lípa is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Věžnička
Věžnička is a village in Jihlava District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Kamenná (Jihlava District)
Kamenná is a village in Jihlava District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Větrný Jeníkov
Větrný Jeníkov is a village in Jihlava District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Florida State University
Florida State University is ae school in Tallahassee, in north Florida, U.S.A.

Tiananmen Square protests 1989
Themen Square protests 1989 is for a series protests that occured in April June that year.

Evangelism
Evangelism is practice preaching truth Jesus Christ to boths nons.

Southern Baptist Convention
The Baptist Convention  is a United States-based denomination.

Times Square
Times Square is a major area in, New York City at meeting point Broadway "Seventh Avenue".

FutureSex/LoveSounds
"FutureSex/LoveSounds" is solo studio album by rhythm blues singer Justin Timberlake.

Dilemma (song)
"Dilemma" is 2002 hit single by rapper Nelly.

Bring Me To Life
"Bring Me to Life" is single fromescence's multi-platinum album "Fallen".

Charybdis
Charybdis is a sea monster in Ancient Greek mythology.

Scylla
Scylla was a sea monster in Greek mythology.

Étude Op. 10, No. 12 (Chopin)
The Étude Op.

Going commando
Going commando means not toar underwear.

Papa Smurf
Papa Smurf is patriarch smurfland.

Smurfette
Smurfette is only female smurf ind.

Smuggler's Run
Smuggler's Run is an early videogame for playstation 2 console.

My Gym Partner's A Monkey
"My Gym Partner's a Monkey" is a show on Cartoon Network.

Systems science
Systems science is interdisciplinary field science, that studies principles systems in nature, in society in science itselve.

Systemsory
Systemsory is an interdisciplinary field science study nature systems in nature, society, science.

Emotion (Destiny's Child song)
"Emotion" was remade by R&B group Destiny's Child in 2001, it was produced arranged by Mark J.

McDonaldland
McDonaldland was a "fake" cartoon land made by fast food restaurant, McDonald's.

Club Atlético de Madrid
Club Atlético de Madrid, are a football team from Madrid, capital city Spain.

Buttocks
Buttocks is a synonym for rear end humans, commonly called a bottom.

Toyota Camry
The Toyota Camry is a medium-sized car made by Toyota since 1980.

Kush
Kush civilization had its center in region Nubia.

Cybernetics
Cybernetics is interdisciplinary study structure systems.

Complexity
Complexity isthing with manys a complicated arrangement.

Complex systems
Complex systems is a field a science, which studies common properties systems considered complex in nature, society science.

Controlory
Controlory is an interdisciplinary branch engineering mathematics.

Acura
Acura is luxury brand car company Honda.

Nissan
Nissan is a car company from.

Cabal Online
Cabal Online is a free Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game  created by ESTsoft Corporation.

Blackletter
Blackletter Gothic script is an old way to write text.

Super Bros.
Super Brothers  is a 1999 video game for Nintendo 64.

Falklandd Fox
Thedd Fox Warrah ondds.

SNoW
SNoW  is a J-Pop singer.

Funnel cloud
A funnel cloud is a funnel-shaped cloud condensed water droplets.

Winter waterspout
A winter waterspout, also known as a snow devil, an icespout, an ice devil, a snonado, a snowspout, is a very rare meteorological phenomenon in which a vortex from snow develops that looks a waterspout.

Wallington High School
Wallington Jr/Sr High School is a six-year public high school that serves students in through grade from Wallington, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, as Wallington Public Schools.

Waterspout
A waterspout is a funnel cloud over water.

Bob Jones University
Bob Jones University  is a private,t, university in Greenville, South Carolina.

Mordecai Ham
Mordecai Ham  was an evangelist.

Charles Templeton
Charles Bradley Templeton  was a cartoonist, evangelist, agnostic, politician, newspaper editor, inventor, broadcaster author.

Billy Grahamgelistic Association
The Billy Grahamgelistic Association  is anganization founded by Rev.

Washington National Cathedral
Theington National Cathedral is a cathedral Episcopal Church in United States.

United States Postal Service
The United States Postal Service  was founded in 1775 is located inington D.C.

Parkinson's disease
Parkinson's disease  is a slow damaging disease central nervous system.

Samford University
"Samford University" is a private, Baptist-related university located in Homewood, Alabama, a suburb Birmingham, Alabama.

Hainanese chicken rice
Hainanese chicken rice is a dish created by people.

Vortex (disambiguation)
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon fluids.

Vortex
A vortex (pl.

Libertia
"Libertia" is a genus monocotyledenous plants in family "Iridaceae".

Alan Dawazhouma
alan 阿兰 is a singer er hu player from province who debuted in 2005 with 声声醉如兰.

V/Line
V/Line is a regional train operator in Victoria, Australia.

Carpool
Carpooling is sharing a car with other passengers to help share cost gasoline.

Middleweight
In boxing, term Middleweight is specific group people based onight.

Moneymore
Moneymore is a village ind, in United Kingdom.

Denpasar
Denpasar is capital city province Bali, Indonesia.

Toome
Toome  is a village ind, in United Kingdom.

Kuta
Kuta is a town in southern Bali, Indonesia.

An Inconvenient Truth
"An Inconvenient Truth" is an controversial Academy Award-winning documentary movie about global warming.

Matt Hardy
Matthew "Matt" Moore Hardy  is a professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment onir ECW brand, is ECW Champion.

Kerobokan Prison
Kerobokan Prison is a prison in town in Bali, Indonesia.

Edmund Spenser
Edmund Spenser  was an important poet fromd.

Papuan languages
The term languages means languagesstern Pacific which are neither nor.

Lombok
Lombok  is an island in West Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia.

The Faerie Queene
"The Faerie Queene" is an epic poem by Edmund Spenser.

Torres Straitders
Torres Straitders are indigenous people Torres Straitds,d, Australia.

Australian megafauna
Australian megafauna is a term a number comparativelye animal species in Australia, that had a body mass that was about more than 30% greater that thatir closest living relatives.

Omagh bombing
The Omagh bombing was a bomb attack by Real Army in Omagh,d, on August 15, 1998.

Themis (hypothetical moon)
On April 28, 1905, astronomer William H.

Real Army
The Real Army  are a group fromd who wantd to become Republicd, want it to leave United Kingdom.

The Life Times Scrooge McDuck
"The Life Times Scrooge McDuck" is a comic book painted written by Don Rosa.

General Certificate Secondary Education
The General Certificate Secondary Education  is a set exams taken ind, Wales,d other territories.

Edo
is capital Tokyo, was seat power for Tokugawa shogunate which ruled from 1603 to 1868.

Renault Vel Satis
The Renault Vel Satis is ae automobile created by French car manufacturer Renault.

List GCSE subjects
Note: Many subjects in this list are notfered by every school.

Korean cuisine
Korean cuisine is maybe known for kimchi, which uses lots vegetables, commonly cabbage.

Cryptanalysis
Cryptanalysis  is study methods for obtaining meaning encrypted information, without access to secret information which is normally so.

International General Certificate Secondary Education
Theational General Certificate Secondary Education, IGCSE, is an international exam for school students.

Sánchez Ramírez Province
Sánchez Ramírez is a province Republic.

Diane Abbott
Diane Julie Abbott  is an politician Member Parliament for Hackney North Stoke Newington constituency in United Kingdom.

Hywelcis
Dr Hywelcis  is a politician Member Parliament for Aberavon constituency in United Kingdom.

Frank
Frank  is a politician Member Parliament for Aberdeen North constituency in United Kingdom.

Anne Begg
Anne Begg  is a politician Member Parliament for Aberdeen South constituency in United Kingdom.

John Reid
John Reid  is a politician Member Parliament for constituency Airdrie Shotts in United Kingdom.

Gerald Howarth
James Gerald Douglas Howarth, known as Gerald Howarth  is a politician Member Parliament for constituencyot in United Kingdom.

Mount Agung
Mount Agung Gunung Agung is a volcano on Bali.

Mount Batur
Mount Batur Gunung Batur is a volcano on Bali.

Mounti
Mounti Gunungi is an active volcano on Lombok, Indonesia.

Mataram
Mataram is a city onst side island Lombok, Indonesia.

Megawati Sukarnoputri
Diah Permata Megawati Setiawati Soekarnoputri , was President Indonesia from July 2001 to October 20, 2004.

Kingdom Kerma
The Kingdom Kerma was a state in Nubia from around 2500 BC to about 1520 BC.

Aladdin (1992 movie)
"Aladdin" is an animated movie made by Walt Disney Pictures.

D. B. Cooper
D.

Alistair Darling
Alistair Darling  is a politiciancellor Exchequer.

Moa
Moasre birds ever known.

Malacology
Malacology is study mollusks.

Placard
A placard is a sign made to inform people aboutthing.

Budíkov
Budíkov is a village in Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Typha
"Typha" is a genus plants.

Sickle-cell disease
Sickle cell anemia is a disease that affects red blood cells.

Davidd
David Wrightd  is an politician current Secretary State for Foreign Commonwealth Affairs.

Jack Straw
John Whitaker Straw , known as Jack Straw, is an politician current Lord Highcellor Great Britain Secretary State for Justice.

Jacqui Smith
Jacqueline Jill "Jacqui" Smith  is an politician current Secretary State for Home Department.

Des Browne
Desmond Henry Browne  is a politician current Secretary State for Defence Secretary State ford.

Alan Johnson
Alan Arthur Johnson  is an politician current Secretary State for Health.

Hilary Benn
Hilary James Wedgwood Benn  is an politician current Secretary State for Environment, Food Rural Affairs.

Douglasder
Douglas Garvender  is a politician current Secretary State forational Development.

John Hutton
John Matthew Patrick Hutton  is an politician current Secretary State for Business, Enterprise Regulatory Reform.

Harriet
Harriet Ruth  is an politician current Leader House Commons Minister for Women Equality.

James Purnell
James Mark Dakin Purnell  is an politician current Secretary State for Work Pensions.

Paul Murphy
Paul Peter Murphy  is a politician current Secretary State for Wales.

Ruth Kelly
Ruth Maria Kelly  is a politician current Secretary State forsport.

Hazel Blears
Hazel Anne Blears  is an politician current Secretary State for Communities Localment.

Geoff Hoon
Geoffrey William Hoon  is an politician current Chief Whip Parliamentary Secretary to Treasury.

Ed Balls
Edward Michael Balls  is an politician current Secretary State for Children, Schools Families.

Edd
Edward Samueld  is an politician current Minister for Cabinet Officecellor Duchy Lancaster.

Andy Burnham
Andrew Murray Burnham  is an politician current Secretary State for Culture, Media Sport.

Shaun Woodward
Shaun Anthony Woodward  is an politician current Secretary State ford.

Yvette Cooper
Yvette Cooper  is an politician current Chief Secretary to Treasury.

John Denham
John Yorke Denham  is an politician current Secretary State for Innovation, Universities Skills.

Limnology
Limnology is study waters that are not oceans seas.

Toyota RAV4
The Toyota RAV4 is a sized SUV made by Toyota.

Toyota MR2
The Toyota MR2 MR2 Spyderre sports cars made by Toyota.

Geo Tracker
The Geo Tracker was a Sports utility vehicle made by Suzuki for General Motors from 1989 to 2004.

Wheaton College
Wheaton College is a privategelicalt college in Wheaton, Illinois, a suburbst Chicago in United States.

Sacred site
A sacred site is a place that is thought as sacred  to aicular religion.

Basil II
Basil II , was atine emperor from dynasty from January 10 976 to December 15, 1025.

Objection
Objection is a word used in a court room when lawyer wants to say thatthing is wrong, such as if a person is lying.

Battle Manzikert
The Battle Manzikert, Malazgirt  was fought betweentine Empire Seljuq Empire.

Mark Lawrenson
Mark Thomas Lawrenson  is a professional football player, a defender in Liverpoolfootball teams 1980s; he has since become a radio, television internet pundit for BBC.

Red Square
Red Square  is famous city square in Moscow, Russia.

George I Great Britain
George I  was born in Osnabrück,y on 28 May 1660, was ruler Hanover in Northy.

Official Opposition (United Kingdom)
Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, Official Opposition in United Kingdom is led by The Leader Opposition.

Leader Opposition (United Kingdom)
The Leader Opposition  in United Kingdom is politician who leads Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition.

David Davis
David Michael Davis  is an politician current Shadow Home Secretary.

William Hague
William Jefferson Hague  is an politician current Shadow Foreign Secretary.

George Osborne
George Gideon Oliver Osborne  is an politician current Shadowcellor Exchequer.

Shadow Minister
A Shadow Minister is a member a political oppositiony, not in power, who provides an alternative to Ministerment.

Trojanus Saintes
Trojanus Saintes  was a century bishop Saintes, ince.

Celestus microblepharis
"Celestus microblepharis" are a lizard Anguidae family.

Anguidae
Anguidae is a family lizards.

Celestus
Celestus is a genus lizards.

Giant Galliwasp
Thet Galliwasp  is a lizard Anguidae family.

Celestus duquesneyi
"Celestus duquesneyi" is a lizard Anguidae family.

Celestus fowleri
"Celestus fowleri" is a lizard Anguidae family.

Jamaicat Galliwasp
The Jamaicat Galliwasp  is a lizard Anguidae family.

Tammy Wynette
Virginia Wynette Pugh , was born in Mississippi, United States in 1942.

Tricity
"Triciti"  is unofficial an urban area with 3 cities: Gdańsk, Gdynia Sopot.

Kaliningrad Oblast
Kaliningrad Oblast  is an exclave Russia bordered byd,ia Baltic Sea.

Coat Armsd
Aficial Coat Armsd is White Eagle with golden crown in its head on red shield.

Christianization
Christianization is when country, nation region change faith toity.

Adam Sandler
Adam Sandler  is an comedian, actor, musician, screenwriter, film producer.

Anguis
Even thoughy are lizards, slow worms have lostir legs are usually mistaken for snakes.

Anguis fragilis
__NOTOC__ "Anguis fragilis"  is a limbless  reptile that lives only in Eurasia.

MLB on ESPN Radio
"Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio" is a broadcast presentation Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio.

Calixa Lavallée
Calixa Lavallée, , born Calixte Paquet, was a French musician who composed music for national anthem "O Canada".

Sepsis
A Sepsis is a very dangerous disease.

Patrick McLoughlin
Patrick Allen McLoughlin  is an politician current Opposition Chief Whip.

Oliver Letwin
Oliver Letwin  is an politician Policy Review, Conservative Research Department.

Caroline
Caroline Alice  is an politician current Conservative Party.

Philip Hammond
Philip Hammond  is an politician current Shadow Chief Secretary to Treasury.

Andrew Mitchell
Andrew John Bower Mitchell ) is an politician current Shadowational Development Secretary.

David Mundell
David Gordon Mundell  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State ford.

Cheryl
Cheryl Elise Kendall  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Wales..

Owen Paterson
Owen William Paterson  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State ford.

Alan
Alan James Carter  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Business, Enterprise Regulatory Reform.

Theresa May
Theresa Mary May  is an politician current Shadow Leader House Commons.

Francis Maude
Francis Anthony Aylmer Maude  is an politician current Shadow Minister for Cabinet Office.

Jeremy Hunt
Jeremy Hunt  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Culture, Media Sport.

Eric Pickles
Eric Jack Pickles  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Communities Localment.

Peter Ainsworth
Peter Michael Ainsworth  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Environment, Food Rural Affairs.

Chris Grayling
Christopher Stephen Grayling  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Work Pensions.

Nick Herbert
Nicholas Le Quesne Herbert  is an politician current Shadow Justice Secretary.

Theresa Villiers
Theresa Anne Villiers  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State forsport.

Andrew Lansley
Andrew David Lansley  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Health.

David Willetts
David Linsay Willetts  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Innovation, Universities Skills.

Michael Gove
Michael Andrew Gove  is an politician current Shadow Secretary State for Children, Schools Families.

Liam Fox
Liam Fox  is an politician current Shadow Defence Secretary.

Partnership
Anership is when two more people work together to complete a task.

Ruth Graham
Ruth Bell Graham  is wife evangelist Billy Graham.

Patrick Star
Patrick Star is a animated fictional character from a childrens television series "SpongeBobts".

Nick Clegg
Nicholas William Peter Clegg , known as Nick Clegg, is an politician, since 18 December 2007, leader Liberal Democrats.

Magnús Eiríksson
Magnús Eiríksson  wasicologian.

John Wark
John Wark  is a footballer.

Nusa Penida
Nusa Penida is an island to southeast Bali, Indonesia.

Dungeons & Dragons
Dungeons & Dragons is an old-fashioned paper-and-pencil roleplaying game.

Sakoku
Sakoku  was foreign relations policy under which no foreigner could enter leave country on penalty death.

Borneo
Borneo is island in world can be found at centre Maritime Southeast Asia.

List islands by area
This is a list islands in worlddered by area.

Baffind
Baffind  is an island in territory Nunavut.

Substitution cipher
A substitution cipher is a cryptography.

Ken Spreitzer
Kenneth J.

Brandy & Mr. Whiskers
Brandy Mr.

Dwyane Wade
Dwyane Tyrone Wade  is an basketball player.

Himalayan Wolf
The Wolf is a wolf that was thought to belong to Wolf family, but it, in fact, may be its own species, "Canis himalayensis".

Angelroda
Angelroda is a municipality district Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia,y.

Elgersburg
Elgersburg is a municipality in Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia,y.

Hull, Florida
Hull, Florida is found in Southwest DeSoto County, Florida in US.

Seii
Seii  (c.

Cecil Rhodes
Cecil John Rhodes  was an economist.

Intensive Care Unit
An Intensive Care Unit , also called Critical Care Unit , Intensive Therapy Unity, "Intensive Treatment Unit  is a specialised section a hospital.

Kaioo
kaioo is a social networkingbsite where people can communicate using messages, video photo uploads, blogs, social groups, music.

Akira Toriyama
Akira Toriyama  is creator many popular anime manga series, notably Dragon Ball franchise.

I. M. Pei
Ieoh Ming Pei  is a architect.

Isaacevis Singer
Isaacevis Singer  was a leading author in literature.

John vonn
He is generally regarded as important mathematicians century.

Iwan Roberts
Iwan Wyn Roberts  is a tall man who played football for national team several club sides, including Norwich City F.C.

Ballpoint pen
A ballpoint pen , is a modern pen for writing.

Bando kickboxing
Bando kickboxing is modern, sport "lethwei", nicknamed in Europe "Burmese boxing four arms".

Spratlyds
The Spratlyds consist more than 100 islands reefs.

Sumba
Sumba is an island in Indonesia, is Lesser Sundads.

Gili
Gili is Lombok's Gilids is only to rise significantly above sea level.

Gili Meno
Gili Meno is middle Lombok's three Gilis.

Gili Air
Gili Air is Gilis it's closest to Lombok mainland, making it popular with honeymoon couples travelers seeking a quiet retreat.

Gilids
The Gilids  are an archipelago three islands — Gili, Gili Meno Gili Air — justf northwest coast Lombok, Indonesia.

Cidomo
A Cidomo is a horse-drawn carriage used on Indonesia's Gilids used instead motorized transport which is not allowed.

Grease (musical)
"Grease" is a musical by Jim Jacobs Warren Casey.

Ryan Giggs
Ryan Joseph Giggs  is a footballer.

Ian
Ian is a international footballer, who notably F.C.

Ogoh-ogoh
An Ogoh-ogoh, a papier-mâché wood puppet built on Bali for New Year Holiday Nyepi.

Padangbai
Padangbai is a town in eastern Bali, Indonesia.

Tokugawa Shogunate
The Tokugawa shogunate, also known as,, was a feudal regime.

Liberal Democrats
The Liberal Democrats,tenened to Lib Dems, are a liberal politicaly in United Kingdom.

Houten
Houten is a town in Utrecht province inds.

Northampton
Northampton  is a market town a local government district Eastds United Kingdom.

West Slavs
West Slavs are Slavs People.

WWE Judgment Day
Judgment Day is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view aired by World Wrestling Entertainment.

Tokugawa Ieyasu
was founder shogun of Tokugawa Shogunate of.

Billy Graham Center
The Billy Graham Center was founded opened in 1981 on campus Wheaton College.

Revival meeting
A Revival meeting is event services.

Death Note
"Death Note" is a popular manga anime series from.

Bob Jones, Sr.
Bob Jones, Sr  was an,, Fundamentalist, evangelist, broadcaster, founder Bob Jones University.

Auditorium
An Auditorium  is area in aatre, concert hall, other place where audience is watch show.

Pulpit
A pulpit  is a lifted platform where a member clergy stands to read a Gospelon, give a sermon.

Level crossing
A Level crossing  is place where a railway line a road intersect on same level.

Macaulay Culkin
Macaulay Culkin  is a child actor.

Tencent QQ
Tencent QQ, also known as QQ, is a popular instant messaging software in mainland China.

Agrabah
Agrabah is a fictional city in Disney's "Alladin".

Princess Jasmine
Princess Jasmine is a fictional character in film "Aladdin".

Fürstenfeldbruck Rural District
Fürstenfeldbruck is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria,y.

José Zorrilla y Moral
José Zorrilla y Moral , was atic poet dramatist.

Ottobrunn
Ottobrunn is a municipality in Munich Rural District.

Aying
Aying is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Bavaria,y.

Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn
Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn is a municipality in Munich Rural Distrcit in Upper Bavaria,y.

Habitation at Port-Royal
The Habitation at Port-Royal was an early French colonial settlement is today a National Historic Site located at Port Royal in province Nova Scotia.

Mi'kmaq
The Mi'kmaq  are a First Nations Native in United States people, indigenous to northeastern Newd, Canada'stic Provinces, Gaspé Peninsula Quebec.

Wangxiaobo
Wangxiaobo   is a famous writer in mainland china.

Chengdu
Chengdu is a very city in southwest People's Republic China.

Hohenbrunn
Hohenbrunn is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Albert Schweitzer
Albert Schweitzer, M.D., O.M.,  was aologian, musician, philosopher physician.

Coweta, Oklahoma
Coweta is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma is a suburb Tulsa.

Tularemia
Tularemia  is a disease.

Neubiberg
Neubiberg is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Brunnthal
Brunnthal is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Putzbrunn
Putzbrunn is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Unterföhring
Unterföhring is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Fur Trade
The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in gain sale animal fur.

Argyle, Wisconsin
Argyle is a village in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States.

Miyuki Komatsu
is a actress.

Aschheim
Aschheim is a municipality in district Munich Rural District in Bavaria iny.

NetSolve
NetSolve is an information technology company in United States.

Bouleţu River
The Bouleţu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

List riversia
This is a list riversia, by letter.

Third-person shooter
Third-person shooter is a genre video games in which players character is seen from a distance.

Klaus Ebner
Klaus Ebner  is an writer stories, essays poetry, a translator.

Wagoner County, Oklahoma
Wagoner County is a county located in U.S.

Tulsa County, Oklahoma
Tulsa County is a county located in U.S.

National Register Historic Places
The National Register Historic Places  is United States government'sficial list districts, sites, buildings, structures, objects worthy preservation.

Wagoner, Oklahoma
Wagoner is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma, United States.

Pound (money)
A Pound is local money in countries including United Kingdom, Cyprus Egypt.

Muskogee County, Oklahoma
Muskogee County is a county located in U.S.

Polans
Thesre a West Slavic tribe lived in Greatd.

African Civil Rights Movement (1955–1968)
The Civil Rights Movement from 1955–1968 was a period in history that began movements in United States to abolish racial discrimination ats.

Cherokee County, Oklahoma
Cherokee County is a county located in U.S.

Mao
The city Santa Cruz de Mao, simply Mao, is head municipality Valverde province, on northwest country.

Mayes County, Oklahoma
Mayes County is a county located in U.S.

Rogers County, Oklahoma
Rogers County is a county located in U.S.

Koweta Mission Site
Koweta Mission Site is a NRHP site added in 1973.

Sean Hannity
Sean Hannity  an radio talk show host-selling author.

Brett Favre
Brett Lorenzo Favre  is an football player starting quarterback for New York Jets National Football League .

Headline
A headline is text at top a article, telling reader nature article below.

Transistor-transistor logic
Transistor–Transistor Logic  is a class digital circuits built from transistors, resistors.

Northwestce 1787
The Northwestce 1787 told everyone that land north Ohio river east Mississippi would eventually become United States.

Protactinium
Protactinium is a chemical element with symbol Pa atomic number 91.

Troy
Troy Kenneth  is a football quarterback for Dallas Cowboys National Football League, is now a television sportscaster for Fox televison network.

Johnny Unitas
Johntine "Johnny" Unitas , was a professional football player in 1950s through 1970s.

Dick Butkus
Richard Marvin "Dick" Butkus  is a football player, commonly considered as greatest linebacker his time football players ever.

Mike Ditka
Michael Keller Ditka, Jr.

The Hannity Show
The Hannity Show is an radio show with conservative talk show host Hannity.

John Elway
John Albert Elway, Jr.

Detroit Lions
The Detroit Lions are a team in National Football League National Football Conference.

Michael Irvin
Michael Jerome Irvin  is a football player for Dallas Cowboys.

Howie Long
Howard Michael Long  is a football player who played as a defensive end, was chosen for Hall Fame in 2000.

Hoang Hoa Tham
Hoàng Hoa Thám  Đề Thám ;  1858 – February 10, 1913) was leader famous Yen The Uprising against French during conquest Vietnam.

Pro Football Hall Fame
The Pro Football Hall Fame is hall fame National Football League .

Cypress
Cypress is a plants in conifer family Cupressaceae .

Míkmaq language
The Mi'kmaq language  is an language spoken by nearly 9,000 Míkmaq in Canada, another 1,200 in United States, a total ethnic Míkmaq population roughly 40,000.

San Diego Chargers
The San Diego Chargers are a professional football team based in San Diego, California.

Metal leaf
Metal leaf is a type metalic foil usedly for decoration.

Foo Fighters
Foo Fighters is an rock band started by musician Dave Grohl.

Ronnie O'Sullivan
Ronnie O'Sullivan , is an professional snooker player who has been World Champion on three occasions.

Rain (entertainer)
Rain  is a singer, actor, dancer model.

Algonquian languages
The  languages are a subfamily Native languages that includes languages in Algic language family The term "Algonquin" comes from Maliseet word "elakómkwik" , "they are our relatives/allies".

Ismaning
Ismaning is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Grünwald, Bavaria
Grünwald is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Kirchheim bei München
Kirchheim is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Haar, Bavaria
Haar is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Abrud River
The Abrud River is a tributary Arieş inia.

Abruzel River
The Abruzel River is a tributary Abrud River inia.

Abucea River
The Abucea River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Teleajen River
The Teleajen River in southernia is a tributary Prahova River.

Garching bei München
Garching is a town in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Arieş River (Mureş)
The Arieş  is a river inia,ia.

Acmariu River
The Acmariu River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Mureş River
The Mureş   is a 761 km  long river in Europe.

Acriş River
The Acriş River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Taufkirchen bei München
Taufkirchen is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Adalin River
The Adalin River is a tributary Dragu River inia.

Adâncata River (Bahluieţ)
The Adâncata River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Adâncata River (Iminog)
The Adâncata River is a tributary Iminog River inia.

Adăşeni River
The Adăşeni River is a tributary Volovăţ River.

Adona River
The Adona River is a tributary Peţa River inia.

Adrian River
The River is a tributary Racşa River inia.

Afinetu River
The Afinetu River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Afinetul River
The Afinetul River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Afinişul River (Bistriţa)
The Afinişul River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Afinişul River (Nemţişor)
The Afinişul River is a tributary Nemţişor River inia.

Agapia River
The Agapia River is a tributary Topoliţa River inia.

Bistriţa River (Siret)
The Bistriţa River  is a river in region Moldavia.

Olt River
The Olt River  is a river inia.

Arena Football League
The Arena Football League is a football league in United States.

Elmo
Elmo is a famous character in Sesame Street.

Sancisco 49ers
The Sancisco 49ers are a professional football team.

Agârbiciu River
The Agârbiciu River is a tributary Căpuş River inia.

Agârcia River
The Agârcia River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Agăstin River
The Agăstin River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Agăş River
The Agăş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Agi Cabul River
The Agi Cabul River is a tributary main branch Danube-Black Sea Canal inia.

Agigea River
The Agigea River is a tributary main branch Danube-Black Sea Canal inia.

Agrij River
The Agrij River  is a tributary Someş River inia.

Tennessees
The Tennessees are a professional football team located inville, Tennessee.

Mumps
Mumps is a viral disease human species.

Civilian Conservation Corps
The Conservation Corps  was started byklin D.

Killer app
A killer app is a term video game for a console that sells it.

Chiang Mai
Chiang Mai is city in northernd,the-biggest provinced.

Hyōgo Prefecture
Hyōgo Prefecture is a prefecture in Kinki districtud.

Adelaide Zoo
Adelaide Zoo is Australia's oldest zoo, located in Adelaide, South Australia.

Ruth Harkness
Ruth Elizabeth Harkness was an fashion designer socialite.

Brookfield Zoo
The Brookfield Zoo is ae zoo near Chicago, Illinois.

Shirahama
Shirahama is a town located inimuro District, Wakayama,.

Wakayama Prefecture
Wakayama Prefecture is a prefecture located on Kii Peninsula in Kansai region onū island.

Webcast
Abcast is a media file used onet.

Kansas City Chiefs
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional football team located in Kansas City, Missouri.

Jacksonville Jaguars
The Jacksonville Jaguars are a professional football team located in Jacksonville, Florida.

Houstons
The Houstons is a professional National Football League team located in Houston, Texas.

Cleveland Browns
Thed Browns are a professional football team located ind, Ohio.

Cincinnati Bengals
The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional football team located in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Commentary
A commentaryten means voice that will explain is going on while program is playing.

List biologically important elements
This is a list twelve important chemical elements for life, inder atomic number.

Kelvedon
Kelvedon is a village town in Essex,d.

Baltimore Ravens
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team located in Baltimore,d.

Buffalo Bills
The Buffalo Bills are a professional football team located in Buffalo, New York.

Washington Redskins
Theington Redskins are a professional football team based inington, D.C.

Super Princess Peach
"Super Princess Peach" is a 2006 video game developed by TOSE published by Nintendo.

Minnesota Vikings
The Minnesota Vikings are a professional football team located in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Reno, Nevada
Reno is a city in state Nevada.

Wolong National Nature Reserve
Wolong National Nature Reserve  is a national park located in Province, People's Republic China.

Charles Spurgeon
Charles Haddon  Spurgeon  was a Baptist preacher.

George Müller
George Fredrick Müller  , was an evangelist workerphanages in Bristol,d.

Spectacled Bear
The Spectacled Bear , also known as Bear is last lineage-faced bears.

Convergent evolution
Convergent evolution is a term from biology.

Michelangelo Antonioni
Michelangelo Antonioni  was born in Rome, Italy.

Salvador de Madariaga
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo  was a diplomat, writer, historian pacifist.

Bislama
Bislama is three national languages Vanuatu.

Tariq
Tariq Said  is a Swiss Muslim academicologian.

Unterschleißheim
Unterschleißheim is a town in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Baierbrunn
Baierbrunn is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Fitna
Fitna is a movie by Dutch politician Geert Wilders.

Geert Wilders
Geert Wilders  is a Dutch  politician.

Cessna 182
The Cessna 182, marketed undere, is a four-seat, single-engine, light airplane.

Asparagus
Asparagus is ae genus flowering plants, including many different species.

Agriş River (Arieş)
The Agriş River ˙ is a tributary Iara River inia.

Agriş River (Baraolt)
The Agriş River is a tributary Baraolt River inia.

Botfei River
The Botfei River Agriş River is a tributary Beliu River inia.

Armand David
Fatherd David  was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest asll as a zoologist a botanist.

Père David's Deer
Père David's Deer  "Milu" in , is a species deer known only in captivity.

Finite element method
The finite element method is numerical method solving systems differential equations.

Sipoo
Sipoo is a municipality ind.

Bitter
Bitter, five basic tastes.

Slow
Slow is an adjective to talk about a low speed, move tempo.

Collar
In clothing, a collar is a shirt, dress, coat blouse that goes around frames neck.

Frame
A frame is a flat container to holdthing.

Land hemisphere
The land hemisphere is hemisphere on Earth with highest possible area land.

Water hemisphere
The water hemisphere is hemisphere on Earth with highest area water.

Pasadena, California
Pasadena is a city in California.

Red Fox
The Red Fox  is a mammalder Carnivora.

Royal Surrey Gardens
The Royal Surrey Gardens re gardens in Kennington, London, during period.

Animation portal
An animation portal is a system where a user is able to submit his her own animation in a video fileat to absite have it immediately be visitors.

Iron Man (movie)
"Iron Man" is a superhero movie based on fictional Marvel Comics character "Iron Man".

Molar
Molars are special teeth found in mammals, also complex teeth.

Qinling Mountains
The Qinling Mountains  are a major mountain range.

Love in This Club Part II
"Love In This Club Part II" is an R&B-Pop song written by Amber Rives Usher,and recorded by Usher for his album Here Id.

Lowerip
Lowerip is 16ipsd.

Unterhaching
Unterhaching is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Airce-KLM
Airce is a French airline company that made a megafusion in 2004 with Dutch airline company, KLM.

Oberschleißheim
Oberschleißheim is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Gräfelfing
Gräfelfing is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Neuried, Bavaria
Neuried is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria iny.

Oberhaching
Oberhaching is a municipality in Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria,y.

Upper Bavariament Region
Upper Bavaria is seven government regions in Bavaria,y.

Rosenheim
Rosenheim is a city in Upper Bavaria,y.

Ansbach
Ansbach is a city in Middleconia,y.

Passau
Passau is a city in Lower Bavaria,y.

Kempten im Allgäu
Kempten is a city in Swabia,y.

Landshut
Landshut is a city in Lower Bavaria,y .

Weiden in der Oberpfalz
Weiden  is a city in Upperitate in Bavaria,y.

Straubing
Straubing is a city in Lower Bavaria,y.

Memmingen
Memmingen is a city in Swabia in Bavaria,y.

Kaufbeuren
Kaufbeuren is a city in Swabia in Bavaria,y.

USA Today
"USA Today" is a daily newspaper.

Agriş River (Cormoş)
The Agriş River  is a tributary Cormoş River inia.

Agriş River (Crişul Alb)
The Agriş River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Agriş River (Mureş)
The Agriş River  is a tributary Luţ River inia.

Cologne Cathedral
Cologne Cathedral (offically:"Hohe Domkirche St.

T.N.T. (album)
"T.N.T." is studio album by hard rock band DC, released in Australia December 1975.

Taxi (TV series)
"Taxi" is an sitcom thatiginally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC, from 1982 to 1983 on NBC.

Notre-Dame d'Amiens
Amiens Cathedral is for a Cathedral in Amiens,ce.

Auburn University
Auburn University is a university in U.S.

Baltimore Orioles
The Baltimore Orioles is a Major League Baseball team in Baltimore,d.

Arizona Diamondbacks
The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball team based in Phoenix, Arizona.

Atlanta Braves
Theta Braves are a Major League baseball team inta, Georgia.

Colorado Rockies
The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball team in Denver, Colorado.

Florida Marlins
The Florida Marlins are a Major League Baseball team in Miami, Florida.

Houston Astros
The Houston Astros are a Major League Baseball team in Houston, Texas.

Dizzy Gillespie
John Birks "Dizzy" Gillespie  was an jazz trumpeter, bandleader, singer, composer century.

Ganz
Ganz is a company.

Johnd
Johnd  was an composer lutenist.

Partsong
Asong is a piece music to be sung by two more voices without accompaniment.

Nin Cathedral
Nin Catheral is a cathedral in Nin, Croatia.

Neume
Neume type music which is sung freely, without an exact rythm beat.

Masovianip
Masovianip is 16ipsd.

Steelyard
The Steelyard was a place in London for trading.

Hazard symbol
Hazard symbols are special symbols.

Pictogram
A Pictogram  is a drawing.

Świętokrzyskieip
Świętokrzyskieip is 16ipsd.

Commensalism
Commensalism is where twoganisms help each other.

820s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 770s - 780s - 790s - 800s - 810s - 820s - 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s Years: 820 821 822 823 824 825 826 827 828 829 .

Lindane
Lindane is an insecticide.

Fumaric acid
Fumaric acid is a chemical substance that occurs in various plants.

Tinia
Tinia was highest god in mythology, equivalent Jupiter Greek Zeus.

Susannah Spurgeon
Mrs.

Endospore
Endospores are objects made by bacteria for survival purposes.

WonderSwan Color
The Color is a handheld video game system.

Gel electrophoresis
Gel electrophoresis is a technique DNA different sizes.

Heinrichn
Heinrichn  was a treasure hunter.

Sonatina
A sonatina is a simple sonata.

Cyclone Nargis
Cyclone Nargis was a tropical cyclone.

Toilet paper
Toilet paper is soft paper, urine feces after using toilet.

Underpants
Underpants, also known as undergarments underwear, are thinner, articles clothing warn under layers clothing to further conceal privates such as penis testicles, vagina, anus.

Fox Interactive
Fox Interactive is a video game publisher developer who makes titles based on Century Fox franchises, such as "The Simpsons", "Family Guy", "Futurama", "Buffy Vampire Slayer", "Barbie", "The X-Files" many more.

Sauropods
Sauropods are a type herbivoric dinosaurs with long neckse tails.

Blockade
A blockade is any effort to make sure that supplies, troops, information aid do not reach an opposing force.

Bursa
Bursa is a city innorthwestern Turkey seat Bursa provience.The population city is about 2 million.

United States presidential election, 2008
The United States presidential election, 2008 is a political event which took place on November 4, 2008.

Democratic Party (United States) presidential primaries, 2008
The Democratic Party presidential primaries 2008 was an political event.

Theodorn
Theodoren  was a scientist who isolatedd enzyme pepsin.

Dubbo, New South Wales
Dubbo" is ae town, about four hours drive from Sydney, town in NSW.

Antiwar.com
Antiwar.com is an languagebsite containing news opinions.

Barium chloride
Barium chloride is a chemical substance.

Bunker (paintball)
In paintball, a bunker is an obstacle on playing field view opponents preventm from firing accurately.

Northtic Treaty
Wheny was reunified in 1990, country as a whole became a member NATO.

Blockadey
The blockadey, during World War I, was a First Battletic between United Kingdomy.

LeBron James
LeBron James  is an professional basketball player who currently plays ford Cavaliers National Basketball Association.

Silesianip
Silesianip is 16ipsd.

First Battletic
The First Battletic  was a naval campaign World War I,ely fought in seas around Isles intic.

Sukhoi
Sukhoi is a company that makes fighter jets for Air Force, other countries China.

Biomedical engineering
Biomedical engineering is study medical equipment used in an environment care physiological training how this equipment interfaces physically interacts with human body.

This Love (The Veronicas song)
This Love is a 2008 song by band The Veronicas.

List countries by GDP (PPP)
There are three lists countries worlded byir gross domestic product  .

VeggieTales
"VeggieTales" is a series children's computer animated movies a TV series on Qubo.

Kroppenstedt
Kroppenstedt is a town in Börde district, in Saxony-Anhalt,y.

Super Mario Bros. Deluxe
"Super Mario Bros.

Righteousness
Righteousness is an importantological concept in Islam, Judaismity.

Solange Knowles discography
This is discography, certification, music video information R&B singerge Knowles.

I Decided
"I Decided" is single released byge Knowles from her album Sol-Angel Hadley St.

Here Id
"Here Id" is R&B singer Usher's album, released 27 May 2008.

Usher
Usher Raymond IV  known simply by his Usher, is an R&B pop singer actor who rose to fame in mid-late 1990s.

Social equality
Social equality is about making sure people are treated fairly given fair chances.

JavaServer Pages
JavaServer Pages  is a programming language used server applications.

Bill Gothard
William  W.

Institute in Basic Life Principles
The Institute in Basic Life Principles  isganization in Oak Brook, Illinois.

Master Arts
A Master Arts  is a postgraduate academic master's degree given by universities in many countries.

American Fork River
The Fork River, in Utah, leaves Wasatch Mountains Fork Canyon about 35 miles southeast Salt Lake City.

Frank O'Connor
Charlescis O'Connor , calledk O'Connor, was an actor painter.

Alma mater
Alma mater is Latin for "nourishing mother".

Amplitude modulation
Amplitude Modulation,, is a simple way to send a radio signal.

Biberach (district)
Biberach ['bi:bərax] is a district in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Sam Allardyce
Sam Allardyce  is an football manager.

Chief Constable
A Chief Constable is top policeficer in a police force in United Kingdom.

Hugh Orde
Hugh Stephen Orde OBE is Chief Constable Police Serviced.

Candy Lo
Candy Lo is a C-rock singer-songwriter actress from Hong Kong.

Agriş River (Moraviţa)
The Agriş River is a tributary Moraviţa River inia.

Agriş River (Nera)
The Agriş River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Agriş River (Şieu)
The Agriş River is a tributary Şieu River inia.

Agriş River (Valea Baciului)
The Agriş River is a tributary Valea Baciului River inia.

Agrişteu River
The Agrişteu River  is a tributary Târnava Mică River inia.

Aiorman River
The River Peceneaga River is a tributary Danube inia.

Aita River
The Aita River  is a tributary Olt River inia.

Aiud River
The Aiud River Aiudul de Sus River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Alămor River
The Alămor River is a tributary Vişa River inia.

Say It Right
"Say It Right" is an R&B song performed by Nelly Furtado.

Greaterdip
Greaterdip is 16ipsd.

Moons Mars
Mars has two little moons, Phobos Deimos, which are thought to be captured asteroids.

Valea de Sub Masa Mare River
The Valea de Sub Masa Mare River Alba River is a tributary Şercaia River inia.

Alba River
The Alba River is a tributary Şuşiţa River inia.

Albac River (Arieş)
The Albac River is a tributary Arieşul Mare River inia.

Albac River (Hârtibaciu)
The Albac River  is a tributary Hârtibaciu River inia.

Albele River (Jaleş)
The Albele River is a tributary Jaleş River inia.

Albele River (Strâmbu)
The Albele River is a tributary Strâmbu River inia.

Albeşti River (Bahlui)
The Albeşti River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Albeşti River (Bârlad)
The Albeşti River is a tributary Bârlad River inia.

Albeşti River (Cungrea Mică)
The Albeşti River is a tributary Cungrea Mică River inia.

Albeşti River (Mangalia)
The Albeşti River is a tributary Black Sea inia.

Albeşti River (Vedea)
The Albeşti River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Albioara River
The Albioara River is a headwater Roşia River inia.

Albiş River
The Albiş River is a tributary Cernat River inia.

James Horner
James Honer is a music director.

MP3 player
An MP3 player is a portable audio device where people can listen to songs with.

Wi-Fi Protected Access
Wi-Fi Protected Access  is for a number standards to use encryption on a Wireless LAN.

Wired Equivalent Privacy
Wired Equivalent Privacy  is a standard to use encryption in Wireless LANs.

Congress Vienna
The Congress Vienna was a conference ambassadors major powers Europe.

Coin collecting
Coin collecting is when people buy keep coins which are old, rare, just interesting for pleasure owningm.

Blood Red Shoes
Blood Red Shoes are an indie music band from Brighton,d.

Bret Hart
Bret "The" Hart is a Pro-wrestling superstar.

Lage, Illinois
Lage, a suburb Chicago, is a village in Cook County, in U.S.

Eurovision Song Contest 2008
The Eurovision Song Contest 2008 is a annual song contest held by country who won previous year.

All We Know
All We Know is a 2006 song by Paramore,f album All We Know is Falling.

Misery Business
Misery Business is a 2007 song by band Paramore.

Wesfarmers
Wesfarmers is a company.

Pressure (Paramore song)
Pressure is single from album "All We Know is Falling", by band Paramore.

Hazelwood North, Victoria
Hazelwood North is a town in Victoria, Australia.

Hasselt
Hasselt is a city in Belgium.

Focus on Family
Focus on Family  is an evangelical group.

Adventures in Odyssey
"Adventures in Odyssey"  is angelical-themed radio drama comedy.

Youth for Christ
Youth for Christ  is an international ministry that promotes youth evangelism biblicality.

Henry Luce
Henry Robinson Luce  was an important publisher.

Big Bear Lake, California
Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Memorial
A memorial is an object which serves as a memorything, usually a person  an famous event.

Logging
Logging is process in which trees are cut down for forest management/or timber harvest.

Kølig Kaj
Kølig Kaj was a rapper who gained national fame in 1997 by winning Melodid Prix with his song "Stemmen I Mit Liv".

Forbiddenet
The Forbiddenet is a popular comic book, toys, other multimedia objects store.

Tobey Maguire
Tobey Maguire is an actor notable for being in all three Spider-Man movies.

Chaplain
A chaplain is typically a priest, pastor,dained deacon other member clergy.

Albota River
The Albota River is a tributary Arpaş River inia.

Albuia River
The Albuia River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Siret River
The Siret River  is a river that comes up froms in northern Bukovina region Ukraine.

Northwestern College
Northwestern College is located in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Someş River
The river Someş in Szamos in, is a river that flows throughia Hungary.

Walker (tool)
A walker walking frame is a tool for disabled people who need help to support keep balance while walking.

Gilort River
The Gilort River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Jiu River
The Jiu  is a river in southernia.

George Beverly Shea
George Beverly "Bev" Shea  is a famous singer songwriter gospel music, has wrote several hymns.

Prut
Prut, Pruth,  is a 953 km long river in Europe.

Ialomiţa River
The Ialomiţa River  is a river in southernia.

James Dobson
James Clayton "Jim" Dobson  is both starter chairman board Focus on Family.

QuickTime
QuickTime is a software made by Apple Inc.

Subspecies
Subspecies is a classification  in biology.

Centrifugal force
In physics, centrifugal force  is a fictitious force that appears when describing physics in a rotating reference frame; it acts on anything with mass considered in such a frame.

Peeter Volkonski
Peeter Volkonski Peeter  , in Tallinn, Estonia) is a actor rock-musician composer.

Bobby Valentino
Robert Wilson , better known by his stage Bobby Valentino, is an R&B singer.

Anonymous (song)
Anonymous is single from Bobby Valentino's album, Special Occasion.

Mixed drink
A mixed drink is a type drink where two more diffent drinks are mixed together to create a new drink.

Smash Mouth
Smash Mouth is a pop/rock band from San Jose, California, USA.

Mallacoota, Victoria
Mallacoota  is a town in Eastd, Victoria, Australia.

Cancuén
Cancuén is an archaeological site pre Maya civilization, It can be found in Pasión subregion central Maya lowlands.

Rum
Rum is an alcoholic spirit.

Pridoni
Pridoni  is famous writers who contributed poetry literature, asll as its political social life.

Bill Kaulitz
Bill Kaulitz  is lead singer Tokio Hotel.

Western Front (World War I)
After beginning World War I in 1914, army started Front by invading Luxembourg Belgium.

Artifact (archaeology)
In archaeology, an artifact artefact is an object made modified by a human culture.

Coba
Coba  is a ruined city Pre Maya civilization.

Tectonic (geology)
Tectonic means study earth's structural features, especially folding faulting  earth's crust.

Tajal Ahk
Tajal Ahk, also T'ah 'ak' Cha'an, was an century ruler Maya city Cancuén, whose rule lasted from 757 to ca.

Moldova River
The Moldova River is a river inia, in historical region Moldavia.

Buzău River
The Buzău River is a river in easternia, tributary Siret River.

Prahova River
The Prahova River is a river in southernia.

Elsa Einstein
Elsa Einstein, , was wife cousin phyicist, Albert Einstein.

Noggin (TV channel)
Fox Nogginnel is a cable television network in United States, children learn.

Creation Museum
The Creation Museum is a 60,000 square foot museum in United States.

Cigher River
The Cigher River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

George Whitefield
George Whitefield , was a preacher in Churchd.

Timiş River
The Timiş Tamiš  is a 359 kilometer long river coming up from Semenic Mountains, southern Mountains, in Caraş-Severin County,ia.

Bahlui River
The Bahlui is river Iaşi County, in easternia.

Dămuc River
The Dămuc River is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Nera River
The Nera  is a 124 km long river inia Serbia.

Putna River (Siret)
Putna River is a tributary Siret River incea County inia, in old region Moldavia.

Bistriţa River (Someş)
The Bistriţa  is a river in regionia, in county Bistriţa-Năsăud.

Dâmboviţa River
The Dâmboviţa River is a river inia.

Communesia
A commune  is lowest level division inia.

Municipalitiesia
A municipality  is a subdivision inia.

The Way Master
The Way Master  is aity based evangelism ministry.

Novaja Zemlja
Novaja Zemlja is a group two islands .

Don't Stop The Music
Don't Stop The Music  is a 2007 song byna.

Someşul Mare River
The Someşul Mare  is a river in north-westernia.

Suceava River
The Suceava River is a river that can be found in north-easternia, in Suceava County.

Lotru River
The Lotru River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Azuga River
The Azuga River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Strei River
The Strei River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Nick Carter
Nickolas Gene Carter  is an actor, musician, pop singer.

Iada River
The Iada River is a tributary Crişul Repede River inia.

Iza River
The Iza River is a tributary Tisa River inia.

Howie Dorough
Howard Dwaine Dorough , also known as Howie D, is an singer.

A. J.
Alexander James  is an musician member singing group Backstreet Boys.

Brian Littrell
Brian Thomas Littrell  is an singer.

Kevin Richardson
Kevin Scott Richardson  is an singer member Backstreet Boys.

Spanish conquest Yucatán
The Conquest Yucatán was campaign undertaken by "conquistadores" against Late Postclassic Maya states.

Becquerel
The becquerel  is SI derived unit radioactivity, defined as activity a quantity radioactive material in which nucleus decays per.

Popol Vuh
The Popol Vuh  is a book written in Classical Quiché language.

Popol Vuh (disambiguation)
Popol Vuh  is book scripture Quiché, a kingdom post classic Maya civilization in highland Guatemala.

Albu River
The Albu River is a tributary Pârgavu River inia.

Albul River
The Albul River is a tributary Bătătura Cailor River inia.

Alceu River
The Alceu River is a tributary Crişul Repede River inia.

North Berwick
North Berwick is a town in East,d.

Southern Brazil
The Region Brazil is five administrative regions Brazil.

Jean-Luc Picard
Jean-Luc Picard is a ' character.

McCune-Reischauer
McCune-Reischauer romanization is two widely used language romanization systems, along with Revisedization, which replaced  McCune-Reischauer asficial romanization system in South Korea in 2000.

Revisedization
The Revised romanization hangul is convenient to type on computers since it uses only Latin letters symbols, omitting apostrophes breves thatre problematic with McCune-Reischauer system.

Motru River
The Motru River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Sadu River (Olt)
The Sadu River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Bistriţa River (Jiu)
The Bistriţa River  is a tributarya River inia.

Lake Annecy
Lake Annecy  is a lake in Haute-Savoie areace.

Haute-Savoie
Haute-Savoie is a French department.

Notre-Dame de Chartres
Chartres Cathedral  is a Cathedral.

Lough Neagh
Lough Neagh is a lake ind, United Kingdom.

Intel Core 2
Intel Core 2 is a group microprocessors Intel's previous Core brand.

Deanna Troi
Deanna Troi is a ' character.

Bicaz River
The Bicaz River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Bărbat River
The Bărbat River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Uz River
The Uz River is a tributary Trotuş inia.

Niraj River
The Niraj River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Aldămaş River
The Aldămaş River  is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Aleşteu River
The Aleşteu River is a tributary River inia.

Aleu River
The Aleu River is a tributary Crişul Pietros River inia.

Traditional heavy metal
Traditional heavy metal isiginal style heavy metal music before genre "evolved different styles subgenres." The term is used in reference to bands that are to thisiginal style.

Soulcalibur
"Soulcalibur", known in as "", is a fighting video game made by Namco for Arcades Dreamcast video game console.

Disney's Aladdin Junior
"Disney's Aladdin Junior."  is musicals in Broadway Junior series by Music Theatreational.

Polynomial
When you see letters mixed with numbers arithmetic, "x"2+2"x"-7,re is a chance that it is a polynomial.

Unknown (math)
In mathematics, an unknown is a number don't know.

Agnieszka Włodarczyk
Agnieszka Włodarczyk (b.

The Last McDuck
"The last McDuck" is chapter The life times Scrooge McDuck's.

The Master Mississippi
"The Master Mississippi" is chapter life times Scrooge McDuck's.

The Empire-Builder from Calisota
"The Empire-Builder from Calisota"is chapter life times Scrooge McDuck plot.

The Richest Duck in World
"The Richest Duck in World" is last chapter life times Scrooge McDuck's.

Alexeni River
The Alexeni River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Alibeg River (Bârzava)
The Alibeg River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Online pharmacy
An online pharmacy is a pharmacy that operates onet to sell medications to consumers.

Alibeg River (Danube)
The Alibeg River is a tributary Danube inia.

Juan Egenau
Juan Egenau, sculptor, February 24, 1927, April, 1987 Santiago Chile.

Sadu River (Jiu)
The Sadu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Bârlad River
The Bârlad is a river in easternia.

Bistricioara River (Siret)
The Bistricioara River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Jiul de Vest River
The Jiul de Vest River is a headwater Jiu River inia.

Olteţ River (Olt)
The Olteţ River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Foramen magnum
The foramen magnum is several holes in base skull.

Bipedalism
Bipedalism is a movement on ground.

Taung Child
The Taung Child is a fossil a skull.

Dennis
Dennis  played basketball in NBA from 1986 to 2000.

Coconut water
Coconut water is liquid inside young coconuts.

Ralph Ellison
Ralph Waldo Ellison  was an writer.

Federal government United States
The federal government United States has three branches government; legislature, executive, judiciary.

Draco Malfoy
Draco Malfoy is a character from "Harry Potter" stories.

Pichat
Pichat is a chat software protocol to communicate exchange information.

PCLinuxOS
PCLinuxOS is a Linux operating system.

Nutrition
Nutrition provides cells anganism with food, in ay can use.

Lei (Hawaii)
A Lei is a flower necklace from Hawaii.

Orchidaceae
Orchidaceae  is ae flower - family which grows nearly all over world.

Steve Buscemi
Steven Vincent Buscemi  is an Emmy-nominated actor.

Closet
A closet is a room in a room in which people putir clothes.

FreeDOS
FreeDOS is a free open-source operating system.

List The Buzz on Maggie Episodes
This article contains, a least will contain, specific information on every epsiode in Disney's The Buzz on Maggie.

Coahoma County, Mississippi
Coahoma County is a county located in north-western Mississippi.

Provinceo-Bozen
The Provinceo-Bozen  is an autonomous province in north Italy.

Province Trento
The Province Trento , also called Trentino, is an autonomous province Italy.

Walkers Stadium
The Walkers Stadium is a football stadium in Leicester,d, where Leicester City Football Club playir home football matches.

Botoşani
Botoşani (pronunciation in: is capital city Botoşani County, in northern Moldavia,ia.

Little Ice Age
The Little Ice Age  was a period cooling after a warmer era that is known as Medieval Warm Period.

Trade route
A trade route is a series pathways roads that is transport cargo.

Zircon
Zircon is a silicate mineral.

Labradorite
Labradorite is feldspar.

Beryl
Beryl is a silicate mineral, is maine beryllium metal.

Hallstatt
Hallstatt is a village in Upper Austria.

Mayflower Compact
The Mayflower Compact was governing document Plymouth Colony.

John Piper (theologian)
John Stephen Piper  is a Reformed Baptistologian, preacher, author.

Bill Gates
William Henry Gates III , commonly known as Bill Gates, is co-founder Chief Microsoft.

Fibula (brooch)
A Fibula is an ancient brooch.

United States Supreme Court building
The Supreme Court building is home Supreme Court United States.

Bethlehem Baptist Church (Minneapolis)
The Bethlehem Baptist Church  is a megachurch in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Megachurch
A megachurch is ae church.

T.N.T. (song)
T.N.T.

Medieval Warm Period
The Medieval Warm Period  Medieval Climate Optimum was a time unusually warm climate in Northtic region.

Motor sports
Motor sports are sports whereicipants use a motor vehicle for sporting.

Niagara IceDogs
The Niagara IceDogs are a junior ice hockey team in Ontario Hockey League based in St.

Haan
Haan is a town in districtn in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Gas chamber
A gas chamber is an airtight room people animals by means gas.

Total Nonstop Action Wrestling
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling  is a professional wrestling company founded in 2002ly after Worldip Wrestling closed down.

Battle Bulge
The Battle Bulge was a battle Allied Powers against Naziy That took place during World War II.

Nothing
Nothing is a concept being without all matter.

Moon
The Moon  is people generally say when talking about Earth's moon.

U.S. Electoral College
The United States Electoral College is a 538 Presidential electors who come together every four years during presidential election to giveirficial votes for President Vice President United States.

Will
Will is a voice actor fromd, Ohio.

Colonial history United States
The term colonial history United States refers to history land that would become United States from beginning settlement to time freedom from Europe,icularly to history thirteen colonies Britain which statedmselves free in 1776.

Captivity (animal)
Animals who live under human control care are in captivity.

Choctaw
The Choctaw are a Native peopleiginally from United States.

Natives in United States
Natives in United States are indigenous peoples from areas North America now continental United States, includings Alaska.

Brian Cowen
Brian Cowen  is current Taoiseach  Republicd.

Web chat
Ab chat is a chat system to exchange information via Web.

Britishd Prix
Thed Prix is a car race normally held in Silverstone inire but it has been held at other racing circuits includingds Hatch in Kent.

Ob River
The Ob is a river in Siberia.

Deductive reasoning
Deduction is two main types reasoning.

Inductive reasoning
Induction is two mains logical reasoning.

Moon Landing Conspiracy Theory
The Moon Landing Conspiracy Theory is idea people have that men did not really land on moon.

Oklahoma Territory
Oklahoma Territory was anganized territory United States from May 2, 1890 until November 16, 1907, when Oklahoma became state.

Scientificory
A scientificory is a law science that has been testedly many times by many people.

Marin-Epagnier
Marin-Epagnier is a municipality in district Neuchâtel in Swiss canton Neuchâtel.

Magdalenenberg
Magdalenenberg is for a tumulus grave.

Sacred Cenote
Sacred Cenote  is all known cenote at Maya site Chichen Itza.

Cenote
A cenote  is a type sinkhole that contains groundwater.

Monkton,et
"Monkton is an village located on Canterbury-Ramsgate road, at south-western edge Isleet, Kent near St Nicholas at Wade Minster-inet.

Black tie
Black ties is word for a type clothing that normally includes either a dinner jacket suit that consists a jacket matching trouser.

Electric chair
An electric chair is a specially built chair which is used on execution by electrocution  convicted criminals.

Santiago Bernabéu Stadium
The Santiago Bernabéu is a football stadium in Madrid, Spain.

Electrocution
Electrocution electric shock is when electricity passes throughthing living.

Stora Enso
Stora Enso is a cellulose paper making corporation.

SpeechWeb
A SpeechWeb is a collection SpeechWeb applications.

Tikal
Tikal  is ancient ruined cities Maya civilization.

Bard
Bardsre probably a social class in Celtic Europe.

Mausoleum
A mausoleum is a building remains people who have died.

Venus figurines
Possibly among earliest traces art are Venus figurines.

List Muslims
This is a list Muslims, people who follow Islam.

Venus Tan-Tan
The Venus Tan-Tan is a venus figurine.

Venus Berekhat Ram
The Venus Berekhat Ram is a stone that was found on Heights in 1981.

List Baptists
This is a list Baptists.

Joy
Joy is an emotion great happiness.

Chattanooga, Tennessee
Chattanooga is-largest city in Tennessee, a state in United States America.

Desiring God
Desiring God is ministry John Piper Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Greenville, South Carolina
Greenville is a city in South Carolina, United States.

Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
"This article is aboutologian (b.

Prostate cancer
Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in prostate, a gland in male reproductive system.

John Edwards
Johnny Reid "John" Edwards 1953) is an politician who served term as U.S.

Fuller Theological Seminary
The Fuller Theological Seminary is located in Pasadena, California.

Bachelor Divinity
Inology, a Bachelor Divinity  is usually an undergraduate academic degree given for courses taken in study divinity.

Freespire
Freespire is a Linux distribution made withs from Ubuntu.

Spiritual gift
Inity, spiritual gifts are gifts given tos.

Sanctification
The word sanctification  refers to act making holy setting apart special.

Glossolalia
Glossolalia   "to talk") is being able to say fluent languages but without knowingm.

Christian hedonism
Christian hedonism is a controversial doctrine in evangelical churches.

AFL Goal Year
The Geelong Cats have a record with nominations for "Goal Year".

Ceramics
Ceramics is for materials that areed by use heat.

Yucatec language
Yucatec Maya  is a language spoken in Yucatán Peninsula.

Uxmal
Uxmal is ae pre city.

Tayasal
Tayasal is a pre Maya archaeological site from Postclassic period.

Archaeological site
An Archeological site is a physical location where archaeologists work.

Copán
Copán was a Maya city.

Stephenie Meyer
Stephenie Meyer  is an author.

Flora Thompson
Flora Jane Thompson  was an novelist poet that was famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about countryside, "Lark Rise to Candleford".

ClamWin
ClamWin is a free, open source antivirus software for Microsoft Windows.

Marco van Basten
Marcel "Marco" van Basten  is a Dutch football player.

Masonary
Masonry is building structures from individual units laid in bound together by mortar.

Lark Rise to Candleford
"Lark Rise to Candleford" is a trilogy semi-autobiographical novels about countryside, written by Flora Thompson, published in that in 1945.

Lark Rise to Candleford (TV series)
"Lark Rise to Candleford" is a 2008 television costume drama series, adapted by BBC from Flora Thompson's trilogy semi-autobiographical novels about countryside.

Cinnabar
Cinnabar is a mineral.

Rattlesnake
The rattlesnake is a snake, a reptile.

12 Rounds (movie)
"12 Rounds" is an upcoming  movie set to be directed by Renny Harlin produced by WWE Films.

Miami Seaquarium
The Miami Seaquarium is an aquarium located on Virginia Key, in Miami, Florida.

Winter solstice
The winter solstice occurs at when Sun's place in sky is at its greatest angular distance on side equatorial plane from watcher.

Sergio Castillo
Sergio Castillo  is a sculptor.

Summer solstice
The summer solstice occurs at instant when Sun's place in sky is at its angular distance on side equatorial plane from watcher.

Bearded dragon
The Central Bearded Dragon is common for species "Pogona vitticeps", a type lizard that lives in dry areas Australia.

Mensaational
Mensaational  is, oldest famous high-IQ group people in world.

Celinea
Celinea is starter Celine, a French luxury house.

Mensa
When a plural exists, it isten Mensae, such as Cydonia Mensae.

Intertel
Intertel is oldest high IQ society.

Dow Jones Industrial Average
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , also called DJIA, Dow 30, informally The Dow Jones The Dow) is a few stock markets created by nineteenth century "Wall Street Journal" editor Dow Jones &y co-founder Charles Dow.

Old Major (Animal Farm)
Old Major is a character in book "Animal Farm".

Amazonas State, Brazil
Amazonas is state in Brazil by area.

Yanomami
The Yanomami are an indigenous tribe living in southern Venezuela  northern Brazil .

Glamis Castle
Glamis Castle is famous castles in United Kingdom.

Oasis
In geography an oasis is an isolated place in desert wherere is vegetation.

Ancient Near East
The Ancient Near East is given to early civilizations within a region roughly corresponding to modern Middle East: Mesopotamia , Persia , Anatolia ,t , Ancient Egypt, from rise Sumer in millennium BCE until region's conquest byder Great in century BCE, covering both Bronze Age Iron Age in region.

Clover (Animal Farm)
Clover is a character from "Animal Farm".

Boxer (Animal Farm)
Boxer is a character from book Animal Farm by George Orwell.

Benjamin (Animal Farm)
In fictional story "Animal Farm", Benjamin is elderly animal on Manor Farm, extremely hot-tempered.

Atari 2600
Atari 2600 is a video game console which was released in United States in October 1977.

Sega Master System
The Sega Master System is a video game console made in 1986.

Platformer
A "platform game", "platformer", is a video game where player has to jump from to platforms over obstacles.

Remote control
A remote control is a device commands  from a distance to televisions, DVD players so on.

Spacewar!
"Spacewar!" is known video games.

Giotto di Bondone
Giotto di Bondone , usually known as Giotto, was an painter architect from Florence.

Pliny Younger
Gaius Caius Plinius Caecilius Secundus, born Gaius Caius Plinius Caecilius (61/63 in Como - ca.

Moura solar power station
The Moura solar photovoltaic power station is located in municipality Moura, in interior region Alentejo, Portugal, will have an installed capacity 62 MWp.

Jérémie
Jérémie  is a city in southwest Haiti.

Three Miled accident
The 1979 Three Miled accident at Three Miled Nuclear Powert inia was "the single important event in fifty-year history nuclear power regulation in United States".

Windscale fire
The Windscale fire was a devastating fire in Britain's nuclear reactor at Windscale  in 1957.

Tokaimura nuclear accident
Japan's worst nuclear radiation accident took place at a uranium reprocessing facility in Tokaimura, northeast Tokyo,, on 30 September, 1999.

Nuclear accidents in
Nuclear accidents in include: fast breeder Monju Nuclear Powert sodium leak in December 1995 , Tokai reprocessing waste explosion in March 1997, criticality accident at Tokai fuel fabrication facility in September 1999 a widespread falsification scandal starting in August 2002 that lead to shut down all Tokyo Electric Powery’s 17 nuclear reactors.

Nuclear energy policy
Nuclear energy policy is a national international policy concerning all aspects nuclear energy, such as mining for nuclear fuel, extraction processing nuclear fuel frome, generating electricity by nuclear power, enriching storing spent nuclear fuel nuclear fuel reprocessing.

Nuclear accident
The serious nuclear accident wasobyl disaster in 1986.

Parallel port
The parallel port  is a type interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals.

Plastic surgery
Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change way a person's body looks works.

Nürburgring
The Nürburgring, known as simply "the Ring" by enthusiasts, is a famous motorsport race track in Nürburg,y, built in 1920s around village medieval castle Nürburg in Eifel, which is about 70 kilometres south Cologne, 100 kilometres northwest Mainz, 120 kilometres northwestkfurt.

Aung San Suu Kyi
Aung San Suu Kyi ; born June 19, 1945 in Yangon, Burma is a woman who tries to bring democracy to her country.

Rangerium Mine
Rangerium Mine is ae uranium deposit located within borders Kakadu National Park.

Mollie (Animal Farm)
Mollie is a character from book "Animal Farm".

Nevada Test Site
The Nevada Test Site is an area set aside for testing nuclearapons.

Napoleon (Animal Farm)
Napoleon is a character in book Animal Farm.

Snowball (animal farm)
Snowball is a character in book "Animal Farm".

Anti-nuclear movement in Australia
Australia has no nuclear power stations current Rudd Labor government is power for Australia.

Sublingual gland
The sublingual glands are main three pairs salivary glands.

Anti-nuclear movement in United States
For many years anti-nuclear movement in United States succeeded in delaying halting commitments to build new nuclear plants.

Prajna
Prajna is a Buddhist word meaning wisdom.

Fair use (internet)
Fair use is used byet service providers who don't have data limits.

Squealer (Animal Farm)
Squealer is a porker on Manor Farm in book "Animal Farm".

Minimus (Animal Farm)
Minimus is a character in book "Animal Farm".

2006 legislative election
On January 25 2006,s Council , legislature National Authority .

Cugir River
The Cugir River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Beliu River
The Beliu River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Bega River (Tisza)
The Bega ,: "Bega",: "Béga") is a 254 km long river inia  Serbia .

Doftana River (Prahova)
Thea River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Tizimín
Tizimín is a city in Mexico.

Almălău River
The Almălău River is a tributary Danube inia.

Almaş River (Bistriţa)
The Almaş River is a tributary Cracău River inia.

Almaş River (Crişul Alb)
The Almaş River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Dick Locher
Dick Locher is a person who makes cartoons.

Come See Paradise
Come See Paradise is a movie made in 1990 that shows from in World War II ifyre living in America.

Almaş River (Criş)
The Almaş River is a tributary Drauţ River inia.

Bertea River
The Bertea River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Ozunca River
The Ozunca River Băţani River is a tributary Baraolt River inia.

Baraolt River
The Baraolt River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Vedea River
The Vedea River  in southernia comes up froma Plateau flows into Danube.

Boca River (Siret)
The Boca River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Tisza
The Tisza is major rivers Central Europe.

Paris Tramway Line 1
Paris Tramway Line 1 is tram lines in Paris.

Flag Oklahoma
The flag banner U.S.

Luis Carlos de Morais Jr.
Luis Carlos de Morais Jr.

Seal Oklahoma
The Great Seal Oklahoma is a five-pointed star in a circle.

Orienteering
Orienteering is a sport where people run around a place with instructions on a map.

Brad Henry
Charles Bradford "Brad" Henry  isor U.S.

Governor Oklahoma
Theor State Oklahoma is head state for State Oklahoma, United States.

King Klondike
"King Klondike" is main chapter The Life Times Scrooge McDuck.

The Billionaire Dismal Downs
Tbe Billionaire Dismal Downs is ninth episode The life times Scrooge McDuck.

A Cage Nightingales
A Cage Nightingales is a 1945 French movie directed by Dréville.

Clarence Clifton Young
Clarence Clifton Young  was an politician from state Nevada.

San Salvador
San Salvador is capital city nation El Salvador.

Ivybridge
Ivybridge is a town in county Devon ind .

Saidoff
Emin Pariz Saidoff  Christina Princess Saidoff  are Dutch celebrities,y animals, models, singers, actors television personalities.

OGame
OGame is a browser-based strategy game.

Menopause
Menopause means natural permanent stopping menstruation.

Dong Hoi Airport
Dong Hoi Airport is an airport in Dong Hoi City ing Binh Province, in central Vietnam.

Sandal
Sandals are an open type footwear, consisting a sole held toarer's foot by straps thongs passing over instep around ankle.

Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice is a television show about a teenage girld Lydia who does not her school peers from nowhere a ghost Beetlejuice appears.

Province Agrigento
Agrigento is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Provinceissetta
Caltanissetta is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Provinceia
Catania is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Province Enna
Enna is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Province Messina
Messina is a province in autonomous region Sicily.

Province Palermo
Palermo is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Province Ragusa
Ragusa is a province in autonomous region Sicily, Italy.

Patrick Stewart
Patrick Stewart  is an actor.

Province Syracuse
Syracuse is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Provincei
Trapani is a province in autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Province Cagliari
Cagliari is a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

Province Carbonia-Iglesias
Carbonia-Iglesias is a province in autonomous region Sardinia, Italy.

Andy Abraham
Andy Abraham  is an singer-songwriter.

Seahorse
Seahorses are a type fish.

Cavnic River
The Cavnic River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

Trotuş River
The Trotuş River in easternia comes up from Ciuc Mountains ins joins Siret River.

Talna River
The Talna River is a tributary Tur River inia.

Jijia River (Prut)
Jijia is a river in Moldavia regionia.

Târnava Mare River
The Târnava Mare River  is a river inia.

Crişul Alb River
The Crişul Alb  Fehér-Körös  is a river insternia  south-eastern Hungary .

Someşul Mic River
The Someşul Mic River  is a river in north-westernia .

Neajlov River
Neajlov is a river inia.

Târnava Mică River
The Târnava Mică River  is a river inia.

Jiul de Est River
The Jiul de Est River is a headwater Jiu River inia.

Latvian lats
Latvian lats are currency used in Latvia.

Almaş River (Turia)
The Almaş River  is a river inia.

Almaş River (Mureş)
The Almaş River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Almaş River (Valea Crişului)
The Almaş River is a tributary Pârâul Mijlociu inia.

Almaş River (Someş)
The Almaş River Valea Fildului River  is a tributary Someş River inia.

Lexical category
In grammar, a lexical category  is a type word.

The Plague Dogs
"The Plague Dogs" is a 1977 novel written by Richard Adams, famous for hisll-known-selling novel, "Watership Down".

House (TV series)
House is a medical drama shown on TV, created by David Shore in 2004.

Province Medioo
Medioo is a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

Province Nuoro
Nuoro is a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

Province Ogliastra
Ogliastra ia a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

Province Olbia-Tempio
Olbia-Tempio is a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

Provinceo
Oristano is a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

Province Sassari
Sassari is a province in autonomous region Sardinia in Italy.

War two brothers
War two brothers , was a war in 1527 .

Lost city
Lost citiesre real cities that for reasonir location was lost.

Warpfire
Warpfire is a RPG.

Popol Vuh (German band)
Popol Vuh was a Krautrock band that was founded by pianist keyboardist Fricke in 1970 together with Holger Trulzsch k Fiedler .

Franchising
Franchising is a business method that involves licensing trademarks methods doing business.

Provincedria
Alessandria is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Asti
Asti is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Biella
Biella is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Cuneo
Cuneo is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Novara
Novara is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Turin
Turin  is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Provinceo-Cusio-Ossola
Verbano-Cusio-Ossola is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Vercelli
Vercelli is a province in region Piedmont, Italy.

Province Campobasso
Campobasso is a province in region Molise, Italy.

Provinceia
Isernia is a province in region Molise, Italy.

Province Ancona
Ancona is a province in region Marche in Italy.

Cannon
A cannon is a type artillery,e gun.

Province Macerata
Macerata is a province in region Marche in Italy.

Steven Cherundolo
Steven Cherundolo  is an soccer player.

WrestleMania 25
WrestleMania 25 is upcoming twenty-fifth yearlyia professional wrestling Pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment is place on April 5, 2009 att Stadium in Houston, Texas.

Almaşul Mic River
The Almaşul Mic River is a tributary Valea Crişului River inia.

Almăşel River
The Almăşel River is a tributary Geoagiu River inia.

Almăşeni River
The Almăşeni River is a tributary Iara River inia.

Countiesia
The judeţe  are administrative unitsia.

Alba County
Alba  is a county ia, inia.

Arad County
Arad  is a county ia, in Crişana.

Sanrio
Sanrio Co., Ltd.

John Burningham
John Burningham is a childrens book writer illustrator.

Kate Greenaway Medal
The Kate Greenaway Medal is an award that was created in United Kingdom in 1955.

Kate Greenaway
Catherine "Kate" Greenaway  was a children's book illustrator writer.

The Cry Icemark
"The Cry Of The Icemark" is book in Icemark Chronicles that are written by author Stuart Hill.

Blade Fire
"Blade Fire" is book in Stuart Hill's fantasy series, Icemark Chronicles.

Stuart Hill
Stuart Hill is a author who was born in 1958.

Chinon
Chinon is a town commune Indre-et-Loire "département" ince.

Ring Fire
The Ring Of Fire is a area with active volcanoes.

Palenque
Palenque  is a Maya archeological site near Usumacinta River in state Chiapas.

Jack Hyles
Jack Frasure Hyles  was a important person in independent Baptist movement.

Old Geyser
Old is a cone geyser located in Wyoming, in Yellowstone National Park in United States.

Odyssey (disambiguation)
The "Odyssey" is an ancient Greek epic poem by Homer.

Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata  is an Argentina sports club, city La Plata, Buenos Aires.

Province Pesaro Urbino
Pesaro Urbino is a province in region Marche in Italy.

Camilla, Duchess Cornwall
The Duchess Cornwall  is wife The Prince Wales.

Clarence House
Clarence House is home The Prince Wales in London.

Heals
Heals  is a department store chain comprising seven stores, was founded in 1810 by John Harris Heal.

Chain store
Chain stores are a range retaillets which share a brand central management, usually with standardized business methods practices.

Province Bergamo
Bergamo is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Province Brescia
Brescia is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Province Como
Como is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Province Cremona
Cremona is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

St. Augustine, Florida
St.

Jefferson,a
Jefferson is a parish in U.S.

King's Lynn
King's Lynn is a town port in Norfolk,d.

Peterhof
Peterhof  is a town within Petrodvortsovy District federal city Saint Petersburg on southern shore Gulfd .

Haltern
Haltern  is a town a municipality in district Recklinghausen, in North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Rapides,a
Rapides is a parish in U.S.

Enteric nervous system
The enteric nervous system  is a subdivision Peripheral nervous system, that directly controls gastrointestinal system.

Carl Frederick Tandberg
Carl Frederick Tandberg , was a bass fiddle musician who recorded with Glen Campbellkie Ortega.

Personification
A personification is a figure speech that gives an inanimate object human traits qualities, such as emotions, desires, sensations, physical gestures speech.

The Named
"The Named" is a fantasy book that was written byne Curley.

The Dark (novel)
"The Dark" is a fantasy book that was written byne Curley.

The Key (novel)
"The Key" is a fantasy book that was written byne Curley.

Marianne Curley
Marianne Curley'",  is an writer.

Guardians Time Trilogy
The "Guardians Time" Trilogy is a series fictional books that are written byne Curley.

Ender's Game
"Ender's Game"  is famous books written by Orson Scott Card.

Orson Scott Card
Orson Scott Card  is a popular writer, a critic, political writer, speaker.

Genius Squad
"Genius Squad" is a book that was written by Catherine Jinks in 2008.

Evil Genius (book)
"Evil Genius" is a book written by Catherine Jinks in 2005.

Catherine Jinks
Catherine Jinks  is an writer.

Public speaking
Public speaking is speaking to a group people in anganized way with hope to give information to, influence, entertain listeners.

University North Carolina at Chapel Hill
The University North Carolina at Chapel Hill  is a university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.

Michigan State University
Michigan State University  is a public university in East Lansing,.

Big Ten Conference
The Big Ten Conference is United States' oldest Division I college athletic conference.

Standard asteroid physical characteristics
For majority numbered asteroids, almost nothing is known apart from a few physical parameters.

Asteroid spectral types
Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape, color,times albedo.

Saturn's Gallic group satellites
The Gallic group is a dynamical grouping prograde irregular satellites Saturn following similarbits.

Sulawesi
Sulawesi (formerly known as Celebes, is four Sundads Indonesia is situated between Borneo Malukuds.

Flores
Flores is Lesser Sundads, an island arc with an estimated area 14,300 km² extending east from Java island Indonesia.

Sumbawa
Sumbawa is an island, located in middle Lesser Sundads chain, with Lombok tost, Flores to east, Sumba further to southeast.

Clothing in Ancient Rome
Clothing in Ancient Rome is commonly known by toga stola.

Tibia (video game)
Tibia is a MMORPG Video game.

Royal Library Turin
The Royal Library Turin is a important museum in Turin, Italy.

Tibia
The tibia, shinbone, shankbone is stronger two bones in leg below knee in vertebrates.

Chauzon
Chauzon is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Chazeaux
Chazeaux is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Cheminas
Cheminas is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Le Cheylard
Le Cheylard is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Theory colours
"Theory Colours"  is a book byng von Goethe published in 1810.

Orthodox
Orthodox is a word about beliefs.

Will Rogers
William Penn Adair “Will” Rogers  was a Cherokee cowboy, comedian, humorist, social commentator, vaudeville performer actor.

Tetris DX
'Tetris DX is a video game released in 1998 for Game Boy Color console.

Alkene
Alkenes are a group hydrocarbons.

Afrodisiac
"Afrodisiac" is studio album by R&B/pop singerdy, released bytic Records on June 28, 2004side North America on June 29, 2004  in Canada United States.

Boy (disambiguation)
A boy is a young male, usually human, may refer to a man regardless age.

Speaker for Dead
"Speaker for Dead"  is a science fiction book that is written by Orson Scott Card.

Xenocide
"Xenocide"  is a science fiction book that is in Ender's Game series.

Children Mind
"Children Mind"  is book Orson Scott Card's popular Ender's Game series, a series science fiction novels that focus on character Ender Wiggin.

Ender's Shadow
"Ender's Shadow"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Shadow Hegemon
"Shadow Hegemon"  is book in "Ender's Shadow" series  by Orson Scott Card.

Bernard Haitink
Bernard Haitink (b.

Shadow Puppets
"Shadow Puppets" , by Orson Scott Card, is sequel to "Shadow Hegemon" book in Ender's Shadow series .

Libération
"Libération"  is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris in 1973 by-Paul Sartre.

Justice
Justice can mainly mean either: a concern for genuine respect is fair equal.

Shadowt
"Shadowt"  is book in Orson Scott Card's Ender's Shadow series .

Metropolitanacle
Theacle is ae Reformed Baptist church int Castle in London.

The Icemark Chronicles
The Icemark Chronicles is a series books consisting "The Cry Icemark", followed by "Blade Fire", "Last Battle Icemark" .

Songmaster
"Songmaster"  is a science fiction book by Orson Scott Card.

College football
College football is football played by teams students from different universities, colleges, military academies.

Eye for Eye
"Eye for Eye"  is a science fiction novella  by Orson Scott Card.

Seventh Son (book)
"Seventh Son"  is an alternate history fantasy book written by Orson Scott Card.

Locus Award
The Locus Awardsre started in 1971 are given to winners "Locus Magazine's" yearly readers' poll.

Nebula Award
The Nebula Award is an award given each year by Science Fiction Fantasy Writers America , for science fiction/fantasy fiction written in United States.

Allergen
An allergen isthing that causes allergies in humans.

Kurt Masur
Kurt Masur (b.

Province Lecco
Lecco is a province in region Lombardy in italy.

Province Lodi
Lodi is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Province Mantua
Mantua ) is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

2008 earthquake
The 2008 earthquake , was a earthquake in China on May 12, 2008.

Alvin
"Alvin"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Province
Milan  is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Red Prophet
"Red Prophet"  is an alternate history/fantasy book by Orson Scott Card.

Province Pavia
Pavia is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Province Sondrio
Sondrio is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Province
Varese is a province in region Lombardy in Italy.

Prentice Alvin
"Prentice Alvin"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

George Winston
George Winston is a pianist from U.S.

Octane
Octane is an alkane .

William Herschel
Frederick William Herschel  was a astronomer.

Caiman
The is a subfamily Alligators.

Cluj County
Cluj is a county ia, inia.

Tangipahoa,a
Tangipahoa is a parish in U.S.

Quetzalcoatl
Quetzalcoatl  is an Aztec sky creator god.

Heartfire
"Heartfire"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Pattern matching
Pattern matching is a family tools for finding similar objects in different sources.

The Crystal City
"The Crystal City"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that is written by Orson Scott Card.

The Tales Alvin Maker
The Tales Alvin Maker is a series books that are written by Orson Scott Card that revolve around experiences a young mand Alvin Miller who finds that he powers for making changing things around him.

Atlanta Falcons
Theta Falcons are an football team inta, Georgia.

News Saints
The News Saints are a professional football team in News,a.

St. Louis Rams
The St.

Gary Lightbody
Gary Lightbody was born on June 15, 1976 ind.

Analog Science Fiction Fact
"Analog Science Fiction Fact" is an science fiction magazine.

Telnet
Telnet is a common network protocol used onet also inside a LAN .

Ofcom
Ofcom is United Kingdom's regulatory body for telecommunications.

Manuelda
Pedro Antonio Marín,  known by his pseudonym, Manuelda Vélez, nicknamed by his comrades "Tirofijo'" , apparently because a reputed ability to accurately aim firearms.

Jaidon River
The Jaidon River is a tributary Turia River inia.

Isidon River
The Isidon River is a tributary Jaidon River inia.

List riversia (Baba - Boroşoaia)
This is a list riversia, letter B .

David Livingstone
David Livingstone  was a medical missionary with London Missionary Society.

Stockwellage
Stockwellage was anphanage in Stockwell, London,d.

Alun River
The Alun River is a tributaryi River inia.

Aluna River
The Aluna River is a tributary Şuşiţa River inia.

Aluniş River (Bertea)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Bertea River inia.

Aluniş River (Braşov)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Canalul Timiş.

Aluniş River (Călata)
The Aluniş River  is a tributary Călata River.

Aluniş River (Homorod)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Homorodul Mic River inia.

Stufu River
The Stufu River is a tributary Aluniş River inia.

Cincinnati Cyclones
The Cincinnati Cyclones are a premier "AA" hockey team in ECHL league.

Timor
Timor is an island at south end Malay Archipelago, north Timor Sea.

Biggar, Southire
Biggar is a town in Southire,d.

Southire
Southire is a county in centrald.

Northire
Northire is a county in centrald.

Motherwell
Motherwell is ae town in Northire,d.

Stirling engine
A Stirling engine is a heat engine that converts heat into mechanical energy by movement a piston inside a cylinder within engine.

Wishaw
Wishaw is a town in Northire,d.

Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia - Ejército del Pueblo
FARC  is abbreviation Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia - Ejército del Pueblo.

Lanarkshire
Lanarkshire , also called County Lanark, a countyd.

Atoll
An atoll is a island.

Province Genoa
Genoa  is a province in region Liguria in Italy.

Province Imperia
Imperia is a province in region Liguria in Italy.

Province La Spezia
La Spezia is a province in region Liguria in Italy.

Province Savona
Savona is a province in region Liguria in Italy.

Evelyn Waugh
Evelyn Waugh ,  was an writer.

Dima
Dima  is a singer.

Thankerton
Thankerton is a village in Southire,d, close to Biggar Lanark.

Brideshead Revisited
"Brideshead Revisited, The Sacred &e Memories Captain Charles Ryder" is a novel by writer Evelyn Waugh.

Wilt Chamberlain
Wilton "Wilt" Chamberlain  was an basketball player.

Kirkfieldbank
Kirkfieldbank is a village in Southire,d.

Jacqueline du Pré
Jacqueline du Pré,  was an cellist.

New Lanark
New Lanark is a village in Southire,d.

Masterclass
A master class is aon given by a famous musician artist to a group students.

North Medwin River
North Medwyn is a river inire aread.

South Medwin River
The South Medwyn is a river inire aread.

List riversd
Flowing into North Sea.

Hamilton, Southire
Hamilton is a town in Southire,d.

Province Frosinone
Frosinone is a province in region Latium  in Italy.

Province Latina
Latina is a province in region Latium  in Italy.

Pintic River (Dipşa)
The Pintic River is a tributary Dipşa River inia.

Nechitu River
The Nechitu River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Boura River
The Boura River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Camenca River
The Camenca River Caminca River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Province Rieti
Rieti is a province in region Latium  in Italy.

Aluniş River (Uz)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Mogheruş River inia.

Province Rome
Rome  is a province in region Latium  in Italy.

Măgheruş River (Mureş)
The Măgheruş River Aluniş River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Aluniş River (Tecşe)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Nireş River inia.

Aluniş River (Valea Crişului)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Pârâul Mijlociu inia.

Aluniş River (Săcuieu)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Săcuieu River inia.

Aluniş River (Turia)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Valeaului River inia.

Valeaului River
The Valeaului River is a tributary Turia River inia.

Derren Brown
Derren Brown  is an magician, psychological illusionist, mentalist, painter.

Fall a Kingdom
"Fall a Kingdom" is book in Farsala Trilogy by author Hilari Bell.

Rise a Hero
"Rise a Hero" is a fantasy book that was written in 2005 by Hilari Bell.

Forging Sword
Forging Sword is a fantasy book that was written by Hilari Bell.

Farsala Trilogy
"The Farsala Trilogy" is a series three fantasy books that are written by Hilari Bell.

Watchtower
A Watchtower is a very high tower.

Hilari Bell
Hilari Bell  is an fantasy writer.

Aluniş River (Suceava)
The Aluniş River is a tributary Viţău River inia.

Argeş County
Argeş  is a county ia, in Wallachia.

Iminog River
The Iminog River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Sibiel River
The Sibiel River is a tributary Pârâul Negru inia.

Ardeiu River
The Ardeiu River is a tributary Sibiel River inia.

Dunga River
The Dunga River is a tributary Baraolt River inia.

Scaunu River
The Scaunu River Şerpatac River Spătac River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Sedloca River
The Sedloca River Sedloco River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cadu River
The Cadu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Racu River
The Racu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pustnic River
The Pustnic River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Fitod River
The Fitod River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cozmeni River
The Cozmeni River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Borviz River
The Borviz River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Talomir River
The Talomir River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Opat River
The Opat River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Oboga River
The Oboga River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Ucea River
The Ucea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Surdui River
The Surdui River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Top River
The Top River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Boia River
The Boia River is a tributary Olt River inia.

List rivers Bulgaria
Note: in, "reka" means "river".

Netot River
The Netot River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Berivoi River
The Berivoi River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Dridif River
The Dridif River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cibin River
Cibin  is a river in southernia inia.

Topolog River (Olt)
The Topolog River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Scundu River
The Scundu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Henry A. Wallace
Henry Agard Wallace  was Vice President United States .

Araci River
The Araci River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Debren River
The Debren River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cumulonimbus cloud
Cumulonimbus  is a type cloud that is tall, dense, involved in thunderstorms other intenseather.

Grotu River
The Grotu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Bora River
The Bora River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Coasta River
The Coasta River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Vertical draft
An updraft downdraft is vertical movement air asather causes two forces to move.

Calnic River
The Calnic River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Molecular cloud
A molecular cloud is a type interstellar cloud whose density size permitsation molecules, commonly molecular hydrogen .

Covasna County
Covasna  is a county ia, inia.

Phoenix (spacecraft)
Phoenix is a robotic spacecraft on a space exploration mission on Mars under Mars Scout Program.

Bacău County
Bacău  is a county ia, in Moldavia.

Bihor County
Bihor , in: "Bihar" , is a county ia, in Crişana.

Semi-presidential system
The semi-presidential system is a system government where both prime minister president run day-to-day affairs state.

Unitary state
A unitary state is a state whose threegans state are ruled constitutionally as unit, with central legislature.

Exploration Mars
The exploration Mars has been an important space exploration programs Soviet Union , United States, Europe,.

Dojo
A dojo  is a term which literally means "place Way".

Gorj County
Gorj  is a county ia, in Oltenia.

Dolj County
Dolj  is a county ia, in Oltenia.

Pârâul Negru (Cibin)
The Pârâul Negru River Sălişte River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Moldoveanu Peak
Moldoveanu Peak  is highest mountain inia, being located in Făgăraş Mountainss.

Făgăraş Mountains
Făgăraş Mountains are highest mountainss, inia.

Southerns
Thes , also called Alps, are a group mountainranges.

Vistea Mare
Viştea Mare is a mountainpeak in Făgăraş Mountainss Braşov county inia.

Victoria, Braşov
Victoria is a town instern Braşov County,ia, near Făgăraş Mountains.

Câmpulung
Câmpulung, Câmpulung Muscel, is a city in Argeş County,ia.

Saving
In common usage, saving generally means putting money aside, for example, by putting money in bank investing in a pension plan.

Time deposit
A time deposit  is a money deposit at a banking institution that cannot be withdrawn for a certain "term" period time.

Craiova
Craiova , city, is capital Dolj County.

Târgu Jiu
Târgu Jiu  is capital Gorj County, Oltenia,ia.

Exploring
Exploration is act searching traveling for purpose discovery, e.g.

Mineral exploration
Mineral exploration is process undertaken by companies,nerships corporations in endeavour findinge  to mine.

Prospecting
Prospecting is physical search for minerals, fossils, precious metals mineral specimens, is also known as fossicking.

Cycloalkane
Cycloalkanes are hydrocarbons.

Isomer
An isomer in chemistry is a chemical which has same molecularula as another, but who's 3D configuration in space is it's exact mirror-image, meaningy cannot be superposed, implying obligatorily breakage chemical bound,ation another.

Huitzilopochtli
In Aztec mythology, Huitzilopochtli, also spelled Uitzilopochtli, was a god war, a sun god, patron city.

Tezcatlipoca
Tezcatlipoca (was a central deity in Aztec mythology.

Tezcatlipoca (disambiguation)
Tezcatlipoca  was a central deity in Aztec religion.

Province Viterbo
Viterbo is a province in region Latium  in Italy.

North London
North London is northern London,d.

Province Gorizia
Gorizia is a province in region Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.

Tezcatlipoca (DC Comics)
Tezcatlipoca I is a fictional character who appeared in DC Comics' series Wonder is a god from Aztec mythology.

Province Trieste
The Province Trieste  is a province in autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region Italy.

Province Udine
The Province Udine (It.

Province Pordenone
The Province Pordenone  is a province in autonomous region Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.

Province Bologna
Bologna is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Ferrara
Ferrara is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Forlì-Cesena
Forlìa is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Modena
Modena is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Parma
Parma is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Piacenza
Piacenza is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Ravenna
Ravenna is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Crackme
A crackme (is a program a programmers reverse engineering skills.

Province Reggio Emilia
Reggio Emilia is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province Rimini
Rimini is a province in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Soldering
Soldering is a process in which two more metal items are joined together by melting flowing a filler metal into joint, filler metal having a relatively low melting point.

Corythosaurus
Corythosaurus is a genusnithopod was ae are plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur.

Loitering
Loitering is an intransitive verb meaning to stand around without doing anything.

Ornithopod
Ornithopods are a group bird-hipped dinosaurs that started as, bipedal running grazers, grew in size numbers untily became groups herbivores in Cretaceous world, dominated North landscape.

Millionaire
A millionaire  is an individual whose net worthalth has million dollars in stock market.

Sales
Sales are activities involved in selling products services in return for money other compensation.

Sell (professional wrestling)
In professional wrestling, sell is physical element making action look real to crowd.

Investing
An investment is a term with several closely-related meanings in business management, finance economics, deferring consumption.

Returns (economics)
Returns in economics political economy, are distributions payments suppliers factors production.

Mystery play
Mystery plays Miracle plays are among earliestally developed plays in medieval Europe.

Province Avellino
The Province Avellino  is a province inia region Italy.

Province Benevento
The Province Benevento  is a province inia region Italy.

Province Caserta
The Province Caserta  is a province inia region Italy.

Province Naples
The Province Naples  is a province inia region Italy.

Provinceo
The Provinceo  is a province inia region Italy.

Siegmund Nissel
Siegmund Nissel  was an-born violinist who played violin in famous Amadeus Quartet.

Dong
Dong   – 1 BC) was a Han Dynasty politician who quickly rose from obscurity as a minorficial to beingficial in imperial administration Emperor Ai within a span a few years.

Emperor Ai Han
Emperor Ai Han  was an emperor Han Dynasty.

Empress Fu (Ai)
Empress Fu,ally Empress Xiaoai, was an empress during Han Dynasty.

Empress Zhao
Empress Zhao (c.

Bypass (surgical)
In medicine, a bypass usually means making another route for blood to flow.

Max Rostal
Max Rostal  was a violinist who was a famous violin teacher.

Peter Schidlof
Peter Schidlof  was an [violist.

Provincezaro
Catanzaro is a province in region Calabria in Italy.

Province Cosenza
Cosenza is a province in region Calabria in Italy.

Province Crotone
Crotone is a province in region Calabria in Italy.

Province Reggio Calabria
Reggio Calabria is a province in region Calabria in Italy.

Province Vibo Valentia
Vibo Valentia is a province in region Calabria in Italy.

Province Matera
Matera is a province in region Basilicata in Italy.

Province Potenza
Potenza is a province in region Basilicata in Italy.

Amber Rives
Ambera Helena Rives , better known as Amber Rives, is an model/songwriter.

337
__NOTOC__ .

Font
In typography, a font fount is usually defined as a set all characters a single size a typeface.

Lectern
A lectern  is a reading desk with a slanted top.

Epistle
An epistle   is a writing sent to a person group people.

Anglo-Saxon architecture
Anglo-Saxon architecture was a period in history architecture inds Wales, from mid-5th century until Conquest 1066.

Norman architecture
The term architecture is stylesesque architecture made bys in land that was underir dominion influence in centuries.

English Gothic architecture
English Gothic is architectural style that was very popular ind from about 1180 until about 1520.

Salisbury Cathedral
Salisbury Cathedral is an cathedral located in Salisbury,ire,d.

Fan vault
A fan vault is a vault used in Perpendicular Gothic style.

Gert Fram
"Gert Fram" is a story that was written by Orson Scott Card in 1977.

Vezina Trophy
The Vezina Trophy is awarded every year to National Hockey League's goaltender who is chosen as goaltender.

The Memory Earth
"The Memory Earth"  is book Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.

The Call Earth
"The Call Earth"  is book in Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.

The Ships Earth
"The Ships Earth"  is book in Homecoming Saga.

Homecoming Saga
The Homecoming Saga is a science fiction series by Orson Scott Card.

Earthfall
"Earthfall"  is book Homecoming Saga.

Earthborn
"Earthborn"  is book Homecoming Saga.

Tor Books
Tor Books is an book publishing company.

King's College Chapel, Cambridge
King's College Chapel is chapel to King's College University Cambridge.

Christopher Wren
Sir Christopher Wren  was a century designer, astronomer geometer .

Coventry Cathedral
Coventry Cathedral, also known as St.

World
The World, world ocean, global ocean is a term all world's oceans as ocean.

Bering Strait
The Bering Strait  is a sea strait between Cape Dezhnev, Russia, easternmost point  continent Cape Prince Wales, Alaska,sternmost point  North continent, with latitude about 65° 40' north, slightly south Arctic Circle.

Monolophosaurus
Monolophosaurus was a medium-sized meat-eater from China that lived during Jurassic Period.

Hart's Hope
"Hart's Hope"  is a fantasy book that is written by Orson Scott Card.

Twillingate,d Labrador
Twillingate is a town that can be found on Twillingatedsf coastd.

Gander,d Labrador
Gander is a town about 9000 people located in central regiond, Canada.

Trireme
A Trireme is an ancient oar-driven warship powered by about 170 oars men.

Fabrosauridae
Fabrosauridae is a proposed family primitivenithischian dinosaurs from late Triassic Jurassic.

Aet Called Treason
"Aet Called Treason"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Saints (book)
"Saints"  is a historical fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Hot Sleep
"Hot Sleep: The Worthing Chronicle"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

The Worthing Chronicle
"The Worthing Chronicle"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Wyrms (book)
"Wyrms"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

2008 WWE Draft
The 2008 World Wrestling Entertainment  Draft will be yearly  Draft held by WWE.

Poplar Forest
The Poplar Forest is retreat home Thomas Jefferson, president United States America near Lynchburg, Virginia.

Interstate 8
Interstate 8 I-8 is an Interstate highway that runs from I-10 in vicinity Casade AZ all way to San Diego CA.

Regis Philbin
Regis Philbin is an television personality.

Bill Moggridge
William  Moggridge, a industrial designer, is co-founder Silicon Valley-based design firm IDEO.

Before I Self Destruct
"Before I Self Destruct" is 50 Cent's album.

Udanoceratops
Udanoceratops had a verye skull  with no nasal horn.

Antonioo
Antonioo  is a conductor pianistigin.

Boris Berezovsky (pianist)
Boris Berezovsky  is a famous pianist.

Balto
Balto is a Husky.

Colin Davis
Sir Colin Davis, (b.

Sea caves
Sea caves are a hollow chamber in a coastal cliff, made by pounding power crashing waves.

Valery Gergiev
Valery Abisalovich Gergiev  is a conductor opera company director birth.

Chris Rock
Chris Rock is an comedian.

Province Bari
Bari is a province in region Apulia in Italy.

Province Brindisi
Brindisi is a province in region Apulia in Italy.

Province Foggia
Foggia is a province in region Apulia in Italy.

Province Lecce
Lecce is a province in region Apulia in Italy.

Provinceto
Taranto is a province in region Apulia in Italy.

Province L'Aquila
L'Aquila is a province in region Abruzzo in Italy.

Province Chieti
Chieti is a province in region Abruzzo in Italy.

Province Teramo
Teramo is a province in region Abruzzo in Italy.

Province Pescara
Pescara is a province in region Abruzzo in Italy.

Carhaga River
The Carhaga River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gohan River
The River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Govora River
The Govora River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cincu River
The Cincu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Bozom River
The Bozom River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Province Perugia
Perugia is a province in region Umbria in Italy.

Bivolari River
The Bivolari River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Province Terni
Terni is a province in region Umbria in Italy.

Corlat River
The Corlat River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Teslui River
The Teslui River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Prundeni River
The Prundeni River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Felmer River
The Felmer River Şoarş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gaura River
The Gaura River is a headwater Şimon River inia.

Betel River
The Betel River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Techera River
The Techera River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Semeria River
The Semeria River Benedec River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gereb River
The Gereb River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Arcuş River
The Arcuş River  is a tributary Olt River.

Suhatul River
The Suhatul River Studina River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Spurgeon's
Spurgeon's  is a charity based ind with international projects in Mexico, Africa Europe.

Mastodon
Mastodons Mastodonts are elephants extinct genus "Mammut" family "Mammutidae".

Lost Boys (book)
"Lost Boys"  is horror book that was written by Orson Scott Card.

Isleham
Isleham is a village civil parish in countyire.

River Lark
The River Lark is a river ind.

New Park Street Chapel
The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark, London.

Exeter Hall
Exeter Hall was a hall on north side Thed, London,d.

William Jewell College
William Jewell College is a private, four-year liberal arts college.

Liberty, Missouri
Liberty is a city in Clay County, Missouri.

WWE Draft
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Draft Lottery, also known as World Wrestling Entertainment  Draft, is a device new brand competition to refreshen promotion's rosters.

Battle Iwo Jima
The Battle Iwo Jima was capture island Iwo Jima from during Pacific Campaign World War II.

Le Chatelier's principle
The Le Chatelier's principle is a principle used in chemistry.

Continental United States
Continental United States is a term that is United States America.

Bible Belt
The "Bible Belt" is term for a United States in which many people belive in conservativegelicaltism making it a dominant culture.

British people
British people, Britons, are people who live in Great Britain citizens United Kingdom, Isle Man,nelds, overseas territories.

Scissortail flycatcher
The Scissor-tailed Flycatcher  is a long-tailed bug-eating bird closely.

Eastern Redbud
"Cercis canadensis" L.

Black Mesa
Black Mesa is a mountain in Oklahoma.

Cassowary
The Cassowaries  are a groupe birds that are not able to fly.

Province Belluno
Belluno is a province in region Veneto in Italy.

Province Padua
Padua  is a province in region Veneto in Italy.

Province Rovigo
Rovigo is a province in region Rovigo in Italy.

Oded Fehr
Oded Fehr  is an Israeli film television actor.

Turda River
The Turda River Torda River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Uria River
The Uria River Pârâul Urii is a tributary Olt River inia.

Fericea River
The Fericea River is a tributary Uria River inia.

Rusciori River
The Rusciori River Ruşcior River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Hamba River
The Hamba River is a tributary Rusciori River inia.

Ciupari River
The Ciupari River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Puntea River
The Puntea River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Mancu River
The Mancu River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Miru River
The Miru River Valea Benghii River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Luncani River
Thei River Râulilor is a tributary Strei River inia.

Lola River
The Lola River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Borzont River
The Borzont River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Senetea River
The Senetea River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Pianu River
Theu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Ghenea River
The Ghenea River is a tributaryu River inia.

Valea Lei River
The Valea Lei River is a tributaryu River inia.

Tufa River
The Tufa River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Orzeni River
The Orzeni River Râul Bulgarilor is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Treznea River
The Treznea River is a tributary Agrij River inia.

Cascade
A cascade is a splashing waterfall that tumbles down a mountainside in a siries steps.

Deinonychosauria
The Deinonychosauria  is a claderopods in Late Jurassic Cretaceous periods.

Dromaeosauridae
Dromaeosauridae is a family bird-likeropod dinosaurs.

Province Treviso
Treviso is a province in region Veneto in Italy.

Province Venice
Venice  is a province in region Veneto in Italy.

Nicula River
The Nicula River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Stricatu River
The Stricatu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Bullfrog
The Bullfrog  is an aquatic frog.

Irritator
Irritator is a genusropod dinosaur that lived from Cretaceous period.

Kate Hudson
Kate Hudson  is an movie actress.

Province Verona
Verona is a province in region Veneto in Italy.

Province Vicenza
Vicenza is a province in region Veneto in Italy.

Petroleum product
Petroleum products are things made in oil refineries.

Vasilatu River
The Vasilatu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Ciortea River
The Ciortea River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Cheud River
The Cheud River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Baci River
The Baci River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Rus River
The Rus River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Balcaia River
The Balcaia River is a tributary Someş River inia Hungary.

Borjug River
The Borjug River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Olpret River
The Olpret River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Rebra River
The Rebra River is a tributary Someşul Mare River inia.

Satu River
The Satu River is a tributary Rebra River inia.

Dealu River
The Dealu River is a tributary Măcriş River inia.

Firiza River
The Firiza River is a tributary Săsar River inia.

Botin River
The Botin River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Seicini River
The Seicini River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Berdu River
The Berdu River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Thomas Spurgeon
Thomas Spurgeon  was a Reformed Baptist preacher.

Highea River
The Highea River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Pistruia River
The Pistruia River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Urluia River
The Urluia River is a tributary Danube River inia.

Chizdia River
The Chizdia River is a tributary Bega River inia.

Billings,a
Billings is a city in U.S.

Ciolt River
The Ciolt River is a tributary Chişindia River inia.

Bulba River
The Bulba River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Crainici River
The Crainici River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Cartiu River
The Cartiu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

West, Utah
West is a city in suburbs Salt Lake City.

Rafallo River
The Rafallo River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Jackie Robinson
Jack Roosevelt "Jackie" Robinson  was major league baseball player.

George Fox
George Fox  was people that left Churchd.

University
The University, Ann Arbor  is a public university in state.

List New York State Senators
The New York State Senate has 62 members each-year terms.

Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary
Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary  is sixficial seminaries Baptist Convention.

Chemical relaxer
A Chemical relaxer is hair by use chemicals to break hydrogen bond curly hair.

Mountain Brook, Alabama
Mountain Brook is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Trilobite
Trilobite  are extinct arthropod is in reference to three longitudinal lobes acrossir heads , consisting a slightly raised central lobe  two flatter pleural lobes on either side.

A Wizard Earthsea
"A Wizard Earthsea", written in 1968, is a series books that are written by Ursula K.

The Tombs
"The Tombs" is a series books that are written by Ursula K.

The Farthest Shore
"The Farthest Shore" is in a series books that are written by Ursula K.

Tehanu
"Tehanu" was Ursula K.

Tales from Earthsea
"Tales from Earthsea", by Ursula K.

Canadian Arctic Archipelago
The Arctic Archipelago, also known as just Arctic Archipelago, is an archipelago north mainland in Arctic.

Victoriad (Canada)
Victoriad is an island in Arctic Archipelago border between Nunavut Northwest Territories runs through island.

Oswald Chambers
Oswald Chambers  was a famous early centuryt minister teacher.

John F. MacArthur
John F.

Jerry Falwell
Jerry Lamon Falwell, Sr.

Martiniano Ferreira Botelho
In early century, leading figure in area was native-born "Martiniano José Ferreira Botelho , a doctor, druggist politician, known from his residence as "Lord House County".

Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV series)
"Battlestar Galactica" is an Emmy Award-winning science fiction television series created by Ronald D.

Ellesmered
Ellesmered is Qikiqtaaluk Region territory Nunavut.

Banksd
Banksd  is members Arctic Archipelago.

Devond
Devond is members Arctic Archipelago.

Axel Heibergd
Axel Heibergd is island in world Canada's island.

Green Bay, Wisconsin
Green Bay is a city in U.S.

Ballista
The ballista  was artilleryapons used by Ancient Greeks.

Antioch, California
Antioch is a city in U.S.

Daly City, California
Daly City is a city in U.S.

Portsmouth, Virginia
Portsmouth is a city in U.S.

Banana bread
Banana bread is a sweet bread made with bananas.

Sweet bread
Sweet bread is bread that is made with amounts sugar than regular bread, is similar to cake It can be made with yeast with baking soda, istimes eaten as a dessert.

Saurophaganax
Saurophaganax  is a genusropod dinosaur.

Tismana River
Thea River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Gurnia River
The Gurnia River is a tributarya River inia.

Sauroposeidon
Sauroposeidon  is a genus sauropod dinosaur, was recently found in Oklahoma.

Furnia River
The Furnia River is a tributarya River inia.

Icazna River
The Icazna River is a tributarya River inia.

Orlea River
The Orlea River is a tributarya River inia.

Pocruia River
The Pocruia River is a tributary Orlea River inia.

Scaiu River
The Scaiu River is a tributaryi River inia.

Bulac River
The Bulac River is a tributaryi River inia.

Power cut
A power cut,times called a powerage blackout, is a word for when power does not work in an area.

Shadow Mosesd
Shadow Mosesd is an area in Metal Gear Solid a battlefield in Super Bros.

Bobaia River
The Bobaia River is a tributaryi River inia.

Mierul River
The Mierul River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Dobrun River
The Dobrun River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Rudari River
The Rudari River Rudaru River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Tunari River
The Tunari River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Hoteagu River
The Hoteagu River Oiţeagu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Gateru River
The Gateru River is a tributary Hoteagu River inia.

Sita River
The Sita River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Tim LaHaye
Timothy F.

Lisa River
The Lisa River is a tributary Sâmbăta River inia.

Purcelu River
The Purcelu River  is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Elan River
The River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Cisla River
The Cisla River is a tributary River inia.

Zeicu River
The Zeicu River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Jitin River
The Jitin River is a tributary Caraş River inia.

Adrian Rogers
Adrian Pierce Rogers, Th.D.

Gladna River
The Gladna River is a tributary Bega River inia.

Rozalia River
The Rozalia River is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Verdea River
The Verdea River is a tributary Săraz River inia.

Charles Colson
Charles  Wendell Colson  was chief counsel for President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973.

Charlesley (evangelist)
Charles Frazierley  is pastor megachurch, First Baptist Churchta inta, Georgia.

Espaillat Province
Espaillat is a province, located in Cibao region, in central country.

Reggie White
Reginald Howard "Reggie" White  was a football who is now in Pro Football Hall Fame.

Charley Patton
Charlie Patton   was an Delta blues musician.

Ammonite
Ammonite are molluscs perhaps widely known fossil, possessing typically ribbed spiral-form shell as pictured above.

Drop
A drop is a bit liquid, such as water, which is held together by surface tension.

Brindle
Brindle is a fur coloring in animals.

Interactive Fiction
Which would make main character pick up a lamp.

Football League First Division
The Football League First Division was old for Football Leagueip.

Fata River
The Fata River is a tributary Frumoasa River inia.

Frumoasa River (Olt)
The Frumoasa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Balşa River
The Balşa River is a tributary Almăşel River inia.

Techereu River
The Techereu River is a tributary Balşa River inia.

Sitna River
The Sitna River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Gornet River
The Gornet River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Cozancea River
Thecea River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Urechioiu River
The Urechioiu River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Burduja River
The Burduja River is a tributary Urechioiu River inia.

Bejan River
The River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Halia River
The Halia River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Benia River
The Benia River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Timoi River
The Timoi River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Suha River
The Suha River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Pitrosul River
The Pitrosul River Pietrosul River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Erie,ia
Erie is a city in U.S.

Sodomeni River
The Sodomeni River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Plopu River
The Plopu River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Bezerc River
The Bezerc River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Buhai River
The Râul Buhai is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Richmond, California
Richmond is city in U.S.

Gemenea River
The Gemenea River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Hogea River
The Hogea River is a tributary Gemenea River inia.

Umbrari River
The Umbrari River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Sadova River
The Sadova River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Rodbav River
The Rodbav River is a tributary Cincu River inia.

Tur River
The Tur River  is a tributary Tisza River.

Racta River
The Racta River is a tributary Tur River inia.

Ampoi River
The Ampoi River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Bebu River
The Bebu River is a tributary Ampoi River inia.

Indiana Jones Last Crusade
"Indiana Jones Last Crusade" is a 1989 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas starring Harrison Ford in title role.

Ruzina River
The Ruzina River is a tributary Ampoi River inia.

Porumbele River
The Porumbele River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Porumbacu River
The Porumbacu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Racşa River
The Racşa River is a tributary Talna River inia.

Brada River
The Brada River is a tributary Talna River inia.

Zacla River
The Zacla River is a tributary Bistriţa Aurie River inia.

Coşna River
The Coşna River Bancu River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Dorna River (Bistriţa)
The Dorna River is a tributary Bistriţa River, inia.

Doceni River
The Doceni River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Gârbovul River
The Gârvovul River is a tributary Jiul de Vest River inia.

Bold River
The Bold River is a tributary Lake Balta Albă  inia.

Jaleş River
The Jaleş River Sohodol River is a tributarya River inia.

Jerry Rice
Jerry Lee Rice  is a football wide receiver in NFL.

Barry Sanders
Barry David Sanders  is a Hall Fame Trophy winning football running back.

William McGonagall
William McGonagall  was a poet.

Gallimimus
Gallimimus  was a fast-running dinosaur with a very long, thin, flattened, toothless, horny beak, a head, a relativelye brain, are lived in late Cretaceos period, about 75-70 million years ago.

Dromiceiomimus
Dromiceiomimus was a bipedal dinosaur from late Cretaceous period, about 80 to 65 million years ago.

Jefferson County, Alabama
Jefferson County is a county in U.S.

The Other Wind
"The Other Wind" is last a series books that are written by Ursula K.

The Lathe Heaven
"The Lathe Heaven" is a 1971 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

The Eye Heron
"The Eye Heron" is a 1978 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Malafrena
"Malafrena" is a book that was written in 1979 by Ursula K.

Jesse James
Jesse Woodson James  was anlaw.

Jesse James (disambiguation)
Jesse James  was anlaw.

Pensacola College
Pensacola College  is an unaccredited, fundamentalist, Independent Baptist college in Pensacola, Florida.

Moody Bible Institute
Moody Bible Institute  is an institute located in Chicago on Near North Side.

Florence Foster Jenkins
Florence Foster Jenkins  was an soprano who became famous because she was such a bad singer.

William Bligh
William Bligh  was anficer in Navy.

AppleScript
AppleScript is a way for people to write commands actions onir Apple platform.

Pachacuti
Pachacuti Incaqui  Kingdom Cuzco, which he empire,tinsuyu.

IMac
The iMac is an all-in-one personal computer that was released in 1998.

Melbourne Airport
Melbourne Airport is busiest airport in Australia.

Craigslist
Craigslist is a centralized network online communities for free classified advertisements  forums on various topics.

Discounts allowances
Discounts allowances are reductions to a basic prices services.

Classified advertising
Classified advertising is a advertising which isicularly common in newspapers, online other periodicals, e.g.

Huascar
Inti Cusi Huallpa Huáscar  was emperor Inca empire from 1527 to 1532 AD, He succeeded his father Huayna Capac brother Cuyochi.

Fieru River (Olt)
The Fieru is a river in county Harghita inia.

Fagu Oltului River
The Fagu Oltului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Fântâna lui Gal River
The Fântâna lui Gal River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Sila River
The Sila River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Prigor River
The Prigor River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Nergana River
Thea River is a headwater Nera River inia.

Beg River
The Beg River is a tributarya River inia.

Aluza River
The Aluza River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Amara River
The Amara River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

Jijioara River
The Jijioara River Gârla Morii is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Catargiu River
The Catargiu River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

Stroe River
The Stroe River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Hugiu River
The Hugiu River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Nechizel River
The Nechizel River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Borchizu River
The Borchizu River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Groapa Mare River
The Groapa Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

CLAAS Jaguar
The CLAAS Jaguar is a silage harvester made by CLAAS.

Valea Fratelui River
The Valea Fratelui River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cepturaru River
The Cepturaru River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Botohan River
The River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Ghepiu River
The Ghepiu River is a tributary Vadăş River inia.

Gaia River
The Gaia River is a tributary Someşul Mare River inia.

Gagu River
The Gagu River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Fetei River
The Valea Fetei River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Straja River
The Straja River is a headwater Şuşiţa River.

Cartianu River
Theu River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Cracu River (Straja)
The Cracu River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Valea Mare River (Balomir)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Sasul River (Jiu)
The Sasul River is a tributary Izvorul River inia.

Izvorul River (Jiu)
The Izvorul River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Largul River
The Largul River is a tributary Izvorul River inia.

Unfree labour
Unfree labour is whenone is being told to dothing without pay.

Thomas Becket
Thomas Becket was an priest who was assassinated by four knights in Canterbury Cathedral in 1170.

Rafnic River
The Rafnic River is a tributary Gelug River inia.

Gelug River
The Gelug River Lupac River is a tributary Caraş River inia.

Karaš River
The Karaš  Caraş  is a 110 km long river in Banat area Serbiaia, it is a left tributary Danube.

Vicinic River
The Vicinic River is a tributary Caraş River.

Nermed River
The Nermed River is a tributary Gelug River inia.

Jupalnic River
The Jupalnic River is a tributary Gelug River inia.

Vodnic River
The Vodnic River is a tributary Gelug River inia.

Suciu River
The Suciu River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

Lăpuş River
The Lăpuş River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Botizu River
The Botizu River Valea Poienii River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

Roata River
The Roata River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

Rohia River
The Rohia River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

Grumba River
The Grumba River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

The Fortress Solitude
The Fortress Solitude is's base.

Sea-Monkeys
Sea-Monkeys are a shrimp that lives in salt water.

Thunder Bay, Ontario
Thunder Bay is populous city in Ontario.

Macroom
Macroom is a town in County Cork,d.

Pecorino cheese
Pecorino cheese  is for a fews cheeses made sheep milk.

Habic River
The Habic River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Martin Brodeur
Martin Pierre Brodeur  is a professional ice hockey goaltender who has played his entire National Hockey League career with New Jersey Devils.

Hagiul River
The Hagiul River is a tributary Neagra Şarului River inia.

Hagota River
The Hagota River is a tributary Figheş River inia.

Figheş River
The Figheş River is a tributary Putna Întunecoasă River inia.

Halmer River
The Halmer River is a tributary Hârtibaciu River inia.

Halinga River
The Halinga River is a tributary Sebeş River inia.

Miikka Kiprusoff
Miikka Sakari Kiprusoff   is a professional hockey goaltender playing for Calgary Flames in National Hockey League .

Haju River
The Haju River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Hetin River
The Hetin River is a tributary Beregsău River inia.

Evgeni Nabokov
Evgeni Viktorovich Nabokov  , is a professional ice hockey goaltender for San Jose Sharks National Hockey League.

Henrik Lundqvist
Henrik Lundqvist  is a ice hockey goaltender for New York Rangers National Hockey League .

Danube Delta
The Danube Delta  is delta in Europe.

Wallachia
Wallachia  is a historical areaia.

Romanian War Independence
The War Independence was battled in 1877.

Romanian Revolution 1989
The Revolution 1989 was aek-long series violent riots fighting in late December 1989.

List NHL General Managers
This is a list general managers in National Hockey League.

Ilba River
The Ilba River Handal River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Firizan River
The River is a tributary Ilba River inia.

Ardeleana River
Thea River is a headwater Ilba River inia.

Faier River
The Faier River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Feernic River
Theic River Râul Alb is a tributary Târnava Mare River, inia.

Gada River
The Gada River is a tributaryic River inia.

Salon River
The Salon River is a tributaryic River inia.

Untu River
The Untu River is a tributary Boşorogu River inia.

Uila River
The Uila River is a tributary Luţ River inia.

Luţ River
The Luţ River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Popeni River
The Popeni River Ursoaia River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Lotrioara River
The Lotrioara River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Mohan River
The River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Dominik Hašek
Dominik Hašek,  is a professional ice hockey goaltender for Detroit Red Wings National Hockey League.

Televangelism
Televangelism is use television to speak faith.

Bernie Parent
Bernard Marcel Parent , better known as Bernie Parent, is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Tony Esposito
Anthony James "Tony O" Esposito (born April 23, 1943 in Sault Ste.

1973-74 NHL season
=Final standings=.

Billy Sunday
William Ashley Sunday  was an athlete religious person.

2007-08 NHL season
=Final standings=.

John Newton
John Henry Newton, Jr.

The Beginning Place
"The Beginning Place" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Gruiu Scurt River
The Gruiu Scurt River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Ursula K. Le Guin
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin   is an writer.

Protur River
The Protur River is a tributary Agapia River inia.

Cacova River (Prahova)
The Cacova River is a tributary Prahova River Protur River inia.

Corbul Ucei River
The Corbul Ucei River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Surdu River
The Surdu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Râul Mare (Cibin)
The Râul Mare is a headwater Cibin River inia.

Nedeiu River
The Nedeiu River is a tributary Sebeş River inia.

Sebeş River (Alba)
The Sebeş River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Prigoana River
Thea River is a tributary Sebeş River inia.

Bahluieţ River
The Bahluieţ River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Cucuteni River
The Cucuteni River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Ordea River
The Ordea River is a tributary Cucuteni River inia.

Toleasa River
The Toleasa River is a tributary Cucuteni River inia.

Aron River (Hăşdate)
The Aron River is a tributary Hăşdate River inia.

Arsa River
The Arsa River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Asod River
The Asod River is a tributary Bistricioara River inia.

Beltic River
The Beltic River is a tributary Asod River inia.

Şuşiţa River (Siret)
The Şuşiţa River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Chiua River
The Chiua River is a tributary Şuşiţa River inia.

Tărlung River
The Tărlung River is a tributary Râul Negru inia.

Telciu River
The Telciu River is a tributary Zagon River inia.

Jan van Eyck
Jan van Eycknes de Eyck  (before c.

Zagon River
The Zagon River is a tributary Covasna River inia.

Scânteia River
The Scânteia River Mitoc River Nacu River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Dalnic River
The Dalnic River is a tributary Râul Negru inia.

Râul Negru
The Râul Negru  is a tributary Olt River inia.

Uiloc River
The Uiloc River Valea Mică River is a tributary Aita River inia.

Jemenc River
The Jemenc River is a tributary Aita River inia.

Cenek River
The Cenek River is a tributary Aita River inia.

Săsar River
The Săsar River is a tributary Lăpuş River inia.

Awana
Awana , is an international evangelical non-profitganization.

Dwight L. Moody
Dwight  Moody  was an evangelist publisher.

Fletcher
Fletcher  was an seaman on "HMS Bounty" when it to collect breadfruit trees in 1787.

Ichthyosaur
Ichthyosaur are member an extinct group aquatic reptiles, whichre very similar to porpoises in appearance habits.

Ichthyopterygia
Ichthyopterygia  was a designation introduced by Sir Richard Owen in 1840 to designate Jurassic Ichthyosaurs thatre known at time, but term is now used moreten for both true Ichthyosauriair more primitive early middle Triassic ancestors (Motani 1997,i et al.

Ichthyosaurus
Ichthyosaurus was an ichthyosaur, a marine reptile; it was not a dinosaur.

Anachii River
The Anachii River is a tributary Crişul Repede River inia.

Andronic River
The Andronic River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Androchiel River
The Androchiel River Androchel River is a tributary Hârtibaciu River inia.

Antaloc River
The Antaloc River  is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Apatiu River
The Apatiu River is a tributary Meleş River inia.

Beudiu River
The Beudiu River is a tributary Apatiu River inia.

Apele Albe River
The Apele Albe River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Apele Vii River
The Apele Vii River is a tributary Valea Rea River inia.

Apold River
The Apold River  is a tributary Secaş River inia.

Stenopterygius
Stenopterygius was a typical, dolphin-shaped ichthyosaur  early Jurassic period.

Rod River
The Rod River is a tributary Apold River inia.

Aporliget River
The Aporliget River is a tributary Crasna River.

Horea River
The Horea River is a tributary Aporliget River.

Temnodontosaurus
Temnodontosaurus was an ichthyosaur from early Jurassic 196 190 million years ago, found in Europe  which grew to about 9 meters  in length.

Californosaurus
Californosaurus  was an ichthyosaur, an extinct water-dwelling reptile that lived during time dinosaurs.

Cymbospondylus
Cymbospondylus was ae but very primitive Triassic ichthyosaur, with a long eel-like body up to 10 meters more in length.

Mixosaurus
Mixosaurus was a, common cosmopolitan Triassic ichthyosaur.

Ophthalmosaurus
Ophthalmosaurus was an ichthyosaur Late Jurassic period ,d for its extremelye eyes.

Valve
A valve is a device that helps with flow materials .

Valve (disambiguation)
A valve is a device that regulates flow fluids.

Sports entertainment
Sports entertainment is a type spectacle which presents an apparently competitive event using a high levelatrical presentation, with purpose entertaining an audience.

Chirivoaia River
The Chirivoaia River Apostol River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Miletin River
The Miletin River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Oneaga River
The Oneaga River Oneguţa River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Robu River
The Robu River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Arada River
The Arada River is a tributary Albac River inia.

Arama River (Bistriţa)
The Arama River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Philip Carteret
Philip Carteret  was anficer in Royal Navy.

Judeo-Aramaic
Judeo-Aramaic was a language spoken by many Jews atSecond Temple Period  a few centuries after.It was probably mother tongue Jesus.It's an Aramaic dialect .

Boris Berezovsky
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky , is a business man, billionaire mathematician.

Alunul Mare River
The Alunul Mare Valea Seacă River is a tributary Someşul Cald River inia.

Alunul Mic River
The Alunul Mic is a tributary Someşul Cald River inia.

Apa Lazului River
The Apa Lazului River is a tributary Şerel River inia.

Aranca River
Theca River ,: "Aranka") is a 117 kilometer long river in bothia Serbia.

Archita River
The Archita River  is a tributary Târnava Mare River inia.

Leptictidium
Leptictidium  was a genus prehistoric eutherian from Eocene period.

Archiud River
The Archiud River is a tributary Dipşa River inia.

Ardan River
The River is a tributary Şieu River inia.

Ficuri River
The Ficuri River is a tributary Bărbat River inia.

Fiezel River
The Fiezel River is a tributary Sălăuţa River inia.

Holbav River
The Holbav River is a tributary Şercaia River inia.

Holboca River
The Holboca River is a tributary Neajlov River inia.

Oceanic dolphin
Oceanic dolphins are members Delphinidae family,der Cetacea.

Horatio Spafford
Horatio Gates Spafford  is author hymn "It Is Well with My Soul".

Cyber high schools
Cyber high school is term going to high school online on internet.

Always Coming Home
"Always Coming Home" is a book that was written by Ursula K.

Hainish Cycle
The Cycle is setting for a few science fiction books stories thatre written by Ursula K.

Fanny Crosby
Frances Jane Crosby   was an musician who wrotet hymns.

Holdun River
The Holdun River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Lipari River
The Lipari River Liparia River is a tributary Mociur River inia.

Mociur River
The Mociur River is a tributary Bega River inia.

Melvilled (Canada)
Melvilled is a member Arctic Archipelago, Canada with an area.

Southamptond
Southamptond is members Arctic Archipelago.

Prince Walesd (Nunavut)
Prince Walesd members Arctic Archipelago.

Somersetd
Somersetd is a member Arctic Archipelago.

Provincesd
The Provincesd are a divisiond.

Mission statement
A mission statement tells purpose a companyganization.

Philip Bliss
Philip Paul Bliss  was an writer hymns.

List countries inder geographical area
Note: Somese countries are considered Asia asll.

Graphical projection
A graphical projection is a protocol by which an image a three-dimensional object is projected onto a planar surface without help math.

William Wilberforce
William Wilberforce was a man who abhorrent business slavery in USA William Wilberforce  was a politician philanthropist.

Flagia
The flagia is a vertical tricolour blue, yellow, red.

Coat armsia
The Coat armsia is coat arms that has been adopted by Parliament on 10 September, 1992.

Sighişoara
Sighişoara is a city municipality in Mureş County,ia.

Bacea River
The Bacea River is a tributary Câinele River inia.

Bacta River
The Bacta River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Badu River
The Badu River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Bohotin River
The Bohotin River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Bai River
The Bai River is a tributary Şuţa River inia.

Balaj River
The Balaj River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Cianod River
Theod River is a tributary Lăzarea River inia.

Cib River
The Cib River is a tributary Ardeu River inia.

Ardeu River
The Ardeu River is a tributary Geoagiu River inia.

Athens
Athens is capital city Greece.

Horait River
The Horait River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Hordou River
The Hordou River is a tributary Sălăuţa River inia.

Hotari River
The Hotari River is a tributary Soloneţ River inia.

Quechuas
Quechuas is term ethnic groups in¨South America that use a Quechua language .

Members Church Godational
The Members Church Godational is a group members a christian denomintaion with headquarters in Philippines.

Viceroyalty Perú
The Viceroyalty Peru  was a colonial administrative district that was created in 1542iginally contained-ruled South America.

Vilcabamba, Peru
Vilcabamba was founded by Manco Inca in 1539 was last city Inca Empire until it fell toiards in 1572.

Vere Gordon Childe
Vere Gordon Childe  (April 14, 1892, Sydney, New South Wales–October 19, 1957, Mt.

Eric
Eric  is an actor, playwright, monologist, novelist.

Jōmon period
The is time in prehistory from about 14,000 BC to 400 BC.

Hominid
A hominid is any member biological family Hominidae .

Treaty Berlin (1878)
The Treaty Berlin was a Congress Berlin .

Accessionia to Union
The Accessionia to Union happened on January 1, 2007.

National Bankia
The National Bankia  is central bankia started in April 1880.

Treaty Berlin (1742)
The Treaty Berlin was signed on July 28, 1742 between archduchess Maria Theresa Frederick II Prussia.

Treaty Berlin (1889)
The Treaty Berlin was signed on June 14, 1889 between United States, Empire, Empire.

Treaty Berlin (1899)
The Treaty Berlin was signed on 14 November, 1899 between United States,y,.

Treaty Berlin (1921)
The Treaty Berlin  was between United Statesy.

Treaty Berlin (1926)
The Treaty Berlin was betweeny Soviet Union.

Nome, Alaska
Nome is a city that can be found on southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound Bering Sea.

Miaphysitism
Miaphysitism  is an idea about nature Christ.

Monophysitism
Monophysitism is an idea about nature Jesus Christ.

Christology
Christology is a field studyology.

Nestorius
Nestorius  wasoptinople from 10 April 428 to 22 June 431.

List cities in Italy
A list cities in Italy.

Night Long Knives
The Night Long Knives  "Operation Hummingbird" , was a purge that took place in Naziy between June 30 July 2 1934, when Nazi regime executed at least 90 people for political reasons.

Once Upon a Dime
"Once Upon a time" is episodes Ducktales's episodes.

Status Seeker (DuckTales)
Status Seeker is an episode Ducktales's series.

Back to Klondike
"Back to Klondike" is an Ducktales's episode.

Bistriţa-Năsăud County
Bistriţa-Năsăud  is a county ia, inia.

Botoşani County
Botoşani  is a county ia, in Moldavia.

Perito Moreno Glacier
The Perito Moreno Glacier  is a glacier in southst Santa Cruz province, Argentina.

Braşov County
Braşov ;: "Brassó") is a county ia, inia.

Super DuckTales
"Super Ducktales" is an Ducktales's episode.

Uhland, Texas
Uhland is a city in Caldwell Hays counties in U.S.

Catania
Catania is a city in region Sicily in Italy.

Messina
Messina is a city in region Sicily.

Skara Brae
Skara Brae  is ae stone-built Neolithic settlement on Bay Skaill onst coast mainland Orkney,d.

Skara Brae (disambiguation)
Skara Brae is a Neolithic settlement onst coast mainland Orkney,d.

José Theodore
José Nicholas Théodore  is a professional ice hockey goaltender.

Georges Vézina
Georges Vézina , nicknamed "The Chicoutimi Cucumber"  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played five seasons in National Hockey League seven in National Hockey Association for Montreal Canadiens.

1980-81 NHL season
=Final standings=.

List NHL seasons
NHA.

Sokker
Sokker is a browser-based online football manager hattrick managerzone.

2006-07 NHL season
=Final standings=.

Lipova River
The Lipova River is a tributary Tutova River inia.

Lozova River
The Lozova River is a tributary Gerului River inia.

Lovnic River
The Lovnic River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Walrus
A walrus is a marine mammal, only species family Odobenidae, which is three pinniped families.

Hattrick (computer game)
Hattrick is an online football manager game created by Björn Holmér.

Torres Strait
Torres Strait is narrow sea that separates Australia ,and New Guinea.

Hat-trick
A hat-trick, hat trick hattrick in sports means thatthing is done 3 times.

Capeck, Victoria
Capeck is south end Mornington Peninsula, Victoria, Australia.

Simpson Desert
The Simpson Desert is a very dry Australia.

Yves Saint Laurent
Yves Henri Donat Mathieu Saint Laurent  was a French fashion designer.

Cubic kilometre
A kilometre is a measurement that is equivalent to 1000 metres, 100000 centimetres.

Meeting
A meeting is a group people who come together at place to discussthing, makething, play games together.

Ardeleni River
The Ardeleni River Valea Ardelenilor River is a tributary Apa Mare River inia.

Arduzel River
The Arduzel River  is a tributary Someş River inia.

Arefu River
The Arefu River is a tributary Argeş River inia.

Argel River
The Argel River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Moldoviţa River
The Moldoviţa River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Dubul River
The Dubul River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Isachea River
The Isachea River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Beltag River
The Beltag River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Putna River (Moldova)
The Putna River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

African Buffalo
The Buffalo  is a bovine .

Philosophy language
Philosophy language is study how languagesre created are used.

John Edward Gray
John Edward Gray  was a zoologist.

Brăila County
Brăila  is a county ia, in Muntenia.

Buzău County
Buzău  is a county ia, in area Muntenia.

The Dispossessed
"The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia" is a 1974 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Lucava River
The Lucava River Lucova River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Orata River
The Orata River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Ciumuca River
The Ciumuca River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Colacu River
The Colacu River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Tumurel River
The Tumurel River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Tetila River
The Tetila River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Cioiana River
Thea River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Lumedia River
The Lumedia River is a tributarya River inia.

Polocin River
The Polocin River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Perchiu River
The Perchiu River is a tributary Polocin River inia.

The Word for World Is Forest
"The Word for World Is Forest" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Bozieni River
The Bozieni River is a tributary Bârlad River inia.

Caraula River
The Caraula River is a tributary Suceava River.

Laura River
The Laura River Sicova River is a tributary Suceava River.

Mitocu River
The Mitocu River Mitoc River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Rocannon's World
"Rocannon's World" was Ursula K.

Procrastination
Procrastination is behavior puttingf actions tasks at a later timelater time.

NightRider
The Nightrider bus service is a late-night bus service that runs in Melbourne, Victoria.

Government Victoria
Thement Victoria is main govermnent Victoria.

Planet Exile
"Planet Exile" is a 1966 science-fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

City Illusions
"City Illusions" is a 1967 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Howard Finkel
Howard Finkel  is a professional wrestling ring announcer.

WALL-E
"Wall-E" is an animated movie that was created by Pixar Disney.

Live-action
In movie video, live-action is a work that is acted by human actors, instead animating works, as in animated version E.

John Hagee
John Charles Hagee  is founder senior pastor Cornerstone Church in San Antonio, Texas, a church with more than 19,000 members.

Protectorate
A protectorate is a country, a country, maybe a tribe people in area, that is ruled by another, stronger country based on an agreement between protectorate strong country.

Hybrid
A hybrid is a mixture several things, usually two differents things.

Charles Sturt
Charles Sturt  was an explorer Australia including Murray River Murrumbidgee River.

Salcea River
The Salcea River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Nisipitu River
The Nisipitu River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Tinosu River
The Tinosu River is a tributary Nisipitu River inia.

Brodina River
The Brodina River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Ascunsu River
The Ascunsu River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Vicov River
The Vicov River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Remezeu River
The Remezeu River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Caliuha River
The Caliuha River is a tributary Remezeu River inia.

Voitinel River
The Voitinel River Pietroasa River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Pozen River
The Pozen River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Horodnic River
The Horodnic River is a tributary Pozen River inia.

Solca River
The Solca River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Clit River
The Clit River is a tributary Solca River inia.

Saca River
The Saca River is a tributary Clit River inia.

Crevec River
The Crevec River is a tributary Solca River inia.

Ciurlac River
The Ciurlac River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Pietroaia River
The Pietroaia River Petroaia Riverca River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Orbeni River
The Orbeni River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Vorona River
The Vorona River is a tributary Siret River inia.

List cities in Mexico
A list cities in Mexico with a population over 100,000.

Taranto
Taranto is a city in region Apulia.

Parma
Parma is a city in region Emilia-Romagna.

Olbia
Olbia  is a city in region Sardinia.

Civitavecchia
Civitavecchia is a city in region Lazio, Italy.

Agrigento
Agrigento  is a city in region Sicily in southern Italy.

Reggio Emilia
Reggio Emilia is a city in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Two Chips a Miss
Two Chips a Miss is an episode in Chip 'n Dale series.

The Jungle Book
"The Jungle Book"  is a collection stories written by Rudyard Kipling.

WrestleMania 21
WrestleMania 21 was twenty-first yearlyia professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Tangor
The tangor is a citrus fruit.

Imperial lemon
The Imperial lemon is a lemon grapefruit hybrid.

Bloodange
The bloodange is a varietyange  with crimson, blood-colored skin.

Cagliari
Cagliari  is a city in region Sardinia in Italy.

Foggia
Foggia is a city in region Apulia, Italy.

Rimini
Rimini is a city in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Syracuse, Italy
Syracuse  is a city in region Sicily in Italy.

Into Blue (movie)
"Into Blue" is an movie made in 2005.

Autofocus
Autofocus is a procedure for finding correct position lens for a scene.

Shiba Inu
The Shiba Inu is a breed dog from.

Status Seeker
Status Seeker is a song by progressive metal band Dream Theater.

Military alliance
A military alliance is an alliance made with express purpose military matters.

Jugiong, New South Wales
Jugiong is a village on bank Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales, Australia.

Egerton Gospel
The Egerton Gospel is a set papyri that are now in Museum.

Gospel Thomas
The Gospel Thomas  is a text written during era New Testament.

Rubik's Cube
A Rubik's Cube is a puzzle cube invented by sculptor architect Ernő Rubik in 1974.

Flag Sierra Leone
The flag Sierra Leone was created in 1961.

Flagd
The Flagd is a white X-shaped cross, which represents cross patron saintd, Saint Andrew on a blue field.

Scanning tunneling microscope
Scanning tunneling microscopy  is a technique for viewing surfaces at atomic level.

Energy level
A quantum mechanical system can only be in certain states, so that only certain energy levels are possible.

Atomic nucleus
The nucleus an atom is very dense region an atom, in its center consisting nucleons .

Governor Florida
The head government state Florida is calledor Florida.

Fred McDowell
Fred McDowell   was a Delta blues singer guitar player.

Taurus mountains
Taurus Mountains  are a mountain range in Turkey, from which Euphrates  Tigris  descend into Syria Iraq.

Montes Taurus
Montes Taurus is a mountainous region on Moon.

Sassari
Sassari is a city in region Sardinia in Italy.

Bull Hill
Bull Hill,times called Mount Taurus, is a mountain in U.S.

Forlì
Forlì is a city in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Zagros mountains
The Zagros Mountains , make up's Iraq's mountain range.

Latina
Latina is a city in region Lazio.

Monza
Monza is a city in region Lombardy.

Giugliano inia
Giugliano inia is a city regionia in Italy.

French Revolution 1848
The February 1848 Revolution ince ended reign King Louis-Philippe, French Second Republic .

Nyon (district)
The District Nyon is a district in canton Vaud,d.

Skip James
Nehemiah Curtis "Skip" James  was an Delta blues singer, guitarist, pianist songwriter.

Scenario paintball
Scenario paintball is a type paintball game where act things while playing paintballg to a predefined storyline.

Nirvana (band)
Nirvana was an alternative rock band in 1990s.

Gravel Racing
Gravel Racing Off-Road Street Racing is a new illegal Street Racing.

Olaf Kölzig
Olaf Kölzig  is a professional ice hockey goaltender, playing forington Capitals National Hockey League.

WrestleMania
WrestleMania  wasia professional wrestling event produced by World Wrestling Federation.

León,ajuato
Léon is a city in stateajuato in Mexico.

Jim Carey (ice hockey)
Jim Carey  is a retired ice hockey goaltender.

Ciudad Juárez
Ciudad Juárez is a city in state Chihuahua in Mexico.

San Cristóbal Ecatepec
San Cristóbal Ecatepec  is a city in state México in Mexico.

Jacqueste
Joseph Jacques Omer "Jake Snake"te  was a professional ice hockey goaltender.

Hockey Hall Fame
The Hockey Hall Fame  is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Leod
Joseph Viateur "Leo"d , was an owner in National Hockey League in league that League.

Billy Smith
William John "Battlin' Billy" Smith  was a professional ice hockey goaltender is known for winning fourley Cups being goalie to be score a goal.

Bill
William Ronald   was a professional ice hockey goaltender who Canadiens in National Hockey League .

1925-26 NHL season
=Final standings=.

1926-27 NHL season
=Final standings=.

1961-62 NHL season
=Final standings=.

Night Champions (2008)
WWE Night Champions  was yearly Night Champions professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .

William M. Jennings Trophy
The William M.

Gemsbok
The gemsbok gemsbuck  is an plains antelope.

The Left Hand Darkness
"The Left Hand Darkness" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Akan language
Akan is a language group spoken by related peoples in mainlya eastern Côte d'Ivoire.

Akkadian language
Akkadian  Assyro was a Semitic language  that was spoken in ancient Iraq.

Afar language
Afar  is ad Eastitic language spoken in Ethiopia, Eritrea Djibouti.

Abkhaz language
Abkhaz is a Northwest language spoken in Abkhazia Turkey.

Adyghe language
The Adyghe language is two main languages Republic Adygea in Federation.

WWEd Extension
The Entertainment d Extension was a draft used in 2002 by WWE with purpose dividing WWE Superstars into two brands, "RAW" "SmackDown!".

Alemannic
Alemannic  is a group dialects Upper branchic language family.

Royal Rumble
The Royal Rumble is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event, aired every January by World Wrestling Entertainment .

WrestleMania XX
WrestleMania XX was twentiethia professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .

WrestleMania 22
WrestleMania 22 was twenty-second yearlyia professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Midquel
A midquel is a story, book, movie that takes place in middle another.

Chip 'n Dale
Chip 'n' Dale are two fictional, animated chipmunks made by The Walt Disneyy.

International Justice Network
Theational Justice Network  leads human rights initiatives around world by giving legal help skill to victims human rights abuses by making a global network legal professionals, non-governmentalganizations community-based human rights people to to protect promote human rights rule law.

Child sexual abuse
Child sexual abuse is when an adult older teenager makes a child do any sexual activities.

Reporters Without Borders
Reporters Without Borders   is an international non-governmentalganization.

Kudu
Kudu are a type antelope that are found all over Africa, depending on variety.

Electrode
An electrode isthing that can carry electricity.

1996-97 NHL season
Regular season.

1997-98 NHL season
Highlights.

Roy Worters
Roy "Shrimp" Worters  was a professional ice hockey Hall Fame goaltender who played twelve seasons in National Hockey League for Pittsburgh Pirates, Montreal Canadiens New Yorks, was notable for having 66 shutouts in his career being, at 5'3" tall, player ever to play in NHL.

Al Rollins
Elwin "Al" Ira Rollins  was a professional ice hockey goaltender.

Chuck Rayner
Claude Earl "Chuck" Rayner  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played nine seasons in National Hockey League for New Yorks New York Rangers.

New Yorks
The New Yorksre a professional ice hockey team, expansion team in history National Hockey League  to play in United States.

Jesse James (movie)
"Jesse James"  is astern movie created by Henry King includes Tyrone Power, Henry Fonda, Nancy Kelly, Randolph Scott.

Jesse G. James
Jesse Gregory James  is an television personality CEO West Coast Choppers, a builder custom-made motorcycles.

The Assassination Jesse James by Coward Robert Ford
"The Assassination Jesse James by Coward Robert Ford" is a 2007 movie.

James Burke (gangster)
James 'Jimmy Gent' Burke , was an gangster.

Jesse James (actor)
Jesse James  is an actor.

Jesse James Hollywood
Jesse James Hollywood  is an drug dealer fugitive.

Jesse James (Lucky Luke)
Jesse James is a Lucky Luke comic written by Goscinny illustrated by Morris.

2001-02 NHL season
The 2001–02 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

George Hainsworth
George Hainsworth  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who Canadiens Toronto Maple Leafs in National Hockey League .

Tiny Thompson
Cecil Ralph "Tiny" Thompson  was a professional ice hockey goaltender.

Terry Sawchuk
Terence Gordon Sawchuk  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played 21 seasons in National Hockey League for Detroit Red Wings, Boston Bruins, Toronto Maple Leafs, Los Angeles Kings, New York Rangers.

Patrick Roy
Patrick Jacques Roy,  is a retired ice hockey goaltender.

Scarlettsson
Scarlettsson‏  is an actress singer, she is known for her roles in films Lost inslation, Match Point The Prestige.

Ken Dryden
Ken Dryden is a retired NHL goaltender.

Charlie Gardiner (ice hockey)
Charles Robert Gardiner  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who Black Hawks in National Hockey League.

Shot (ice hockey)
A shot in ice hockey is an attempt by a player to score a goal by hitting puck withir stick in direction net.

Goal (ice hockey)
A goal in ice hockey provides a team with point.

Hockey puck
Hockey pucks are hard disks rubber that are ice hockey.

Haines City, Florida
Haines City is a city in Polk County, Florida, United States.

Frank Brimsek
Francis Charles "Mister Zero" Brimsek  was an professional ice hockey goaltender who Bruins Chicago Black Hawks in National Hockey League.

Turk Broda
Walter Edward "Turk" Broda  was a ice hockey goaltender for Toronto Maple Leafs.

Ed Belfour
Edward John Belfour  is a professional ice hockey goaltender who plays fords IF in, highest-level ice hockey league.

Glove (ice hockey)
There are three types gloves worn by ice hockey players.

German idealism
German idealism is a groupories in philosophy that began iny in late eighteenth early nineteenth centuries.

Verehia River
The Verehia River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Leahu River
The Leahu River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Negostina River
The Negostina River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Artan River
The River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Crivaia River
The Crivaia River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Tirimia River
The Tirimia River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Diceaiul River
The Diceaiul River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Johnny Bower
John William "Johnny" Bower , nicknamed "The China Wall", is a Hockey Hall Fame goaltender.

2004-05 NHL season
The 2004–05 NHL season would have been regular season National Hockey League .

Amharic language
Amharic  is a Semitic language spoken in North Central Ethiopia by Amhara.

2004-05 NHL lockout
The 2004–05 NHL lockout resulted in cancellation would have been season National Hockey League .

The Sports Network
The Sports Network  is a language cable television specialty channel is Canada's language sports television channel.

Glenn Hall
Glenn Henry "Mr.

Charlie Hodge
Charles "Charlie" Hodge  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who Canadiens, Vancouver Canucks,d Seals in National Hockey League.

California Golden Seals
The California Golden Sealsre an ice hockey team in NHL that played from 1966 to 1976.

Tom Barrasso
Tom Barrasso is a National Hockey League goaltender.

Atlanta Flames
Theta Flamesre an ice hockey team in NHL fromta, Georgia, USA from 1972 to 1980.

Calder Memorial Trophy
The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given "to player selected as proficient in his year competition in National Hockey League." The award has been awarded 70 times since its beginnings in 1937.

Afro-Asiatic languages
-Ancient .

St. John's, Antigua Barbuda
St.

University Illinois ata-Champaign
The University Illinois ata-Champaign  is a university in state Illinois, United States.

Bambi, A Life in Woods
"Bambi, A Life in Woods"  is a book by Felix Salten, printed in 1923.

Rashidun Empire
Rashidun Empire, Islamic Empire idun Caliphate  are terms empire that was controlled by four successors Muhammad .

United States Secretary Treasury
The United States Secretary Treasury is head United States Department Treasury.

Federalment United States
The federal government United States is centralized United States government that is established by United States Constitution.

African Penguin
The Penguin , also known as Black-footed Penguin , is found on south-western coast Africa, living in colonies on 24 islands between Namibia Algoa Bay, near Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with colony on Dyerd, near Kleinbaai.

United States Department Treasury
The United States Department Treasury is a Cabinet department treasury United States government.

Loose (album)
"Loose" is studio album by singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado, was released 9 June, 2006.

All Good Things (Come to an End)
"All Good Things " is a pop song by singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado, was released late 2006 hit number-one in charts.

Puklice
Puklice is a village in Jihlava District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Gump Worsley
Lorne John "Gump" Worsley  was a professional ice hockey goaltender.

Michel Larocque
Michel 'Bunny' Larocque  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who Canadiens, Toronto Maple Leafs, Philadelphia Flyers, St.

Lorne Chabot
Lorne Chabot  was a ice hockey goaltender.

Normie Smith
Norman "Normie" Smith  was a Vezina-winning goaltender for Detroit Red Wings.

Dave Kerr
Davidder Kerr  was an NHL goaltender who played 427 games in toal, 327m with New York Rangers.

WWE United Statesip
The World Wrestling Entertainment  United Statesip is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.

Johnny Mowers
Johnny Mowers  was an ice hockey goaltender who Red Wings, winning Vezina Trophy in 1943.

Harry Lumley
Harry "Apple Cheeks" Lumley  was a professional ice hockey goaltender in National Hockey League.

Denis DeJordy
Denis DeJordy , is a retired professional ice hockey player.

Carl von Clausewitz
Karl Philipp Gottlieb von Clausewitz   was a soldier who wrote about war military.

Rogatien Vachon
Rogatien "Rogie" Vachon (b.

1927-28 NHL season
The 1927–28 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Polk County, Florida
Polk County is a county located in U.S.

1928-29 NHL season
The 1928–29 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Georgetown University
Georgetown University is a Catholic university inington, D.C.

Jack Adams Award
The Jack Adams Award is awarded annually to National Hockey League coach "adjudged to have team's success." It has been awarded 33 times to 28 different winners.

Priboiu River
The Priboiu River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Talea River
The Talea River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Belia River
The Belia River is a tributary Talea River inia.

Zam River
The Zam River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Zamoru River
The Zamoru River is a tributary Zam River inia.

Bagpipes
Bagpipes are music.

Entertainment Software Rating Board
The Entertainment Software Rating Board  is anganization that rates video games.

2005-06 NHL season
The 2005–06 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

1929-30 NHL season
The 1929–30 NHL season was thirteenth season National Hockey League.

1930-31 NHL season
The 1930–31 NHL season was fourteenth season National Hockey League.

National Hockey League awards
The National Hockey League presents lots annual awards trophies to recognize its teams players.

Pizmonim
Pizmonim  are songs melodies sang to praise God.

Luca Marenzio
Luca Marenzio  was an composer who lived in latece.

Nicholas Yonge
Nicholas Yonge  was an singer publisher .

Complex
A complex thing isthing which is complicated difficult to understand.

Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire is an episode Simpsons from Season 1.

Treehouse Horror
Treehouse Horror is an episode in simpsons in season 2.

WWE Divasip
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Divasip is aficial championship in World Wrestling Entertainment divas.

Alain Vigneault
Alain Vigneault (b.

Lindy Ruff
Lindy Ruff is current head coach Buffalo Sabres.

John Tortorella
John Tortorella was coach Tampa Bay Lightning.

Horseradish
Horseradish is a coarse radish, to distinguish it from edible .

Geographic Names Information System
The Geographic Names Information System  contains location information about more than two million physical cultural features located throughout United States America its Territories.

12 Rounds
12 Rounds is a rock band that was started by Atticus Ross singer Claudia Sarne.

Emigration
Emigration is act leaving's country area to settle in another.

Brassicales
The Brassicales are ander flowering plants.

Testudines
Testudines is ander reptiles.

World Economic Forum
The World Economic Forum is a foundation based in Geneva,d.

Assembly Kosovo
The Assembly Kosovo  is an institution territory Kosovo.

Frenchd Prix
The Frenchd Prix is a car race normally held in Magny Cours ince.

Boogie-woogie
Boogie-woogie is a style piano-based blues that became very popular in late 1930s early 1940s.

Country blues
Country blues  is all acoustic, guitars blues.

Electric blues
The electric blues is a type blues music made different by amplification guitar, bass guitar,/or harmonica.

Jump blues
Jump blues is a type up-tempo blues music.

List Formula Oneds Prix
The following is a complete listds Prix which have been a FIA Worldip since it started in 1950.

Soul blues
Soul blues is a style blues music developed in late 1960s early 1970s.

Chicago blues
The Chicago blues is a blues music that developed in Chicago, Illinois by adding electrically amplified guitar, drums, piano, bass guitartimes saxophone to Delta blues.

Louisiana blues
Thea blues is a type blues music with slow rhythm which makes sound dark tense.

News blues
News blues is a mix dixieland music rhythms from music.

St. Louis blues
The St.

Texas blues
Texas Blues is a type blues.

British blues
The blues is a type blues music that started in late 1950s.

East Coast blues
East Coast blues is a type Blues music which needs fast fingerpicking ragtime style.

Hexapoda
The subphylum Hexapoda, meaning "six legs", is  group arthropods includes insects asll as three much groups arthropods without wings: Collembola, Protura, Diplura .

Kobet
Kobet  is an professional basketball player who currently plays for Los Angeles Lakers National Basketball Association.

Baleen whale
The baleen whales, also called whalebone whales great whales, make up Mysticeti, two groups Cetacea .

Erinaceidae
Erinaceidae is only living family inder Erinaceomorpha.

Macropus
"Macropus" is a marsupial genus that belongs to family Macropodidae.

Macropodiformes
Macropodiformes is three suborderse marsupialder Diprotodontia.

Soricomorpha
Theder Soricomorpha  is a biological group in class mammals.

Peter Wolf
Peter Wolf is a composition by Sergei Prokofiev written in 1936 after his return to Russia.

Israel national football team
The Israel National Football Team is national football team Israel is controlled by Israel Football Association.

Metroid
is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo.

United States presidential line succession
If current President United States dies is unable to do his job, U.S.

İzmir
İzmir is a metropol city inst Turkey.

Antalya
Antalya is a city in southern Turkey.

Hatay
Hatay is a city in southern Turkey, on coast.

Mural
A mural is a painting on a wall a ceiling.

Tunceli
Tunceli is a province in eastern Turkey.

List World Heavyweight Champions (WWE)
This is Title History World Heavyweightip.

Drajna River
The Drajna River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Pridvara River
The Pridvara River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Telejenel River
The Telejenel River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Conciu River
The Conciu River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Cernica River
The Cernica River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Deniz Baykal
Deniz Baykal  is a politician leader People's Party.

Deniz Gezmiş
Deniz Gezmiş  was a political activist in late 1960s.

Washington Monument
Theington Monument is ae, tall, white obelisk nearst National Mall inington, D.C.

Avrupa Yakası
Avrupa Yakası  is a popular sitcom which broadcasts on TV.

Zgarbura River
The Zgarbura River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Büyükada
Büyükada,  is an island in Sea Marmara, nearbul, Turkey.

National Mall
The National Mall is an open park in downtownington, D.C..

How I Met Your Mother
How I Met Your Mother  is an situation comedy that started on CBS Broadcasting on September 19, 2005.

Turkish television series
There is a list television series .

Pixelization
Pixelization is a way hiding information from a picture.

Yıldız Technical University
Yıldız Technical University is a university in Turkey.

Tract (literature)
A tract, is a literary work, is now used in religion.

Primitive Methodist Church
The Primitive Methodist Church is a body evangelicals in Methodist denomination.

Anadolu University
Anadolu University is an high-degree educational instution in Eskişehir,Turkey .

Naiba River
The Naiba River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Nedeia River (Danube)
The Nedeia River is a tributary Danube inia.

National Air Space Museum
The National Air Space Museum is a museum inington, D.C., United States, located in National Mall.

Daniel Alfredsson
Daniel Alfredsson is current captain Ottawa Senators.

Termite
Termites are a group social insects.

Dany Heatley
Dany Heatley is a ice hockey player for Ottawa Senators.

Mantis
Mantises  is ander insects.

Memphis blues
The Memphis blues is a type blues music that was created in 1920s 1930s.

Piano blues
Piano blues is a type Blues music where piano is main musical instrument used.

Jazz blues
Jazz blues is a musical style that combines jazz blues.

Fife drum blues
Fife drum blues is another traditional country blues.

Earwig
Earwigs is given to a group insects .

Silverfish
"Lepisma saccharina"  is a, wingless insect.

Amazing Grace
"Amazing Grace" is all-known hymn.

30,000 Poundsas
"30,000 Poundsas" is a song by Harry Chapin.

Corrie ten Boom
Corneliana Arnolda ten Boom   was a Dutch Holocaust survivor.

Lincoln Memorial
The Lincoln Memorial was built to remember Abraham Lincoln, who was President United States led nation during Civil War.

Myki
Myki is a new ticket to replace Metcard.

Morwell, Victoria
Morwell is a city ind, east Victoria.

Archaeognatha
Archaeognatha is ander wingless insects, also known as "jumping bristletails".

Ravi Zacharias
Frederick Antony Ravi Kumar Zacharias  is an-born, evangelical apologist, evangelist.

Floridaip Wrestling
Floridaip Wrestling  is a professional wrestling promotion based in Tampa, Florida.

Blues scale
The "blues scale" is a hexatonic scale with minor pentatonic scale.

Infant baptism
Inity, infant baptism is baptism  young children infants.

OMFational
OMFational  is an inter-denominationalt missionary society.

Wordless Book
A Wordless Book is a evangelistic device.

Swarm intelligence
Swarm Intelligence is a field Computer science.

Hudson Taylor
James Hudson Taylor 戴德生  was at missionary to China.

Baptist Union Great Britain
The Baptist Union Great Britain  is both oldest national group Baptist churches in Great Britain.

Spurgeon's College
Spurgeon's College is aological institute in London.

Michael Vick
Michael Vick is an football quarterback forta Falcons.

Tom Brady
Tom Edward Brady Jr.

Randy Moss
Randy Moss is an Wide receiver for Newd Patriots.

Norm Van Brocklin
Norm Van Brocklin  was an football coach forta Falcons.

San Antonio Spurs
The San Antonio Spurs are a team in National Basketball Association in San Antonio, Texas.

Atlanta Hawks
Theta Hawks are a team in National Basketball Association, inta, Georgia.

Golden State Warriors
The Golden State Warriors are a professional basketball team.

Sacramento Kings
The Sacramento Kings are a team in National Basketball Association in Sacramento, California.

Philadelphia 76ers
The Philadelphia 76ers  are a professional basketball team in Philadelphia,ia.

New York Knicks
The New York Knicks are a team in National Basketball Association in New York .

Utah Jazz
The Utah Jazz are a team in National Basketball Association in Utah.

Houston Rockets
The Houston Rockets are a team in National Basketball Association in Houston, Texas.

Portland Trail Blazers
Thed Trail Blazers are a team in National Basketball Association ind, Oregon.

List NBA champions
This is a list NBA Champions.

Arama Caprelor River
The Arama Caprelor River  is a tributary Putna Noroioasă River inia.

Ardealu River
The Ardealu River is a tributary Talna Mică River inia.

Saga River
The Saga River is a tributary Costeşti River inia.

Savu River
The Savu River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Sarchii River
The Sarchii River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Salta River
The Salta River is a tributary Iza River in countryia.

Julius
Julius  was an composer, pianist, singer dancer.

Eli Manning
Elisha Nelson "Eli" Manning  is an football player.

Paul Pierce
Paul Anthony Pierce  is an basketball player for Boston Celtics NBA.

Scotty
William Scott "Scotty"  is a National Hockey League head coach.

Nigel Mansell
Nigel Ernest James Mansell OBE  is a racing driver fromd who won both Formula One Worldip  CART World Series .

Graham Hill
Norman Graham Hill  was a racing driver two-time Formula One World Champion.

Beşiktaş
Besiktas  is a district in İstanbul.

Eusociality
Examples.

Scuderia Ferrari
Scuderia Ferrari is for Gestione Sportiva, division Ferrari automobile company concerned with racing.

TRT
The TRT  is television broadcaster national public broadcaster Turkey.

Cnbc-e
Cnbc-e is a TV channel which broadcasts financial entertainment programs in Turkey.

Kanal D
Kanal D is a popular television channel broadcasting national.

CNN Türk
CNN Türk is version international CNN.

NTV Turkey
NTV Turkey is a nationwide television channel which consists news, sports programmes documentaries.

Milliyet
Milliyet is a major daily newspaper founded in 1950.

Damon Hill
Damon Graham Devereux Hill OBE  is a racing driver fromd.

List newspapers in Turkey
There is a list newspapers publishing in Turkey.

Aphid
Aphids are insects that feed on plants.

Aigle
Aigle is capital district Aigle in canton Vaud ind.

Brabham
Motor Racing Developments Ltd., commonly known as Brabham , was a company that built racing cars.

Afrotheria
Afrotheria is a group mammals , containing golden moles, elephant shrews, tenrecs, aardvarks, hyraxes, elephants manatees.

Kimi Räikkönen
Kimi-Matias Räikkönen   is a race car driver, currently driving for Scuderia Ferrari.

Fédérationationale de l'Automobile
La Fédérationationale de l'Automobile, commonly FIA, is a non-profit association established as Associationationale des Automobile Clubs Reconnus  on June 20, 1904 to represent interests motoringganisations motor car users.

Presociality
Presociality is a phenomenon in which animals exhibit more than just sexual interactions with members same species; however,y fall qualifying as eusocial.

Murrumbidgee River
The Murrumbidgee River is a river in New South Wales, Australia, Capital Territory.

Neotominae
"Neotominae" is a subfamily family Cricetidae.

Kusadasi
Kusadasi  is a town in province Aydın.

Ayvalik
Ayvalik  is a seaside town inst Turkey in province Balıkesir.

Bregenz
Bregenz is a city inst Austria also capital Vorarlberg.The city located along Lakece bordered bydy.Its population is 27.000.The main ethnic groups ares,Turkish,Italians,Serbians,Germans.

Togo Mouse
The Togo Mouse, also known as Büttner's Forest Mouse Groove-toothed Forest Mouse , is a unique muroid rodent.

Nazimiye
Nazimiye is a district Tunceliprovience in Turkey.

Yalova
Yalova is a northwestern city, which was affected in earthquake August 17, 1999.

Mudanya
Mudanya is a town along Sea Marmara also a district Bursa Provience in Turkey.It is located in Gulf Gemlik.Town has a road transportation with Bursa seaway transportation by ferries withbul.

Gemlik
Gemlik is a harbor town with 70.000 inhabitants.Gemlik is a district Bursa Provience.Gemlik has a free industrial zone.This zone helped development industry in Gemlik.Agriculturely olives for eating olives oil is an important economic activity in Gemlik.

Chinchillidae
The family Chinchillidae contains chinchillas, viscachas,ir fossil relatives.

Myomorpha
Suborder Myomorpha has 1,137 species mouse-like rodents, almost a quarter all mammals.

Eumuroida
Eumuroida are a group all muroid rodents, true muroids.

Mouse-like hamsters
Mouse-like hamsters are a group rodents found in Syria,,,,,.

Nesomyidae
Nesomyidae is a family rodents ine complicated superfamily Muroidea.

Manisa
Manisa is a city instern Turkey in Asia Minor.

Eskişehir
Eskişehir is a city in Turkey.City located in Minor inst side middle Turkey.Eskişehir has a great number university student population for an typical city.Anadolu Universitygazi University is located in this city.In Turkey,there is no much city wh,ch has more than university except metropol cities such asbul,Ankara,İzmir.Student population brings economical consumption to city.

Cricetidae
The Cricetidae are a family rodents ine complicated superfamily Muroidea.

Turkish cities by population
There is a list cities by population rankings.

Gaziantep
Gaziantep, is a city located in southeastern Turkey.Gaziantep isll-known with its desert Baklava.Gaziantep also city in Turkey.

Baklava
Baklava is a dessert from kitchen.

Radikal
Radikal is a nationwide newspaper in Turkey.Radikal is a left-wing newspaper.It shares social-democrat ideas.In Sundays it gives an extra called Radikal2.

ÖSS
ÖSS Öğrenci Seçme Sınavı is exam for entering universities in Turkey.

Ahmet Necdet Sezer
Ahmet Necdet Sezer  was President Turkey.

Kamer Genc
Kamer Genc (b.

Emine Erdoğan
Emine Erdoğan is wife prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.Shears türban headscarves.Her türban shows families Islamic standing.

Kenan Evren
Ahmet Evren , was president Turkey.

Show TV
"Show TV" is a national television channel in Turkey.

Cumhuriyet
Cumhuriyet in The Republic is a nationwide daily newspaper.Cumhuriyet newspaper shares secularist republican ideas with its readers.Cumhuriyet is sold about 70.000 everyday.

Uludag University
Uludag University is a university which is located in city country Bursa.

Osmangazi University
Osmangazi University is a school found in Eskişehir, Turkey.

ERASMUS programme
The Erasmus Programme is an Union project which intends to promote mobility students university teachers among EU countries Turkey, Norwayd.

National Gallery Art
The National Gallery Art is an art museum on National Mall inington, D.C.

1999 İzmit earthquake
The 1999 İzmit earthquake was an approximately 7.4 magnitude earthquake that struck northwestern Turkey on August 17, 1999, at about 3:01am local time.

Andrew W. Mellon
Andrew William Mellon  was an banker who also owned many industrial businesses.

Taksim Square
Taksim Square is an area located in Beyoğlu,Istanbul.Sometimes it is referred as heartbul.In 1 May 1977 in Labour Day celebrationrere more than 500.000 people in square.

Street market
Street Market is an open-air market.Generally in an open-air market clothing,fruits vegetables.In Greece Turkey streets markets stands in several daysekly.

Reflecting pool
A reflecting pool reflection pool is a pool water that is in many memorials.

Bozcaada
Bozcaada is an island in Sea.

Heybeliada
Heybeliada is an island in Sea Marmara in Turkey.It isficially a Adalar districtbul.Heybeliada has an old Ortodox Theology School.However this school is closed because laws.Turkey EU works for opening this school again.However for opening this school government must prepare a new law.

Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool
The Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool is reflecting pool inington, D.C.

Gebze
Gebze is an industrial town in provience Kocaeli, Turkey.

Alanya
Alanya is a seaside resort in south Turkey also a district Antalya.

Sezen Aksu
Sezen Aksu  is a pop singer, song-writer producer.

Imrali
Imrali is an island in Marmara Sea.

Thes
Thes is a 3D CGI animated series that premiered on Nick Jr.

Hatirla Sevgili
Hatirla Sevgili is a television series which ended in May 2008.

ATV Turkey
ATV is a nationwide television channel.

Bodrum
Bodrum is a tourist resort in Turkey.

Phenomenology
In philosophy, phenomenology is a way thinking about ourselves.

Dalaman
Dalaman is a town in southwestern Turkey.

Fatih Mehmet Bridge
Fatih Mehmet Bridge  is a bridge between Asia Europe inbul, Turkey.

Marmaray
Marmaray is a project to connect Asia Europe under sea with rail tunnels.

Atatürkational Airport
Atatürkational Airport  is major international airport in Turkey.

Marmara University
Marmara University is an high-educational institution located inbul.

Kemal Sunal
Kemal Sunal  is a popular comedian in cinema history.

Adile Nasit
Adile Nasit ) was a actress.

Barilla Group
Barilla Group is a food company that makes pasta.

Moda
Moda is a district near Kadıköy,Istanbul.Barış Manço pop singer lived here.Moda has a coast suitable for jogging.From Moda coast image Bosphorus can be seen.

Chinese poker
Chinese Poker is a poker variant that came from Asia.

City Birmingham Symphony Orchestra
The City Birmingham Symphony Orchestra  is leadingchestras.

Egon Krenz
Egon Krenz  was a politician Democratic Republic.

Berlin Friedrichstrasse railway station
Berlin Fridrichstrasse  is a railway station in center Berlin.

Peyton Manning
Peyton Williams Manning  is an football quarterback who plays forapolis Colts, a team in National Football League.

Statue Freedom
The Statue Freedom is a statue a woman that is on top United States Capitol.

Murray River
The Murray River is river in Australia.

Buffer solution
Buffer solutions are solutions that do not change in hydronium ion hydroxide ion concentration when amounts acid base are added.

Hamilton Hume
Hamilton Hume  was born explorer.

Azadmir
The Azad State Jammumir, also called Azad Jammumir Azadmir,ened AJK ismir.

Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty  is a treaty that was made to stop nuclearapons from being built.

Cyndi Lauper
Cynthia Annie "Cyndi" Lauper  is an Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, MTV VMA-winning video Emmy Award-winning movie, televisionater actress.

Dutch East Indies
The Dutch East Indies,ds East Indies, was Dutch colony that is now modern Indonesia.

Dutch East Indiay
The Dutch East Indiay , started in 1602, whends gave it a 21-year monopoly to trade in Asia.

Mika Häkkinen
Mika Pauli Häkkinen  is a racing driver two-time Formula One champion.

Cape York
Cape York is northern point Australia.

North West Cape
North West Cape is ae piece land on northst coast Australia.

Baja California Sur
Baja California Sur is a state Mexico.

Nelson Piquet
Nelson Piquet Souto Maior , more commonly known as Nelson Piquet, is a racing driver who was Formula One world champion in 1981, 1983, 1987.

Baby boomer
A Baby boomer is anyone born between years 1946 1964.

Jack Brabham
Sir John Arthur "Jack" Brabham, AO, OBE  is an racing driver who was Formula One champion in 1959, 1960 1966.

Team Lotus
Team Lotus was motorsport sister company sports car manufacturer Lotus Cars.

WilliamsF1
WilliamsF1, trading Williamsd Prix Engineering Ltd., is a Formula One  motor racing team constructor.

Benetton Formula
Benetton Formula Ltd., commonly as Benetton, was a Formula One constructor thaticipated from 1986 to 2001.

Umayyad Empire
The Umayyad Empire is empire in history.

Surprise (emotion)
Surprise is an emotion that a person might feel ifthing unexpected happens.

Surprisey
A surprisey is ay thrown forone who does not know that it has been planned.

2003-04 NHL season
The 2003–04 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Londonsted Airport
Londonsted Airport is ae passenger airport located in Uttlesford District county Essex about 30 miles  north-east London.

London Gatwick Airport
Gatwick Airport is London's airport busiest airport in United Kingdom after Heathrow.

2002-03 NHL season
The 2002–03 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

London Heathrow Airport
London Heathrow Airport Heathrow, located in London,d, is principal airport serving United Kingdom.

London Luton Airport
London Luton Airport  is an international airport located on edge town Luton,ire,d approximately north London.

2000-01 NHL season
The 2000–01 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

London City Airport
London City Airport is a single-runway airport, by STOL  airliners, principally serving financial districts London.

1999-2000 NHL season
The 1999–2000 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

International Opium Convention
Theational Opium Convention was drug control treaty .

Cuteness
Cuteness is a type liking people have, such as toward children babies.

Coleoidea
The Coleoidea are a group mollusks making up living cephalopods.

1998-99 NHL season
The 1998–99 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Bagh District
Bagh District is eight districts Azadmir,.

Bhimber District
Bhimber is southernmost eight districts Azadmir, district is located between Latitude: 32-48 to 33-34 Longitude: 73.55 to 74-45, has an area 1516km².

Kotli District
Kotli  is eight districts Azadmir,.

Mirpur District
Mirpur District is a district in's Azadmir Liberated Territory.

Muzaffarabad District
Muzafarabad district is located on banks Jhelum Neelum rivers.

Poonch District
Poonch District is a districtmir that is divided between Occupiedmir's Azadmir.

Sudhnoti District
Sudhnoti is a district Azadmir in.

Baramulla district
Baramulla is a district in Occupiedmir in northern.

Budgam District
Badgam is a occupied town-Heldmir in state Occupiedmir,mir,.

Doda District
Doda is a district Occupiedmir.

Jammu District
Jammu District is a district in Occupiedmir.

Kargil District
Kargil is only Muslim majority district Ladakh in Occupiedmir.

Kupwara District
Kupwara District is located in Occupiedmir,mir,.

Leh District
Leh is two districts located in Ladakh, other being Kargil District tost, in disputed occupied territory Occupiedmir,mir, North.

Pulwama District
Pulwama is a occupied district in Occupiedmir,.

Rajouri District
Rajouri is a District in Occupiedmir,mir,.

Srinagar District
Situated at centermir valley, Srinagar  is populous district in disputed territory Occupiedmir,mir, is home to summer capital  Indo-occupied Jammumir .

Udhampur District
Udhampur is a occupied district in Occupiedmir.

Caliphate
A caliphate, , is Islamic government representing political unity leadership Muslim world.

Amphisbaenia
Amphisbaenia are suborder Squamata.

Karen languages
The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by Karen people.

Kongo language
Kikongo Kongo is Bantu language spoken by Bakongo Bandundu people in tropical forests Democratic Republic Congo, Republic Congo Angola.

Latvian language
Latvian language , isficial state language Latvia.

Wig
A wig is an artificial covering hair.

Neelum District
The Neelum District is eight districts Azadmir,.

Backpack
A backpack  is a cloth sack put onbody's back.

Northern Areas
The Areas ,ficially government as Federally Administered Areas , is northernmost political entity withini-administered princely state Jammumir.

The Great (2008)
The Great  was yearly Great professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Euarchontoglires
Euarchontoglires  are taxonomic superoroder, withning Placentalia, including rodents, primates, etc.

Schiau River
The Schiau River is a tributary Argeş River inia.

Holuzu River
The Holuzu River is a tributary Latoriţa River inia.

Holmul River
The Holmul River is a tributary Tazlăul Sărat River inia.

Mazamitla
Mazamitla is a town State Jalisco.

Livada River
The Livada River is a tributary Hăşdate River inia.

Suhard River
The Suhard River is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Boz River (Mureş)
The Boz River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Sebeş River (Cibin)
The Sebeş River Frumoasa River Seviş River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Seaca River (Prahova)
The Seaca River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Milcov River (Siret)
The Milcov River is a tributary Putna River in easternia.

Coman River (Vaser)
The River is a tributary Vaser River inia.

Nanda River
The Nanda River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Nanu River
The Nanu River Valea Şasă River is a tributary Valea Pinului River inia.

Nanul River
The Nanul River is a tributary Tigăile River inia.

Natra River
The Natra River is a tributary Lişava River inia.

Lişava River
The Lişava River is a tributary Caraş River inia.

Remetea River (Olt)
The Remetea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Comana River (Olt)
Thea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Bogata River (Olt)
The Bogata River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Trestia River (Bogata)
The Trestia River is a tributary Bogata River inia.

Scoreiu River
The Scoreiu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Iaz River (Olt)
The Iaz River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Alunul River (Olt)
The Alunul River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cungrea River
The Cungrea River Cungra River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Bârsa River (Olt)
The Bârsa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Cormoş River
The Cormoş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Surduc River (Olt)
The Surduc River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Beta River (Olt)
The Beta River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Lunca River (Olt)
The Lunca River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Var River (Olt)
The Var River Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary Olt River inia.

Minei River
The Râul Minei is a tributary Olt River inia.

Telec River (Olt)
The Telec River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Frasinu River (Olt)
The Frasinu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Bradu River (Olt)
The Bradu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Ilieni River
The Ilieni River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Sterpu River (Olt)
The Sterpu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Teiu River (Olt)
The Teiu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gologan River (Olt)
The River Mărioara River Caracal River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Milcov River (Olt)
The Milcov River Valea Urlătoarea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Breaza River (Olt)
The Breaza River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Hotaru River (Crizbav)
The Hotaru River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Hotaru River (Vadu Roşu)
The Hotaru River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Puturoasa River (Olt)
The Puturoasa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Bolovanul River (Olt)
Theul Riveru River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pesceana River (Olt)
Thea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Bistriţa River (Olt)
The Bistriţa River  is a tributary Olt River inia.

Stupina River (Olt)
The Stupina River is a river in countryia.

Teiu River (Lotru)
The Teiu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Runcu River (Lotru)
The Runcu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Dobra River (Lotru)
The Dobra River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Vidra River (Lotru)
The Vidra River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Chioara River (Lotru)
The Chioara River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Buta River (Lotru)
The Buta River Pârâul lui Buta is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Lupul River (Lotru)
The Lupul River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Larga River (Lotru)
The Larga River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Ceplea River
The Râul Ceplea is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Preajba River
The Preajba River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Leu River
The Leu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Gioroc River
The Gioroc River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Dumitra River
The Dumitra River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Gropu River
The Gropu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Bratcu River
The Bratcu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Runcu River (Jiu)
The Runcu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Porcu River (Jiu)
The Porcu River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Pietroasa River (Jiu)
The Pietroasa River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Argetoaia River
The Argetoaia River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Rasnic River
The Rasnic River Raznic River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Prodila River
The Prodila River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Thomas Brezina
Thomas Brezina , is an writer children's books.

Bass
__NOTOC__ .

Ontology
Ontology is philosophy that studies existence.

Turkish Airlines
Turkish Airlines in turkish Türk Hava Yolları is national airline Turkey.

Pegasus Airlines
Pegasus is an airline company based in Turkey.Pegasus Airlines flies 100 destinations in 17 countries.

Ethiopian Airlines
Ethiopian Airlines is an airline based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.

Sellapan
Sellapan  is current President Republic Singapore.

Singlish
Singlish is a language usedly in Singapore.

1995-96 NHL season
The 1995–96 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Singapore Dollar
The Singapore Dollar isficial currency money Singapore.

Shortwave radio
Shortwave radio is a for radio broadcasting in range 3-30 megahertz, for radio receivers made to tune in broadcasts.

Çanakkale
Çanakkale is a city instern Turkey.

Dadı
Dadı is a television series.

Placebo (band)
Placebo is an alternative rock band that started in London in 1994.

Industrial rock
Industrial rock is a music genre that puts together industrial music different rock genres, punk, hardcore punk, hard rock.

Java Man
Java man is given to fossils discovered in 1891 at Trinil on baks Solo River in Eats Java, Indonesia, known specimens Homo erectus.

Peking Man
Peking Man, also called "Sinanthropus pekinensis" , is a example "Homo erectus".

Golden plates
Followers Latter Day Saint Movement believe that Joseph Smith was visited by an angel who gave him Golden Plates from which he translated Book Mormon, faith's sacred texts.

Moroni
Moroni is a character in Book Mormon that was final member his people beforeyre all killed.

Aer
Aer is an Indo language spoken by approximately 200 people in Sindh,.

Guitar Hero World Tour
"Guitar Hero: World Tour" is a music game that is "Guitar Hero" franchise.

Badeshi
Badeshi is a northwestern language spoken by over 10,000 people in upper reachesigram Valley , east, Swat, in Areas.

Balti
Balti  is a language spoken in, in Areas adjoinings Occupiedmir.

Austro language
Bavarian Austro is a major group Upper varieties.

Brahui language
The Brahui  Bravi  language, spoken by Brahui, is a language mainly spoken in, although it is also spoken in.

Burushaski
Burushaski  is a language isolate spoken by 87,000 o people in Hunza, Nagar, Yasin,s Gilgit valleys in Areas,.

Khowar language
Khowar,also known as Chitrali, is a Dardic language spoken by 453,765 people in Chitral in Northwest, in Yasin Valley Gupis in neighboring Gilgit, ins Upper Swat.

Islamgarh
Islamgarh  is a New town near Mangla Dam 25 in Union Councils is Chakswari Tehsil, Mirpur District Azadmir,, Many people Islamgarh, enticed by promises employment.

Dameli
Dameli is a language spoken by about 5,000 people in Domel Valley, in Chitral District North-West Frontier Province.

Dhatki
Dhatki, also known as Dhati Thari, is a sociolect Marwari dialecti language.

Dehwari
Dehwari is a language spoken by over 20,000 people in,.

Dogri
Dogri  is an Indo language spoken by about two million people in-controlledmir region, chiefly in Jammu region Occupiedmir, but also in northern Punjab, Himachal, others Occupiedmir, elsewhere.

Domaaki
Domaakí - also known as Dumaki Domaá - is a language spoken in Areas.

Gawar-Bati
Gawar-Bati is known in Chitral asduyiwar, because it is spoken in Villagedu, which is last village in bottom Chitral is across Kunar River from Berkot in.

Amaradia River (Gorj)
The Amaradia River Amaradia Pietroasă River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Amaradia River (Dolj)
The Amaradia River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Goaria
Goaria is a Marwarii language spoken by 25,000 people in Sindh Province,.

Taia River
The Taia River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Romanu River
Theu River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Mohoru River
The Mohoru River is a tributaryu River inia.

Mioarele River
The Mioarele River is a tributaryu River inia.

Gujari
Gojri, also known as 'Gujari is an Indo language spoken by Gujjars Republic India.

Vladimir River
The Vladimir River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Crasna River (Jiu)
The Crasna River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Grui River (Amaradia)
The Grui River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Inoasa River
The Inoasa River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Hazaragi
Hazaragi is a variety, spoken by Hazara people.

Gornac River
The Gornac River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Zlast River
The Zlast River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Budieni River
The Budieni River is a tributary Zlast River inia.

Ruda River (Suceava)
The Ruda River is a tributary Suceava River.

Cuila River
The Cuila River is a tributary Ruda River inia.

Bogdana River (Suceava)
Thea River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Boul River (Suceava)
The Boul River Măgura River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Sihastru River
The Sihastru River is a tributary Boul River inia.

Hindko
Hindko , also Hindku, Hinko, Lahnda, لَیہندا) is an ancient Indo language spoken bys in.

Jijia River (Suceava)
The Jijia River is a tributary Boul River inia.

Putna River (Suceava)
The Putna River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Racova River (Suceava)
The Racova River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Pokémon crimeganizations
In every Pokémon video game anime show,re has been a team that opposes main characters.

Malaya
Malaya is both a word that carries different meanings in different places.

Great Seal Vermont
The Great Seal Vermont isficial seal U.S.

Dune universe
The fictional "Dune" universe, "Duniverse", is political, scientific, social place from authork Herbert's six-book "Dune" series science fantasy novels.

Eastcia
Easterncia  was land Louis after Treaty Verdun 843.

Colm
The masculine Colmiginates from word for dove.

RAR
In computing, RAR is a patented archival fileat that allows data compression, error recovery, file spanning.

WinRAR
WinRAR (a.k.a.

Balochi,
Northern Balochi dialects are settled north Golestān Province, north Nimruz Province in north Chagai District north Sindh in.

Bhadrawahi
Bhadrawahi is a tribe that lives inmir speaks Bhadrawahi language which is a member Indo language family has no script.

Changthang
Changthang has a population 10,089 .

Chilisso language
Chilisso is an Indoi language spoken in.

Balochi language
Balochi  is a language.

Gurgula
Region Sindh Province, concentration in Bhens Colony, Karachi, others in urban centers through Sindh, including Mirpur Khas, Shahdadpur, Panj, Moro, Sabura Tando Allahyar.

Jadgali
Region Southeast Province, southwest Sind.

Jandavra
Region Sindh Province from Hyderabad to east Mirpur Khas.

Kabutra
Region Sindh, concentrations around Umerkot, Kunri, Nara Dhoro.

Kutchi language
Kachchi is a language is spoken in regions such as Kutch, India; Karachi,.

Kalami
Region Upper Swat from betweenmal Kalam north to upper valleys above Kalam, also in Dir, in Thal, Lamuti , Biar , Rajkot  villages.

Querétaro
Querétaro is a state in central Mexico.

Fatima Jinnah
Mohtarma Fatima Jinnah   was sister Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, founder an active political figure in movement for independence from Raj.

Campeche
Campeche is a state in south-east Mexico.

Oaxaco
Oaxaca is a state in south Mexico.

1994-95 NHL season
The 1994–95 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Kalkoti
Region Dir, NWFP, in Kalkot village.

1993-94 NHL season
The 1993–94 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Kamviri
Population 1,500 to 2,000 in plus refugees .

1940-41 NHL season
The 1940–41 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Kashmiri language
Population 4,391,000 in Occupiedmir.

Kati
Population 3,700 to 5,100 Kativiri in .

Khetrani
Khetrani is an Indo language.It is being spoken in north east province Its Population is 4,000..It is member Lahnda group.It is dialect Siraiki language.We can Classify it into Indo, Indo, Indo, zone, Lahnda.Language development Literacy rate in language: below 1%.

Seraiki
Seraiki is a region located at southern Punjab  northern Sindh, Indus River Valley, Jampur area.

Kohistani, Indus
The Indus region in District is found onstern bank Indus River.

Koli-Kachi
Population includes 80,000 to 100,000 Kachi Koli, 5,000 to 6,000 Rabari, 10,000 Kachi Bhil, 50,000 Vagri, 10,000 Katai Meghwar, 1,000 Zalavaria Koli.

Koli-Parkari
Region Centered in Tharparkar District, especially town Nagar Parkar in southeastern tip Sindh bordering Republic India.

Koli-Wadiyara
Population 175,000 in .

Loarki
Region Sindh Province, rural.

Ladakh
Ladakh is a region Jammumir in near border, which is Not Demarcated border regional capital is Leh.

Ladakhi
Population 102,000 in Occupiedmir .

Marwari
Population 220,000.

Memoni
Dialects Memoni language appears to have similarities to Sindhi Gujarati.

Norco (medication)
Norco is a medicine to help with pain.

Yidgha
Region Upper Lutkuh Valley Chitral,st Garamma.

Zangskari
Region Occupiedmir, Ladakh district, Zanskar tahsil, south Leh in Zaskar Mountains, between Himalayas Indus River Valley.

Sunspot
A sunspot is an area high magnetic activity, on surface Sun.

Emergency exit
An emergency exit in a building is an exit for emergencies, such as a fire.

Crystal radio
A crystal radio,times called a crystal set, is a very simple AM radio receiver, that does not need batteries to work.

Bengali Language Movement
The Bengali Language Movement re protests by people living in, which was during that time.

March onington for Jobs Freedom
The March onington for Jobs Freedom was a rally held on National Mall inington, D.C.

Bratz Girlz Really Rock!
"Bratz Girlz Really Rock!" is an animated movie based on Bratz doll line.

Dolls
Dolls are models human beings, usually toys.

Doll
A doll is a child's toy that looks baby other human being.

Theodore Long
Theodore Robert Long  is an professional wrestling referee manager, who is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand as General Manager.

Bobcat
Bobcat  are fierce cats that live in forests, swamps, mountains, prairie, deserts in much North America.

Emergency Medical
The Emergency Medical  is a job where a person works on an ambulance takes care sick hurt people.

Kuru (disease)
Kuru, also known as Creutzfeld-Jakob Disease, is caused by cannibalism.

Kuru,d
Kuru is a town in countryd.

It Is Well with My Soul
It Is Well With My Soul When peace a river, attendeth my way, When sorrows sea billows roll; Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say, It isll, it isll, with my soul.

Jacksonip, New Jersey
Jacksonip is a township in County, New Jersey, United States.

Jackson (name)
For other uses, see Jackson.

Pistosaurus
Pistosaurus longaevus is a genus acuatic sauropterygian reptile belonging to plesiosaurder.

Party
Ay is a social gathering for celebration recreation.

LNER Class A4
The LNER Class A4 was a type steam locomotive made ind in 1935.

Old Firm
The Old Firm is given to relationship between two football teams ind, Rangers F.C.

Gretna F.C.
Gretna Football Club is a football club from Gretna, Dumfries Galloway that was founded in 1946.

Pillar (band)
Pillar is a Grammy-nominated rock band in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Captain (sports)
In team sports, a captain is a title given to member team who has to make choices about strategy teamwork while a game is happening.

ZIP (fileat)
The ZIP fileat is a popular lossless data compression archivalat created by Phil Katz, founder PKWARE.

Ben Roethlisberger
Ben Roethlisberger , nicknamed Big Ben, is an football quarterback.

Staphylococcus aureus
Staphylococcus aureus is common cause staph infections.

Compound (linguistics)
In linguistics, a compound is a word that consists more than stem.

1950-51 NHL season
The 1950–51 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Seabed
The seabed  is bottom ocean.

The Telling
"The Telling" is a 2000 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.

Anti-tobacco movement in Naziy
Naziy started a strong anti-tobacco movement led public anti-smoking campaign in modern history.

1992-93 NHL season
The 1992–93 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Athanasian Creed
The Creed is a statement faith.

Acanthopholis
Acanthopolis  was an armored, quadrupedal , plant-eating dinosaur from early Cretaceous period.

Noasaurus
Noasaurus was a carnivorous dinosaur meat-eater.

Astrodon
Astrodon  was a long-necked plant-eating dinosaur,, a sauropod that was about 30? feet  long.

Autobus
An Autobus  is a car.

Cerbu River (Gilort)
The Cerbu River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Turburea River (Gilort)
The Turburea River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Cocorova River
The Cocorova River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Arpadia River (Gilort)
The Arpadia River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Valea Iepei River (Gilort)
The Valea Iepii River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Zopana River
Thea River is a tributary Bega River inia.

Redeiu River
The Redeiu River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Valea Rea River (Gilort)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Birchii River
The Birchii River is a tributary Albioara River inia.

Roşia River (Crişul Negru)
The Roşia River Valea Roşie River  is a tributary Crişul Negru inia.

Meziad River
The Meziad River is a tributary Roşia River inia.

Dragu River (Almaş)
The Dragu River is a tributary Almaş River inia.

Târnava River
The Târnava  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Praid River
The Praid River is a tributary Târnava Mică River inia.

Corund River
The Corund River is a tributary Târnava Mică River inia.

Lolaia River
The Lolaia River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Ciorganul River
Theul River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Staicu River
The Staicu River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Bilele River
The Bilele River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Mill (currency)
A MILL, MIL MILLE is 1/10th a US cent 1/1000th a US Dollar.

Historymir
Bounded by, China,, over a mere thirty-mile strip land in south-east, by Republic India, State Jammumir is highly contested a disputed territory claimed only by.

OpenSUSE
openSUSE, , is a community project, sponsored by Novell AMD, to develop maintain a general purpose Linux distribution.

Boer War
The Boer War was a war between Britain Boers  in southern Africa.

Pioneer movement
Pioneer movements are movements for children adolescents.

Peter Lalor
Peter Lalor  was leader Eureka Stockade rebellion, Australia's few violent protests seen by many as start democracy in Australia.

Knoppix
Knoppix, KNOPPIX, is a Linux distribution based on started directly from a CD / DVD.

Johor
Johor (alt.

Clavicle
The clavicle is a long bone that is shoulder.

Emergency contraception
Emergency contraception is a contraception that can be taken by woman after sex.

Reason
Reason reasoning is a way thinking that uses logic facts.

Paul Kruger
Stephanusnes Paulus Kruger   was presidentsvaal Republic  from 1880 to 1900.

Bridgeview, Illinois
Bridgeview is a village in Illinois in United States.

Xfce
Xfce  is a free software desktop environment for Unix other Unix-like platforms, such as Linux, Solaris BSD.

Jammu region
Jammu  is three regions comprising's southernmost area Azadmir Occupiedmir.

Linux Mint
Linux Mint is a Linux distribution for desktop computers based on compatible with.

1991-92 NHL season
The 1991–92 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Dilong (dinosaur)
Dilong  is a genus carnivorous dinosaur.

1990-91 NHL season
The 1990–91 NHL season was regular season National Hockey League.

Eddie Giacomin
Edward Giacomin  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who York Rangers Detroit Red Wings in National Hockey League, asll as for Providence Reds Hockey League.

World Hockey Association
The World Hockey Association  was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979.

National Hockey Association
The National Hockey Association  was a professional ice hockey league with teams in Ontario Quebec, Canada.

Gray
Gray grey is color black white mixed together.

Cent (currency)
In many currencies, cent is a monetary unit that is same as 1/100 normal unit.

Gilles Villemure
Gilles Villemure  is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Gary Smith
Gary "Suitcase" Smith, a professional ice hockey goaltender, was born in Ottawa, Ontario on February 4, 1944.

Ciocadia River
The Ciocadia River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Capra River (Gilort)
The Capra River is a tributary Ciocadia River inia.

Ghia River
The Ghia River is a tributary Ciocadia River inia.

Socu River
The Socu River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Purcari River
The Purcari River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Nirajul Mic River (Câmpu Cetăţii)
The Nirajul Mic River is a headwater Niraj River inia.

Nirajul Mic River (Miercurea Nirajului)
The Nirajul Mic River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Dorna River (Niraj)
The Dorna River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Nirajul Mare River
The Nirajul Mare River is a headwater Niraj River inia.

Richard Sevigny
Richard Sevigny  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who Canadiens Quebec Nordiques in National Hockey League.

Te Deum
The Te Deum is a hymn.

Denis Herron
Denis Herron (b.

John Hunter
John Hunter , Royal Navy admiralor New South Wales.

Good (philosophy)
In philosophy,thing is if it is important valuable.

3256 Daguerre
3256 Daguerre  is a Main belt asteroid that was found on September 26, 1980 by Skiff, B.

Crişul Negru River
The Crişul Negru  Fekete-Körös  is a riversternia, inia.

Bistra River (Timiş)
The Bistra River is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Clocotici River
The Clocotici River is a tributary Gelug River inia.

Cheremosh River
The River  is a tributary Prut River in bothia Ukraine.

Cozia River
The Cozia River is a tributary Bohotin River inia.

Bazga River
The Bazga River is a tributary Bohotin River inia.

Beica River (Olt)
The Beica River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Catechism Catholic Church
The "Catechism Catholic Church", "CCC", is anficial explanation teachings Catholic Church.

Derek Jeter
Derek Jeter  is an Major League Baseball player.

Gaura Dracului River
The Gaura Dracului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea cu Pruni River
The Valea de Pruni River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Hurez River (Olt)
The Hurez River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Canalul Oporelu
The Canalul Oporelu  is a man-made  canal built by right bank dike Arceşti Lake.

Task
In common language, a task isthing you want to accomplish finish, such as trying to complete a problem an assignment.

Hotaru River (Măieruş)
The Hotaru River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Seaca River (Olt)
The Seaca River Pârâul Sec is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea lui Vlad River
The Valea lui Vlad River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Podu Mare River (Malnaş)
The Podu Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Mare River (Malnaş)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Homorod River (Dumbrăviţa)
The Homorod River Ciucaş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Mare River (Dopca)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Muntelui River (Olt)
The Valea Muntelui River Sărata River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Avrig River
The Avrig River is a tributary Olt River inia.

D. James Kennedy
Dennis James Kennedy (or D.

In Touch Ministries
InTouch Ministries is agelicalganization started by Dr.

Parramatta, New South Wales
Parramatta is a suburb 23 kilometresst Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

Shortstop
Shortstop  is a fielding position played in baseball.

List Major League Baseball teams by payroll
This is a list Major League Baseball teams, ranked byir total salary as 2008.

Dave Mustaine
Dave Mustaine  is guitarist singer for thrash metal band, Megadeth.

Darling River
The Darling River is Australia's longest river.

Kanfen
Kanfen is a village ince near Thionville.

Erasmus Darwin
Erasmus Darwin , was a scientist, poet, inventor a medical doctor.

Kowloon
Kowloon is 3 mains Hong Kong.

New Territories
New Territories is 3 mains Hong Kong.

San Luis Potosí
San Luis Potosí is a state in central Mexico.

Morelos
Morelos is a state in central Mexico.

Michoacán
Michoacán is a state in south-west Mexico.

Paul Pena
Paul Pena  was an singer, songwriter guitarist.

Colima (state)
Colima is a state inst Mexico.

Creole language
A creole language  is a stable language that comes from a nativized pidgin.

Baseball uniform
A baseball uniform is a special uniform that baseball playersar.

Guerrero
Guerrero is a state in south Mexico.

Coahuila
Coahuila is a state in north Mexico.

Durian
A durian is a fruit with a strong smell.

Hidalgo
Hidalgo is a state in central Mexico.

Getdeb
Getdeb is an Ubuntu software portal with ready-to-install applications in Ubuntu's default .deb packageat.

Los Angeles Angels Anaheim
The Los Angeles Angels Anaheim are a Major League Baseball team based in Anaheim, California.

Deb (fileat)
deb is extension software packageatten binary packages.

Y chromosome
The Y chromosome is sex-determining chromosome in mammals, including humans.

Ćevapčići
Ćevapčići Ćevapi  in regions, is a dish made grilled meat.

Louise Farrenc
Louise Farrenc  was a French composer, virtuoso pianist teacher.

64 Studio
64 Studio is a free Linux distribution based on made for creative users on x86-64 legacy 32-bit hardware architectures.

AbulÉdu
AbulÉdu is a French Linux distribution made for classrooms.

Utah State University
Utah State University  is a public university in, Utah, USA.

British Medical Journal
The Medical Journal  is a popular peer-reviewed general medical journal.

DNA (newspaper)
"Daily News Analysis"  is a language newspaper published from Mumbai.

Baltix
"Baltix GNU/Linux" is a Linux distribution a complete, user-friendly operating system for people, based on ubuntu.

The Times India
"The Times India" is a language newspaper published in India.

Hindustan Times
"Hindustan Times" is a language newspaper published in India.

The
"The" is a language newspaper published in India.

Live CD
A Live CD LiveCD CD Live Distro is a computer operating system that is executed upon boot, without installation to a hard disk drive.

Deccan Herald
"Deccan Herald" is a language newspaper published from Karnataka.

P.S.V. Eindhoven
Philips Sport Vereniging , widely known either as PSV PSV Eindhoven, is a sports club from Eindhoven,ds.

BeatrIX
BeatrIX is a GNU/Linux,live CD based Linux distribution started by Steven Watsky, it was very simple, inder to be as easy to use as possible to new users.

DeMuDi
DeMuDi  is a defunct Linux distribution based on with improvements for music, sound video production.

Dreamlinux
Dreamlinux is a Linux distribution based on.

Cluniac Reforms
The Cluniac  Reform was a series changes within medieval monasticism.

EBox
eBox Platform is an open source distribution development framework, based on Linux operating system, made to manage services in a computer network.

Elive
Elive is a Linux distribution based on for legacy commodity hardware.

Thomas Friends
"Thomas & Friends"  is a children's television series.

Modern history
Modern history is history era i.e.

Feather Linux
Feather Linux, created by Robert, is a Knoppix-based Linux distribution which fits in under 128 MB .

Trutnov
Trutnov is a city in Hradec Králové Region Czech Republic.

Rose window
Rose window is a word a round window.

Ageing
Ageing  is changes occur in an individual over time.

Physical attractiveness
Physical attractiveness means different physical characteristics that different people consider to be in other humans.

Souvenir
A souvenir , memento keepsake is an object a traveler brings home for memories that was createdre.

Jammu
Jammu is a city in Jammumir on banks Tawi River which is a tributary Chenab River.

St.'s Cathedral, Passau
St.

Binomial expansion
Binomial expansion uses an expression to make a series.

Pashto language
Pashto , also rendered as Pakhto,to, Pukhto,toe,tu,tu,itoo also known asi[4][5]) is an Indo language spoken bytuns living in,s Occupiedmir.

Shina language
Population 300,000 in .

Boudry Department
Boudry is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Kogho Department
Boudry is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Méguet Department
Méguet is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Mogtédo Department
Mogtédo is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Salogo Department
Salogo is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Leh
Leh was capital kingdom Ladakh, now Leh District in state Occupiedmir, Asia.

Zam Department
Zam is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Zorgho Department
Zorgho is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Srinagar (Iqbalabad)
Iqbalabad Srinagar is a city in Jammumir,India.

Zoungou Department
Zoungou is a department commune Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.

Anantnag
Anantag, also called Islamabad , is a city a municipality in Islamabad District in state Jammumir, India.

Religions
Religious minorities may only 3%'s population, but in business, education, medicine artsir contribution is significant.

Dosia
Dosia is a laundry detergent.

1511 Daléra
1511 Daléra  is a Main belt asteroid that was found on March 22, 1939 by Boyer, L at Algiers.

13283 Dahart
13283 Dahart  is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Creston, Iowa
Creston is a city in county seat Union County, Iowa, United States.

Fate (opera)
"Fate" , is an opera by Czech composer Leoš Janáček.

Dwarf allosaur
"Dwarf allosaur" is a speciesropod dinosaur that lived in Australia about 106 million years ago in Cretaceous period.

Social network service
A social network service is absite where people talk to, network with other people.

Spa town
A spa town, simply spa, is a town that many people go to for health reasons.

List Major League Baseball players
This is a list Major League Baseball players by last.

Vallon-Pont-d'Arc
Vallon-Pont-d'Arc is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Ain
Ain is a department ince.

Aisne
Aisne is a department ince.

Allier
Allier is a department ince.

Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence is a department ince.

Hautes-Alpes
Hautes-Alpes is a department ince.

Valea Caselor River (Olt)
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Ardennes (department)
Ardennes is a department ince.

Ariège
Ariège  is a department in southwesternced after Ariège River.

Valea Priboiului River
The Valea Priboiului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Aube
Aube is a department ince.

Valea Satului River (Olt)
The Valea Satului River Valea Colţii River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Aude
Aude  is a department in south-centralced after Aude River.

Valea Satului River (Jiblea)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Aninoasa River (Olt)
The Aninoasa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Iovanul River
Theul River is a tributary Baraolt River inia.

Bradu River (Baraolt)
The Bradu River is a tributary Baraolt River inia.

Choveş River
The Choveş River is a tributary Bradu River inia.

Ulmul River (Baraolt)
The Ulmul River is a tributary Bradu River inia.

Tautavel man
Tautavel man is an extinct hominian.

Baseball glove
A baseball glove, mitt, is a leather glove that baseball players use to catch a baseball that are hit by a batter thrown by a fielder.

Product (chemistry)
A product is result a chemical reaction.

Cy Young Award
In baseball, Cy Young Award is an honor given to pitcher in Major League Baseball.

Zamora River (Prahova)
The Zamora River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Retevoi River
The Retevoi River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Cazacu River
The Cazacu River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Urechea River
The Urechea River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Ermeneasa River
The Ermeneasa River is a tributarya River inia.

Ciurezu River
The Ciurezu River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Joseph Chamberlain
Joseph Chamberlain , was an important businessman a politician.

Pendulum
A pendulum is a mass  on an arm, .

Trepteanca River
Theca River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Mare River (Drăgoeşti)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Clocociov River
The Clocociov River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Oraciu River
The Oraciu River Orociu River is a tributary Pustnic River inia.

Ortelec River
The Ortelec River is a tributary Agrij River inia.

Creaca River
The Creaca River is a tributary Ortelec River inia.

Susai River (Azuga)
The Susai River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Peceneaga River
The Peceneaga River is a tributary Bistra Mărului River inia.

Baicu River (Iza)
The Baicu River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Ieud River
The Ieud River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Inzel River
The Inzel River is a tributary Aiud River inia.

Bedeleu River
The Bedeleu River is a tributary Inzel River inia.

Finnix
Finnix is a based Live CD Linux distribution, developed by Finnie administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery, network monitoring OS installation.

Gibraltar (Linux distribution)
Gibraltar Firewall is a Linux distribution based on.

Mandible
The mandible is a bone found in vertebrates.

Homo heidelbergensis
"Homo heidelbergensis"  is an extinct species genus "Homo".

Austen Chamberlain
Sir Joseph Austen Chamberlain, KG  was a politician.

Tabasco
Tabasco is a state in south-west Mexico About 2,000,000 people livere.

Silent barter
Silent barter is is done when traders who cannot speak each other's language can trade without talking.

Tamaulipas
Tamaulipas is a state in northeast Mexico.

Zacatecas
Zacatecas is a state in central Mexico.

Petal
A petal is coloreds a flower.

Marigold
Species with common marigold include members Asteraceae asll as other plant families.

Moisturizer
A moisturiser  is a liquid that is skin.

Vidalia onions
Vidalia onions are native to Toombs County, Georgia.

Hardcover
A hardcover is a book.

Straw
Straw is a type grass.

Breathing
Breathing takes oxygen in carbon dioxide body.

Cheeseburger
A cheeseburger is a hamburger with cheese on it.

Calorie
The "calorie" is a pre-SI unit energy, common in heat.

Portland, Maine
Portland is city in U.S.

Coweta County, Georgia
Coweta County is a county in U.S.

Intoxication
Intoxication is state being affected by more psychoactive drugs.

Gilgit District
The Gilgit District is bounded by Corridor  in north,g  in north northeast, Skardu District in south southeast.

Zoë (Sesame Street)
Zoë is Elmo's friend on Sesame Street.

Driveway
A drivewayly means a road that leads to a house.

Olympia Snowe
Olympia Snowe  was Senate in 1994, that made her woman in United States's history in both houses state legislature both houses Congress, woman Senator in history to represent Maine.

Ghanche District
Ghanche District is easternmost district Areas,.

Polyester
Polyester is a type material which clothes are made.

Bowdon, Georgia
Bowdon is a city in Carroll County, Georgia, United States.

She
She is a-person singular pronoun about a female.

Law enforcement
Law enforcement is another way talking about work policeficers.

Ghizar District
Ghizar District is northernmost Areas.

Evening
The evening is period in which daylight is decreasing, between late afternoon night.

Sesame Street
Sesame Street is a children's television series that uses muppets.

Baltistan District
Baltistan District is currently constitutes six districts Areas.

Arthur Davidson
Arthur Davidson  is four co-founders Harley-Davidson Motorcycles.

Diamir District
The Diamir District is a-order administrative divisioni-controlled territory known as Areas is district in which Karakoram Highway enters that territory from's NWFP.

Parade
A parade is a group people who all walk together, usually down a street road.

Pokémon Diamond Pearl
"Pokémon Diamond Pearl" are two role-playing games made by Game Freak published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS handheld.

Bengal cat
Bengal cats are a hybrid  breed cat.

Pokémon Red Blue
and, released in as "Pokémon Red", are two role-playing games.

Pokémon Gold Silver
"Pokémon Gold" "Silver" are two role-playing games made by Game Freak published by Nintendo for Game Boy Color handheld.

Waveform
The waveform is shape a wave as it travels.

Pokémon Ruby Sapphire
"Pokémon Ruby" "Sapphire" are two role-playing games made by Game Freak published by Nintendo for Game Boyce handheld.

Wii Sports
"Wii Sports" is a sports game made by Nintendo for Wii system.

Manchester Airport
Manchester Airport is a major airport in Manchester,d.

Heaton Park
Heaton Park is municipal park in Greater Manchester region, in both United Kingdom Europe.

Super Mario Bros. 3
"Super Mario Bros.

Super Mario World
"Super Mario World" is a platform game made by Nintendo for Super NES system.

GnuLinEx
gnuLinEx, LinEx, is a Linux distribution based on which uses GNOME as its desktop.

University Manchester
The University Manchester is a university in Manchester,d.

Manchester Ship Canal
The Manchester Ship Canal is a wide, long, river navigation in North Westd, opened on 21 May 1894.

Áo dài
The aodai  is national costume Vietnam for women.

Kanotix
Kanotix, also KANOTIX, is a Linux distribution Live CD  based on  with advanced hardware detection.

Sokoto
Sokoto is a city in northwest Nigeria, near to where Sokoto River Rima River meet.

Moca, Republic
The dominican city Moca is head municipality Espaillat province, located in Cibao Valley.

Niger Delta
The Niger Delta, delta Niger River, is an area where many people live in Nigeria.

Batting (baseball)
In baseball, batting is act going against other team's pitcher trying to hit baseball ball.

My Happy Ending
My Happy Ending is a song written produced by Avril Lavigne Butch Walker for Lavigne's album, Under My Skin .

Club (weapon)
A club  is aapon.

Parental advisory
Parental Advisory is a sticker that tells parents thatthing may not be suitable for children.

Itzhak
Itzhak  is an Israeli violinist.

Keep Holding On
Keep Holding On is a 2006 song by Avril Lavigne.

Telstra
Telstra is national telecom service in Australia.

Maxim Vengerov
Maxim Vengerov  is a famous violinist.

Doctor Zoidberg
Doctor Zoidberg is a fictional character from 1999 television show "Futurama".

Rudi Dutschke
Rudi Dutschke born Alfred Willi Rudi Dutschke  was a spokesperson left-wing student movement 1960s.

Cinculeasa River
The Cinculeasa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Lunca Mare River
The Lunca Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Madicea River
The Madicea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Loc River (Madicea)
The Loc River is a tributary Madicea River inia.

Groapa Apei River
The Groapa Apei River is a tributary Madicea River inia.

Hidegviz River
The Hidegviz River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Mitaciul River
The Mitaciul River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Mitaciul Mare River
The Mitaciul Mare River is a headwater Mitaciul River inia.

Mitaciul Mic River
The Mitaciul Mic River is a headwater Mitaciul River inia.

Valea Mare River (Sâncrăieni)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Murgul Mic River
The Murgul Mic River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Murgul Mare River
The Murgul Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Baciului River (Olt)
The Valea Baciului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Porcu River (Uria)
The Porcu River is a tributary Fericea River inia.

Sportswear
Sportswear is clothing, including footwear, worn for playing sports to exercise.

Uniform number (Major League Baseball)
Uniform numbers are identify different baseball players's coach's.

New York Knickerbockers (baseball)
The New York Knickerbockersreganized baseball teams who played baseball rules that are still used today.

Los Angeles Dodgers
The Los Angeles Dodgers are a Major League Baseball team in Los Angeles, California, USA.

Oakland Athletics
Thed Athletics are a professional Major League Baseball team based ind, California.

Pittsburgh Pirates
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Pittsburgh,ia.

Lupul River (Uria)
The Lupul River is a tributary Uria River inia.

Izvorul Mic River
The Izvorul Mic River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Belinul Mic River
The Belinul Mic River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Belinul Mare River
The Belinul Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Langa River
The Langa River is a tributary Teslui River inia.

Potopin River
The Potopin River is a tributary Teslui River inia.

Valea Ursului River (Lotrioara)
The Valea Ursului River is a headwater Lotrioara River inia.

Valea Rea River (Lotrioara)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Valea Sasului River (Lotrioara)
The Valea Sasului River Sasul River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Porcescu River
The Porcescu River is a headwater Argel River inia.

Rediu River (Albuia)
The Rediu River is a tributary Albuia River inia.

Arinoasa River
The Arinoasa River is a tributary Albuia River inia.

Crişul Pietros River
The Crişul Pietros River is a tributary Crişul Negru River inia.

Valea Mare River (Aleu)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Aleu River inia.

Rent (musical)
"Rent" is a musical show based on an opera called La Boheme.

Coach (sport)
In sports, a coach manager is an person who directs, instructs trains a team other person.

Manny Ramirez
Manuel Aristides "Manny" Ramírez Onelcida  is an Major League Baseball player.

Alfonsoo
Alfonso Guilleardo  is a professional Major League Baseball player.

Linspire
Linspire, also known as LindowsOS , is a commercial Linux distribution based on Linux .

Maemo
maemo  is a project that oversees developmentet Tablet OS maemo application development platform.

MEPIS
MEPIS  is a set Linux Distributions distributed as Live CDs.

St. Louis Cardinals
The St.

NepaLinux
NepaLinux is a Morphix based Linux distribution focused on desktop usage in Nepali language computing.

Monsters, Inc.
"Monsters, Inc." is a 2001 movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios.

Durango
Durango is a state in northwest Mexico.

Girlfriend (disambiguation)
A girlfriend is a female friend romanticner.

Bohemian Rhapsody
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song by classic rock band Queen.

School Rock
"School Rock" is a 2003 film starring Jack Black.

Bay Area Rapidsit
The Bay Area Rapidsit is a heavy rail public rapid transit system that serves Bay Area in northern California.

Betty Davis
Betty Davis was funk-soul singer, famous in 70's.

Let Go (album)
Let Go is pop singer Avril Lavigne's album.

Anshan
Anshan  was an ancient town in today's in province Fars.

Universityd
The Universityd is a public university in College Park,d.

Mario Football
"Mario Football"  is a 2005 football video game made by Next Level Games published by Nintendo for Nintendo GameCube game console.

Mario Strikers Charged
"Mario Strikers Charged Football"  is a 2007 football video game made by Next Level Games published by Nintendo for Wii game console.

Clubhouse Games
Clubhouse Games is a 2006 video game published by Nintendo developed by Agenda.

Halifax Explosion
The Halifax explosion took place on December 6, 1917 when a French cargo ship with explosives collided with a ship in harbor in Halfaix, Nova Scotia, Canada.

Kassite
The Kassites re an ancient people from Zagros mountains.

The Kassite dynasty Babylon
After Kassite tribes took over city Babylon in 1750 BCE, Kassites raid political power in Babylon butyre soon babylonized.

Rhythm Tengoku
is a-only music video game/mini-game-collection.

Rhythm Heaven
"Rhythm Tengoku Gold" is a music video game made by Nintendo for Nintendo DS handheld game console.

Caricature
A caricature  is a portrait drawing a person that exaggerates wayy look, usually to create a humorous effect, a political statement.

Cincinnati Red Stockings
The Cincinnati Red Stockings 1869re baseball's all-professional team.

Eddie Gaegel
Edward Carl "Eddie" Gaedel , born in Chicago, Illinois, was an man who was a midget who became famous for playing in a Major League Baseball game.

No religion
No religion  is term that describes a person who does not have a specific religion.

Phở
Phở is a traditional rice-noodle soup dish.

Company
A company is a businessganization.

Anti-social behaviourder
An ASBO, an Antisocial behaviourder, is a legal term for ander that people from being anti-social, which means to cause distress alarm  to other people that do not live in same place asmselves, according to Crime & Disorder Act.

Foibe massacres
Foibe massacres are context mass killings in which majority victimsre ethnics.

Istrian exodus
The expression exodus is diaspora forced migration ethnics from Istria, Rijeka, Dalmatia, after World War II.

Kochi, India
Kochi is a city in state Kerala, in India.

Italian cultural historic presence in Dalmatia
Italian cultural historic presence in Dalmatia is in Montenegrin Dalmatia, from historical cultural points view.

Frugivore
A frugivore is an animal that feeds on fruit.

Italian language in Croatia
The language is spoken language  in Republic Croatia today.

Objectivism
Objectivism is a political idea that was started by Ayn Rand.

Dike (goddess)
Dike is Greek goddess moral justice.

Dalmatia
Dalmatia is a region Peninsula along Adriatic Sea.

Konrad Lorenz
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz  was an zoologist, animal psychologist,nithologist Nobel Prize winner.

Virtualization
Virtualization  is a word used in Computing.

Dalmatians
Dalmatians ares whose family comes from Dalmatia in today's Republic Croatia.

Chukar
The Chukar  is a upland gamebird in pheasant familyidaeder Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.

Soral
Soral is a municipality Canton Geneva,d.

Bratz Girlz Really Rock! (video game)
"Bratz Girlz Really Rock!" is an upcoming rhythm game being made by Blitz Games with other help from THQ.

The Matrix Reloaded
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 film written directed by Wachowski brothers.

Get Smart
"Get Smart" was a television series that was shown on NBC from September 18, 1965 to April 12, 1969.

AFL-CIO
The Federation Labor Congress Industrializations, called AFL-CIO, is a group labor unions in United States Canada.

List mathematical symbols
Some Basic Mathematical Symbols.

Jonas Brothers
The Jonas Brothers are an christian Pop band from Wyckoff, New Jersey.

Artificial turf
Artificial turf, synthetic turf, is a man-made  surface made from synthetic materials, made to look natural grass.

Newgrange
Newgrange is a Megalithic Passage Tomb atge was built about 3200 BC.

Cotmeana River
Thea River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Tecuci River
The Tecuci River Zlatcu River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Teleorman River
The River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Eiul River
The Eiul River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Cupen River
The Cupen River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Plapcea River
The Plapcea River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Osica River
The Osica River is a tributary Plapcea River inia.

David Ortiz
David Américo Ortiz Arias  is a Major League Baseball designated hitter who is currently playing for Boston Red Sox.

Mumtaz Mahal
Arjumand Banu Begum  was wife Shah, Mughal emperor.

Imam
An imam  is an Islamic leader,ten leader a mosque/or community.

Earthsea
Earthsea is a fictional place made by Ursula K.

OpenZaurus
OpenZaurus is a-based embedded Linux distribution for Sharp Zaurus personal mobile tool PDA.

Dan Simmons
Dan Simmons  is an writer known for his Hugo Award-winning series calledHyperion Cantos, for his Locus-winning Olympos cycle.

Hyperion Cantos
The Hyperion Cantos is a series science fiction books thatre written by Dan Simmons.

Hyperion
Hyperion is a in Greek mythology.

Hyperion (book)
Hyperion is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons in 1989.

The Fall Hyperion
"The Fall Hyperion" is science fiction book in his Hyperion Cantos series by Dan Simmons.

Endymion (Hyperion)
Endymion is science fiction book written by Dan Simmons in his Hyperion Cantos series.

The Rise Endymion
The Rise Endymion is a 1997 science fiction book by Dan Simmons.

Predicate logic
Predicate logic is a system mathematical logic.

Arapaho language
The Arapaho language  is a Plains language  spoken by elders in Wyoming.

Assamese language
Assamese   is easternmost Indo language, spoken in state Assam in North-East India.

Avar language
The Avar language  belongs to Avar-Andi-Tsez subgroup Northeast  language family.

Azerbaijani language
Thei language, also called Azeri, Azari, Azeri Turkic,i Turkic, is a Turkic language that is spoken in northwestern.

Bashkir language
Thekir language is a Turkic language.

Od (Language)
Od  is a language spokenly about Sindh in a few in southern Punjab.

Ilium/Olympos
Ilium/Olympos is a science fiction series that was written by Dan Simmons.

Ilium (book)
"Ilium" is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons.

Podu Mare River (Racoş)
The Podu Mare River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Homorod River (Homorod)
The Homorod River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Homorodul Mic River
The Homorodul Mic River is a headwater Homorod River inia.

Homorodul Mare River
The Homorodul Mare River is a headwater Homorod River inia.

Daia River (Homorod)
The Daia River is a tributary Homorodul Mare River inia.

Olympos (book)
"Olympos" is a book that was written by Dan Simmons in 2005, is sequel to "Ilium" It is a science fiction book that ends series Olympos.

Valea Mare River (Homorod)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Homorod River inia.

Gorganu River (Homorod)
Theu River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Oierii River
The Oierii River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Zeifăn River
The Zeifăn River is a tributary Homorod River inia.

Scroafa River
The Scroafa River is a tributary Archita River inia.

Râul Tare
The Râul Tare is a tributary Scroafa River inia.

Vaidnei River
The Vaidnei River is a tributary Scroafa River inia.

Cloaşterf River
The Cloaşterf River is a tributary Scroafa River inia.

Flosa River
The Flosa River is a tributary Scroafa River inia.

Saschiz River
The Saschiz River is a tributary Scroafa River inia.

Valemir
The valemirmir Valley is set in lap famous Himalayas, towering to 18500 feet, with sinuous Jhelum river cutting across in coils curvesing highway tha main source sustenance.

Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto
Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ,  was ai politician who served as President from 1971 to 1973 as Prime Minister from 1973 to 1977.

Pothohar Plateau
The Pothohar Plateau   is a plateau in Punjab,.

Pahari
Pahari  is a word for a number dialects spoken across range, not single country.

Bose–Einstein statistics
In statistical mechanics, Bose-Einstein statistics  finds statistical spread identical  indistinguishable  bosons over energy states inrmal equilibrium.

Activision
"Activision" is an video game company.

OXO
"OXO" is a tic-tac-toe video game, video game ever made.

Will Wright (game developer)
"Will Wright"  is an video game developer is co-founder Maxis, now a Electronic Arts.

Pikmin
"Pikmin" is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for GameCube game console.

Pikmin 2
"Pikmin 2" is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for Nintendo GameCube game console.

Sid Meier
"Sid Meier"  is an video game developer,ll-known for his real-time strategy games.

Ralph H. Baer
"Ralph H.

Pong
"Pong" is a video game made by Atari.

Nolannell
"Nolannell"  is a electrical engineer entrepreneur.

Dragon Warrior
"Dragon Warrior"  is a role-playing video game made by Chunsoft published by Enix Corporation Nintendo America for Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

X2 (movie)
"X2"  is a 2003 superhero movie.

Pete Young
Bryan Owen "Pete" Young  is a right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who Expos in 1992 1993.

Howard Florey
Howard Walter Florey  was an scientist who won Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1945, for his study into penicillin.

Steam locomotive
A steam locomotive is a type steam engine used on railways.

Conjunction
A conjunction is a type word, a speech, which joins two phrases clauses together.

Soanian
The is an archaeological site that is dated to  early stone age.

Richard Hakluyt
Richard Hakluyt  (c.

The Moslem Advent (Pakistan)
Beginnings.

16996 Dahir
16996 Dahir  is a Main belt asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Ashurbanipal
Ashurbanipal , son Esarhaddon, was last great king Neo Empire.

Édouard Daladier
Édouard Daladier  was a French socialist politician, Prime Ministerce at start Second World War.

1989-90 NHL season
The 1989–90 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Munich agreement
The Munich Agreement was an agreement betweence, Italy, Naziy Britain.

Dawsond
Dawsond  is an island in Strait thats Tierra del Fuego archipelago, 100 km south city Punta Arenas in Chile, Municipality Punta Arenas.

Strike action
A strike action  is when ae number workers stop working in protest.

Bird flight
Flight is a special way flying done by birds such.

Super Mario Land
"Super Mario Land" is a platform video game made by Nintendo for Game Boy game console.

Mario (series)
The "Mario" series is a series popular platform games by Nintendo, featuring Nintendo's mascot Mario, in games, his brother Luigi.

Palindrome
A palindrome is a word, sentence, number that reads same from left to right as from right to left.

Environmentalism
Environmentalism is both a philosophy a social movement that is about protecting nature.

Samurai Champloo
Samurai Champloo  is a fierce animal-like warrior with a unique Bboying  inspired fighting style.

Chris Thile
Chris Thile   is an musician, known as a member acoustic band Nickel Creek.

Košice
Košice  is city in Slovakia.

Teamsters
Theational Brotherhood Teamsters  is an labor union truck drivers.

Boyfriend (disambiguation)
A boyfriend can mean aner in a romantic relationship in which two people are not other; an intimate friend who is usually a man; any male friend.

Entente cordiale
The "Entente cordiale"  was a number agreements signed on 8 April 1904 between United Kingdomce.

Parma Wallaby
The Parma Wallaby  is macropus genus.

Triple Entente
the triple entente was atreaty to protect eachother.

Triplece (1882)
The Triplece was a military alliance  betweeny, Austria-Hungary, Italy.

Campus novel
A campus novel, also called academic novel, is a novel that's story is around about a campus a university.

Unsanctum
Unsanctum are a metal band from Liverpool, Merseyside.

Crime fiction
Crime fiction is genre fiction that has to do with crimes,ir solving, criminals,ir reasons for doing crime.

Conscience
Conscience is a ability faculty that can tells people ify are doing is right wrong.

Clare, Suffolk
Clare is a town on north bank River Stour in Suffolk,d.

Bernard Hinault
Bernard Hinault  is a French cyclist who won Tour dece five times.

Doubt
Doubt is a feeling between belief disbelief.

Muzaffarabad
Muzaffarabad is capital Azadmir .

Zoosexuality
Zoosexuality is sexual attraction towards animals.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 1
This is results America's Next Top Model, Cycle 1'".

Post-traumatic stress disorder
Post-traumatic stress disorder  is a disease.

Hugo de Vries
Hugo Marie de Vries  was a Dutch botanist geneticists.

Carl Correns
Carl Erich Correns  was a botanist geneticist.

Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg
Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg  was an agronomist.

Woodward's Wallaroo
Woodward's Wallaroo , also called Black Wallaroo Bernard's Wallaroo, is wallaroos.

Alex Rodriguez
Alexanderuel Rodriguez , also called A-Rod, is a baseball player playing as baseman for New York Yankees.

Alex
Alexened version maleder female versiondria.

Tomatina
La Tomatina is a festival held on last Wednesday August each year in town Buñol in Valencia region Spain.

Wallaroo
A wallaroo is a macropod with its size between kangaroos wallabies.

Zoe (name)
Zoë  is a female which came from ancient Greece means "life" in Greek.

Rick Warren
Richard D.

Antilopine Kangaroo
The Antilopine Kangaroo , also called Antilopine Wallaroo Antilopine Wallaby'", is an animal, ae macropod found only in tropical areas northern Australia.

Synchronizing
Synchronizing means to occur at same time coincide agree in time.

Peptide
Peptides areganic chemical molecules.

Cubic foot
A cubic foot is a measure volume.

Webmin
Webmin is ab-based system configuration tool for OpenSolaris, Linux other Unix-like systems.

Family tree
A family tree is a chart showing family relationships in a tree structure.

Survival fittest
"Survival fittest" is a phrase used by Herbert Spencer in his book "Principles Biology", published in 1864.

Social responses to idea evolution
The idea that all life evolved has been hotly debated, even before Charles Darwin published "On Origin species".

Palembang
Palembang is a city 1,286,000 people in south island Sumatra.

Social Darwinism
Social Darwinism is a term movements.

Beccles
Beccles is a market town in Suffolk,d, around area The Broads.

Lamarckism
Lamarckism  is aory evolution.

Darwinism
Darwinism is a term about different ideas Darwin had about evolution.

Selective breeding
Selective breeding is a technique used when breeding domesticated animals, such as dogs, pigeons cattle.

Istria
Istria ,ly Histria , is peninsula in Adriatic Sea.

Prenatal diagnosis
Prenatal testing Prenatal diagnosis is a word number technolgies.

Compulsory sterilization
Compulösory sterilization is a term that say that certain groups people should be serilized so thaty can no longer have children.

List places in Dalmatia
This is a list language places on coast, including islands up to Rijeka/Fiume.

Malthusianism
Malthusianism is a set ideas developed by Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus.

Greg LeMond
Gregory James "Greg" LeMond  is an cyclist who raced as a professional from 1981 to 1994.

Francis Galton
Sircis Galton F.R.S.

Herbert Spencer
Herbert Spencer  was an philosopher; prominent classical liberal politicalorist; sociologicalorist era.

Rongorongo
Rongorongo is a system writing native to Easterd.

Candle festival
The Candle Festival  is held in Uboni,,d.

Portia tree
The portia tree  Family Malvaceae, is a tree shrub 5-10  m high that is pantropical in littoral environments, although probably native only to Old World.

PAL region
The PAL region is a video game region which covers Australia, Newd, United Kingdom, other countries.

PAL
PAL  is a method to encode color in analogue television broadcasting systems.

Tautology (rhetoric)
In Rhetoric, a tautology is when a meaning is repeated; this isten done using differerent words that say same thing.

Tautology (logic)
In propositional logic, a tautology  is a propositionalula that is true under any possible interpretation.

Toromi
Toromi  is a voice actor, singer, cosplayer, artist who is known for her role as Mii in "Popotan" video games.

Longhorn beetle
The longhorn beetles long-horned beetles  are a family beetles that usually have very long antennae.

Valea Fermelor River
The Valea Fermelor River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Scaunelor River
The Valea Scaunelor River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Muereasca River
The Muereasca River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Dosu River
The Dosu River is a tributary Muereasca River inia.

Macroevolution
Macroevolution is a scale analysis evolution in separated gene pools.

Gene pool
A gene pool is made all possible variations all genes a population.

Transcription (genetics)
Transcription is synthesis RNA under direction DNA.

William Hovell
William Hilton Hovell  was an explorer Australia.

Star Wars prequel trilogy
the Star Wars prequel trilogy is a series three films that was released from 1999 to 2005.

Abbasid Empire
The Abbasid Empire was two great Muslim caliphates Arab Empire.

Seattle Mariners
The Seattle Mariners are an Major League Baseball team from Seattle,ington, United States.

Guanajuato
Guanajuato is a state in central Mexico.

Yucatán
Yucatán is a state in east Mexico.

Caravaggio
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio  was an artist.

Gothic Revival architecture
Gothic Revival architecture is architecture that has been made to look as if it is from Medieval times, but is really much newer.

Lúcio
Lucimar da Silva Ferreira, called Lúcio  is a footballer captain Brazil national football team, for that he has played 67 matches made three goals.

Fluxbuntu
Fluxbuntu is a Linux Distribution made for computers that have hardware.

Saint Dominic
Saint Dominic ,  was founder a Catholic religiousder, Friars Preachers,ten calleds Order Preachers .

John Wayne Gacy
John Wayne Gacy  also known as The Killer Clown, was an serial killer.

Jeffrey Dahmer
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer  was an serial killer.

Bridget Fonda
Bridget Jane Fonda  is an actress.

Takashi Tezuka
 is a video game maker for Nintendo.

Eiji Aonuma
is a video game developer for Nintendo.

Aikido
Aikido is a martial art developed by man Moriheiiba in century.

Blog
Blog is another word forblog.

Carbon nanotube
A carbon nanotube is an allotrope carbon that is shaped a tube carbon atoms.

Witch doctor
A witch doctorten refers to a healer in undeveloped regions who use traditionaltimes date methods rather than modern medicine science.

Klingon
Klingons  are a warrior race in fictional Star Trek universe.

Right-handedness
Someone who is right-handed will useir right-hand for everyday activities, such as writing, keeping personal hygiene, cooking more.

Nurgle
In fictional universes Warhammer 40,000 Warhammer Fantasy, Nurgle is four major Chaos gods.

Zaurus
The Sharp Zaurus is a series Personal Digitalt  made by Sharp Corporation.

Palatine, Illinois
Palatine is a village in state Illinois.

Province Monzaza
The Province Monzaza  is a province Lombardy, Italy.

Apulanta
Apulanta is a rock band fromd.

Al-Andalus
Al-Andalus  was Arabic given tos Peninsula governed by Muslims, Moors, at various times in period between 711 1492.

Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib
`Abbas ibn `Abd al-Muttalib  (c.

Aung San
Aung San  was a revolutionary, nationalist, general, politician.

Kitakyūshū
is a City designated by governmentdinance in Fukuoka Prefecture, Kyūshū,.

I Now Pronounce You Chuck Larry
"I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" (a.k.a.

Knocked Up
"Knocked Up" is a romantic comedy movie made in 2007.

1988-89 NHL season
The 1988–89 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Liar Liar
"Liar Liar" is a comedy movie made in 1997.

Happy Gilmore
"Happy Gilmore" is a sports comedy movie made in 1996.

Apollo 13
Apollo 13 was manned lunar-lander mission, it was NASA's Project Apollo in United States.

Apollo 13 (movie)
Apollo 13 is a 1995 movie that's about failed Apollo 13 mission.

Simon Pegg
Simon John Beckingham  is an award-winning actor, comedian, writer, producer, singer, stand-up comedian, director.

Bela Lugosi
Béla Lugosi , was a famous actor famous for his many roles as Dracula.

Ratatouille (movie)
"Ratatouille"  is an animated movie made in 2007.

Hot Fuzz
"Hot Fuzz" is a action/comedy movie made in 2007.

Shaun Dead
"Shaun Dead" is a zombie-themed romantic comedy movie.

Palace Westminster
The Palace Westminster, also known as Houses Parliament Westminster Palace, in London, is where two Houses Parliament United Kingdom meet.

Pokémon regions
In "Pokémon" video games anime,y take place in different, fictional areas world.

V for Vendetta (movie)
"V for Vendetta" is a 2005 movie.

Colin Montgomery
Colin Montgomery OBE  is a professional golfer on PGA Tour.

North video game crash 1983
The North video game crash 1983  was a major event in history video games where North video game industry had crashed.

Kirby's Dream Land 2
"Kirby's Dream Land 2", known in as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory published by Nintendo for Game Boy game console.

Kirby's Dream Land
"Kirby's Dream Land", called in, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory, Inc.

Mario Kart Wii
is a kart racing video game made by Nintendo for Wii game console.

Wii Fit
"Wii Fit" is an exercise video game made by Nintendo for Wii game console.

Toyotader
The Toyotader is a medium-sized crossover sport utility vehicle sold by Toyota.

Toyota Yaris
The Toyota Yaris is a car made sold by Toyota.

Chrono Trigger
is a role-playing video game made by Square Soft for Super NES game console.

Suzuki Sidekick
The Suzuki Sidekick Suzukid Vitara are sport utility vehicles made by Suzuki.

Hino Motors
Hino Motors, Ltd.

Angrboda
Angrboda  is a giantess in Norse mythology.

Marionette
A marionette is a puppet that people control with strings called a manipulator from above.

Spencer Tunick
Spencer Tunick  is an artist.

Lisieux Cathedral
Lisieux Cathedral is a Cathedral in Lisieux.

Nihon Shoki
The "Nihon Shoki" is an old book.

Speed Racer (movie)
"Speed Racer" is a 2008 action movie.

StarCraft II
"StarCraft II " is a military science fiction real-time strategy video game being made by Blizzard Entertainment for home computers.

Enron
Enron Creditors Recovery Corporation  was an energy company based in Houston, Texas.

Kenneth Lay
Kenneth Lee Lay  was an businessman.

Allele frequency
Allele frecquencies describe how common a certain allelle is in a certain place on a gene in a population.

Allele
An allele , )  is a member a pair series differents a gene.

Belchamp Otten
Belchamp Otten is a village civil parish in Essex,d.

Motherwell F.C.
The Motherwell Football & Athletic Club Ltd.

1987-88 NHL season
The 1987–88 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Sanciscots
The Sanciscots are a Major League Baseball team in.

Naas
An Nás  is county town County Kildare,d.

Leinster
Leinster , Provincesd, lies in eastd comprises counties Carlow, Dublin, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford, Louth, Meath, Offaly, Westmeath, Wexford Wicklow.

Hironobu Sakaguchi
 is a video game developer.

Wiice Board
The Wiice Board  is a balance board accessory made for Nintendo's Wii game console.

Hugo Wolf
Hugo Wolf  13 March, 1860; died Vienna, 22 February 1903) was an composer Sloveneigin.

Rosé Quartet
The Rosé Quartet was a string quarteted by Arnold Rosé in 1882.

Gustav Schäfer
Gustav Schäfer is drummer for band Tokio Hotel.

Gothic fiction
Gothic fiction is a genre writing literature that combiness both horror romance.

Betta splendens
Betta Splendens is a species fish fromd,ten kept in aquariums.

Through Fire Flames
"Through Fire Flames" is single by power metal band DragonForce.

East calligraphy
The East tradition calligraphyiginated developed in China.

Washington Nationals
Theington Nationals are a Major League Baseball team fromington, D.C., United States.

Catcher
A catcher is a position in baseball.

Satin
Satin is a type cloth that has a glossy surface a dull back.

Charles O. Finley
Charles Oscar Finley , nicknamed Charlie O Charley O, was an businessman.

Detroit Wolverines
The Detroit Wolverinesre a century Major League Baseball team that played in National League from 1881 to 1888 in city Detroit.

Flannel
Flannel is a soft woven fabric, various fineness.

American Association (19th century)
The Association  was a baseball major league from 1882 to 1891.

Avril sk8er
"Avril Sk8er" is an upcoming live DVD from Avril Lavigne recorded in Toronto, Canada on April 7, 2008.The DVD consists nineteen songs that Lavigne performed during her "Best Damn Tour" .

Toyota Supra
The Toyota Supra was a sports car made by Toyota from 1979 until 2002.

Anaović
Anaović  born November 6, 1987, in Belgrade, Serbia , is a tennis player.

Women's Tennis Association
The Women's Tennis Association,ed in 1973, is principalganizing body women's professional tennis.

Lewis Hamilton
Lewis Hamilton was born on 7 January 1985.

Todd Bentley
Todd Bentley  is agelical evangelist.

Keir Hardie
James Keir Hardie  was a socialist labour leader, was independent labour Member Parliament  in UK Parliament, seven years before start Labour Party.

Fausto Coppi
Angelo Fausto Coppi  was an racing cyclist.

Hurricane Hazel
Hurricane Hazel was worst hurricane 1954tic hurricane season worst hurricanes century.

Miguel Indurain
Miguel Ángel Indurain Larraya  was a road racing cyclist.

Shimon Peres
Shimon Peres  born August 2, 1923 is President State Israel.

Ehud Olmert
Ehud Olmert  is Prime Minister State Israel.

Kadima Party
Kadima is an Israeli politicaly.

Svetlana Kuznetsova
Svetlanadrovna Kuznetsova  is a professional tennis player who is currently ranked World No.

Jacques Anquetil
Jacques Anquetil , was a French road racing cyclist.

Hour record
The hour record for bicycles is record for longest distance cycled in hour on a bicycle.

Fed Cup
Fed Cup is premier team competition in women's tennis, launched in 1963 to celebrate Anniversaryational Tennis Federation .

Kateryna Bondarenko
Kateryna Volodymyrivna Bondarenko  is a professional female tennis player from Ukraine a doubles champion at Open in 2008.

Melinda Czink
Melinda Czink  is a professional female tennis player.

Maria Kirilenko
Maria Yuryevna Kirilenko  is a professional tennis player.

Volley (tennis)
A volley in tennis is a shot that is hit before ball bounces on ground.

Alberto Contador
Alberto Contador Velasco  is a road bicycle racer fora Team.

Dinara Safina
Dinara Mikhailovna Safina), born April 27, 1986, is a professional tennis player Tatar ethnicity.

Alejandro Valverde
Alejandro Valverde Belmonte  is a road racing cyclist.

Time trial
In many racing sports an athlete will compete  in a time trial.

Markhor
The Markhor  is a goat-antelope.

She's So Unusual
She's So Unusual is solo album by famous 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper.

Betta
"Betta" is a genus fish that includes fighting fish.

Lichtenstein (Saxony)
Lichtenstein is a town in Saxony.

Otogizōshi
Otogizōshi are a group stories with pictures, written in,ly in period between 1392 1573.

Salem, Massachusetts
Salem is a city in Essex Country, in Massachusetts.

Deval Patrick
Deval Patrick was governor Massachusetts in 2006.

Structure Earth
The structure Earth, close to other terrestrial planets, is chemically.

Provisional designation in astronomy
A provisional designation in astronomy is naming convention astronomical objects right aftery are found.

Car sign
A car sign is a sign put on cars to show a statement for a purpose.

Istituto Nazionale di Statistica
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica is national statistical institute Italy.

List Adventures in Odyssey characters
__NOTOC__ The following is a list characters from "Adventures in Odyssey" radio program.

Serve (tennis)
A serve  in tennis is a shot to start a point.

Backhand
The backhand in tennis is a stroke hit by swinging racquet away from body in direction where player wants ball to go.

Academic degree
A degree is any a wide range status levels given by institutions higher education, such as universities, normally as resultly completing a program study.

List WTA number 1 ranked players
This lists all women who have been in world at tennis according to Women's Tennis Association .

Barbour County, Alabama
Barbour County, Alabama is a county U.S.

Monpazier
Monpazier is a city ince.

Coventry City Football Club
Coventry City Football Club wased in 1888 over 100 years latery won FA Cup in 1987.

Sarlat-la-Canéda
Sarlat-la-Canéda  is a city ince.

Hurricane Erika (2003)
Hurricane Erika was atic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern Mexico near Texas-Tamaulipas border.

Bergerac
Bergerac is a city ince.

Sweet Chestnut
Sweet Chestnut,times called Chestnut, Chestnut Chestnut is a family trees.

James S.
James Schoolcraft  was twenty-seventh Vice president United States.

Rainer Küchl
Rainer Küchl  is an violinist professor music.

Wilson Allen Wallis
Wilson Allen Wallis  was an economist statistician.

March Penguins
March Penguins is a documentary about penguins.

Mangrio
Mangrio   is community  common tribe Sindhis living in India.

Enlightenment (Window Manager)
Enlightenment, is a free software/open source window manager for X Window System which can be used alone together with a desktop environment such as GNOME KDE.

Buddhism in
There are no significant buddhist communities left in.

World Series Poker
WSOP World Series Poker is among poker tournaments in gambling world, which has beenganizedficially, in 1970.

OpenDocument
OpenDocument Format  is a computer fileat for word processors, presentation software other computer programs.

Boston College
Boston College is a private university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.

Clemson University
Clemson University is a public university in Clemson, South Carolina.

Virginia Polytechnic Institute State University
Virginia Polytechnic Institute State University  is a public university in Blacksburg, Virginia.

University Virginia
The University Virginia is a public university in Charlottesville, Virginia.

North Carolina State University
North Carolina State University is a public university in Raleigh, North Carolina.

University Miami
The University Miami is a private university in Coral Gables, Florida.

Nagios
Nagios  is a popular open source computer system network monitoring application software.

Egyptian Arabic
Egyptian Arabic  is a Arabic language Semitic branch Afro-Asiatic language family.

Wenedyk
Wenedyk  is a made-up language.

Brithenig
Brithenig is constructed language that was made up by Andrew Smith from Newd in 1996.

EastLink, Melbourne
EastLink is a tollway  in Melbourne, Victoria.

Transport for London
Transport for London  is anganisation that runs public transport network in London.

Jules Joseph Lefebvre
Jules Joseph Lefebvre  was a French figure painter.

Louisiana State University A&M College
Thea State University A&M College is a public university in Baton Rouge,a.

University Kansas
The University Kansas is a public university in Lawrence, Kansas.

Universityia
The Universityia is a private university in Philadelphia,ia.

Wilhelm Wundt
Wilhelm Wundt  was a medical doctor, psychologist, physiologist, professor.

Bean machine
The bean machine, also known as quincunx Galton box, is a machine invented by Sircis Galton to demonstrate law error normal distribution.

Regression analysis
Regression analysis is a field statistics.

Forensic science
Forensic science  is when different fields science work together, usually to answer a question lawyers.

Fingerprint
A fingerprint is a trace a human finger leaves on a surface.

Physical cosmology
Physical cosmology is a branch astronomy.

Ronalder
Sir Ronald Aylmerer, FRS  was an statistician, evolutionary biologist, geneticist.

Urla
Urla is a seaside town in İzmir Provience in Turkey.

Monash Freeway
The Freeway is a major freeway in Melbourne.

The Art War
"The Art War" is a book written by general Sun Tzu in century BC.

Princes Freeway
The Princes Freeway is a freeway in Victoria, Australia.

Sewall Wright
Sewall Green Wright  was an geneticist.

J. B. S.e
John Burdon Sandersone FRS , known as Jack , was a-born geneticist evolutionary biologist.

Tartan
Tartan is a pattern that has criss-crossed horizontal vertical bands in many different colors.

Jeff Tesreau
Charles Monroe "Jeff" Tesreau  was an baseball player.

Tollway
A tollway is a road that drivers must pay to drive on.

Gyakuten Kenji
is an adventure video game that Capcom is going to release for Nintendo DS game console.

Super Punch-Out!! (Super NES)
is a boxing video game made by Nintendo for Super NES game console.

Super Metroid
is an adventure video game developed by R&D1 Intelligent Systems published by Nintendo for Super NES game console.

University at Buffalo
The University at Buffalo is a public university in Buffalo, New York.

Rock Band (video game)
Rock Band is a music video game developed by Harmonix Music Systems, published by MTV Games, distributed by EA Distribution.

Excelsior Brooklyn
The Brooklyn Excelsiorsre an amateur baseball team that played in Brooklyn, New York.

Arbok
Arbok is a made up character from anime video game series Pokémon.

Charizard
Charizard is a character Pokémon anime video game series.

Caterpie
Caterpie is a character in anime video game series called Pokémon.

Bellsprout
Bellsprout is a Pokémon which looks a lot a plant.

Articuno
Articuno is a made up character in Pokémon TV series.

Aerodactyl
Aerodactyl is a fictional character in Pokémon video game series.

Heikon
Heikon  is a footballer FC Schalke 04.

Pope Pius XII
Pope Pius XII (Latin: "Pius PP.

Procyonidae
Procyonidae is a familiyder Carnivora.

Tamburello
Tamburello pallatamburello is a traditional sport Italy since century.

Caniformia
Caniformia is a suborderder Carnivora.

Attribute-value system
An attribute-value system is a basic knowledge representation framework comprising a table with columns designating "attributes"  rows designating "objects" .

Tim
Timothy Henry "Tim" OBE  is a retired tennis player.

Lasi
Region Southeast Province, Las Bela District, about 80 miles north northwest Karachi.

Ormuri
Ormuri is an East language spoken in city Kaniguram in.

Torwali
Region Swat, on both sides Swat River from just beyond north to Asrit , in Chail Valley east, Bahrain Chail are centers.

Sansi
Sansi is spoken in Republic India.

Savi
Region Sau village on Kunar River.

Shinai
Region East bank Indus in District, NWFP, in Jalkot, Palas, Kolai valleys surrounding areas.

Sindhi language
Sindhi  is language Sindh region South Asia, which is a province.

Phalura
Region 7 villages on east side lower Chitral Valley, possibly 1 village in Dir; Purigal, Ghos, Biori Valley, Kalkatak, Ashret.

Purik
Region North Occupiedmir, Kargil District.

West
The province West was created in October 1955 by merger provinces, states tribal areasstern wing.

Ferozpur District
Ferozepur is a district in state Punjab.

Pathankot Tehsil
Pathankot  a city a municipal committee in Gurdaspur district in Punjab State India.

Kori Creek
The Kori Creek is a creek  in Kutch region state Gujarat.

Yonex
 is a maker sporting equipment for badminton, golf tennis, making racquets, clubs, shoes, shuttlecocks, other equipment for sports.

Partition
General Yahya, new Chief Martial Law Administrator, was known for speed with which he disposedever reached his desk.

Toray Pan Pacific Open
The Toray Pan Pacific Open  is a WTA Tour tennis tournaments for women.

Home city ice
Home City Ice is packaged ice manufacturer in United States, serving customers in Ohio, Kentucky,a, West Virginia, Illinois,,ia, Tennessee, New York,d.

Peter Potamus
"Peter Potamus" is a cartoon made by Hanna-Barbera.

Muscovy duck
Cairina moschata is an Anatide from Mexico.

Soaring
Soaring is a mode flight in which height is gained slowly by using air that is moving upwards.

Feliformia
Feliformia is a suborder in mammalder Carnivora.

Eared seal
The eared seals otariids are marine mammals family Otariidae, three pinniped families.

Earless seal
The earless seals true seals are marine mammals family Phocidae, three pinniped families.

Ernst Mayr
Ernst Walter Mayr , was century's leading evolutionary biologists.

Ovis
Ovis is a genus subfamily Caprinae, family Bovidae.

Aberdeen F.C.
Aberdeen Football Club  is a professional football club based in Aberdeen.

Gunnar Nordström
Gunnar Nordström  was a physicist.

Pope Pius XI
Pope Pius XI born Achille Ratti, was Pope Catholic Church from 1922-1939.

Modern evolutionary synthesis
Modern evolutionary synthesis is aory how life changes over time.

Midfielder
A midfielder in football is a player who usually plays in centre field, hence, mid-fielder.

Striker
A striker attacker in football is a player who usually plays at goals opposing team.

Daniela Hantuchová
Daniela Hantuchová  is a Slovak professional tennis player.

Headbutt
A headbutt, is action using your head to strike another person object, usually with forehead.

Lollywood
Lollywood  isi movie industry that is based in city Lahore.

Indus Crocodile
The Mugger Crocodile  , also called,, Crocodile , is found throughout subcontinent surrounding countries .

Indus River Dolphin
Indus River Dolphin  are subspecies river dolphins.

Sikhsm in
Sikhism is a very minority religion in Islamic Republic but has many cultural, historical political ties to country, to historical region Punjab.

Banbury
Banbury is a market town located on River Cherwell in northernire,d.

Mecha
Mecha  are walking vehicles run by a pilot,ten shown in science fiction fantasy with a futuristic element.

Glyph
A glyph is an element writing.

Tilde
The tilde  is a diacritic.

Burlington, Iowa
Burlington is a city in Des Moines County, Iowa, United States.

Regis High School (Cedar Rapids)
Regis Catholic High School was a Catholic high school in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.

Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cedar Rapids  is city in U.S.

University Iowa
The University Iowa is a public university in Cedar Falls, Iowa.

Bowling
Bowling is a sport where people roll a ball down a bowling lane to try to knock ten bowling pins down without going into gutters missing.

Russian First Division
The First Division is level professional football.

Abbot Suger
Abbot Suger (c.

Archtine
The Archtine  is an arch in Rome, found between Colosseum Palatine Hill.

Great hall
A great hall was main room a royal palace, a nobleman's castle ae manor house in Middle Ages.

Louis VIce
Louis VI , called Fat , was Kingce from 1108 until his death .

Louis VIIce
Louis VII, called Younger Young , was Kingce from 1137 until his death.

Gatehouse
A gatehouse is found on castles, manor houses mansions.

Pittodrie Stadium
Stadium.

Florence Cathedral
The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore Florence Cathedral is cathedral church Florence, Italy.

Beauvais Cathedral
Beauvais Cathedral  is an unfinished cathedral found in Beauvais, in northernce.

Orvieto Cathedral
The Duomo di Orvieto is a century Catholic cathedral found in town Orvieto in Umbria in Italy.

Notre-Dame Laon
The cathedral Notre-Dame Laon is important examples Gothic architecture centuries.

Lincoln Cathedral
Lincoln Cathedral  is a cathedral in Lincoln,d.

Milan Cathedral
Milan Cathedral  is cathedral church found in Lombardy, northern Italy.

Sainte Chapelle
La Sainte-Chapelle  is a Gothic chapel found on Île de la Cité in heart Paris,ce.

Gloucester Cathedral
Gloucester Cathedral is a cathedral found in Gloucester,d in north city near river.

Stained glass
Stained glass means either material; colored glass art working with coloured glass.

Mythical beast
A mythical creature is a mythological folkloric creature.

Uppsala Cathedral
The Cathedral Uppsala , found in city Uppsala, Sweden, was built in late century.

Toledo Cathedral
The Cathedral Saint Mary Toledo  is three century High Gothic cathedrals in Spain.

Equilateral triangle
In geometry, an equilateral triangle is a triangle where all three sides are same length all three angles are also same are each 60°.

Limoges Cathedral
Limoges Cathedral  is a Catholic cathedral found in in Limoges.

York Cathedral
York Minster is Gothic cathedral in northern Europe is found in city York ind.

Rouen Cathedral
Rouen Cathedral  is a Gothic cathedral in Rouen, in northwesternce.

St Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna
St.

Carlisle Cathedral
Carlisle Cathedral is a Churchd cathedral found in city Carlisle, in Cumbria, ind.

York Minster
York Minster is Gothic cathedral in northern Europe is found in city York ind.

Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer
Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer was a Cathedral, located in Saint-Omer,ce.

Selby Abbey
Selby Abbey is an parish church in town Selby, Northire.

Rochester Cathedral
Rochester Cathedral is a church found in Rochester, Kent.

Le Mans Cathedral
The Cathedral Le Mans is a Cathedral built in Gothic style.

Types tennis match
Traditionally, tennis is played between two people in a Singles match, four players in a Doubles match.

Love Street
Love Street is a football stadium in Paisley, Glasgow.

Valdas Adamkus
Valdas Adamkus  is current president Republicia.

Islamic architecture
"Islamic architecture is a type architecture.

Easter Road
Easter Road is a football stadium.

New Douglas Park
New Douglas Park is a football stadium.

Falkirk Stadium
Falkirk Stadium is a football stadium.

Rugby Park
Rugby Park is a football stadium.

Tannadice
Tannadice is a football stadium.

Tynecastle
Tynecastle is a football stadium.

Ibrox
Ibrox is a football stadium.

Caledonian Stadium
Caledonian Stadium is a football stadium.

Fir Park
Fir Park is a football stadium in Motherwell, Northire,d.

Flagia
The current flagia was adopted by Coucilia in 1918 re-adopted in 1989, ratio changesre made in 2004.

Wikiversity
Wikiversity is a free wikibsite, a sister project Wikipedia, run by Wikimedia Foundation.

Pollywood
Pashto films industry Pollywood  is popular acronym for movie industry based in cityawar, provincial capital North-West Frontier Province.

Thomas Andrews
Thomas Andrews  was an businessman.

Poprad
Poprad  is a city in northern Slovakia at foot High Tatra Mountains.

Martina Navratilova
Martina Navratilova  is a World No.

Leoš Friedl
Leoš Friedl  is a Czech professional tennis player known for his doubles play withtišek Čermák.

Kevin Ullyett
Kevin Ullyett  is a professional tennis player from Zimbabwe.

Arantxa Sánchez Vicario
Aránzazu  Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario  is a professional tennis player from Spain.

Ai Sugiyama
is a professional tennis player.

Patty Schnyder
Patty Schnyder  is professional female tennis player.

Indian Wells
Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County, California, in Coachella Valley , in between Palm Desert La Quinta.

Indian Wells Masters
he Wells Masters is an annual tennis tournament held in city Wells, California.

Zeeshan
Zeeshan  is a derived from words "Zee" "" "Shan" "".

Mahmood
Mahmud Mahmoud is transliteration an Arabic given that comes from Arabic triconsonantal root Ḥ-M-D , meaning "Praiseworthy",  The praised, "Worthy reverence," "Laudable", "commendable" – in it is written "Mehmoud" in Arabic it is spelt as "Mahmud", above is in both Urdu "".

Kite
A Kite is a flying object that is by a rope, ropes.

University Portsmouth
The University Portsmouth is a university in Portsmouth.

Winchester Cathedral
Winchester Cathedral at Winchester inire is cathedrals ind.

Vertical
An object is in a vertical position when it goes in an "up-down" direction, also perpendicular to horizon horizontal plane.

Crusader
The Crusadersre a series armies thatnt on four separate Crusades starting from 1095] ending with Fourth Crusade in 1204.

Racing Stripes
"Racing Stripes" is a 2005 animated adventure comedy movie.

Nick 2
Nick 2  is a commercial-free time shift service Nickelodeon began on July 1, 1989.

Forehand
The forehand in tennis is a shot made by swinging racquet across's body in direction where player wants to place shot.

Vogue (magazine)
"Vogue" is a fashion lifestyle magazine published in nine countries by a company called Condé Nast Publications.

Sponsor
To sponsorthing is to support an event, activity, person,ganization with money givingthing else.

Texas Rangers (baseball)
The Texas Rangers are an Major League Baseball team from Arlington, Texas.

Office suite
In computing, anfice suite,times called anfice software suite productivity suite is a software suite for use by workers.

The Rake's Progress
"The Rake's Progress" is an opera by Igor Stravinsky.

Bay Karachi
The Port Karachi  is's busiest seaport.

Sonmiani Bay
Sonmiani Bay is found on Sea in Lasbela District,,.

Churmad
Churmad Churnad  is a island located in Seaf coast Karachi, Sindh,.

Clifton Oyster Rocks
The Clifton Oyster Rocks are islands locatedf coast Clifton neighbourhood Karachi,.

Khiprianwalad
Khiprianwalad is a island located in Seaf coast Karachi, Sindh,.

Maland
Maland is a mud volcano that is found in Sea.

Manorad
Manora Manoro  is a island located just south Port Karachi, Sindh,.

Trillian
Trillian is an instant messaging program made by Studios.

Frankie Muniz
Francisco "Frankie" Muniz IV  is an child actor.

Wendee Lee
Wendee Lee  is an voice actress.

Weilheim-Schongau
Weilheim-Schongau is a district in south Bavaria,y.

El Muerto
El Muerto  is a superhero from a self-pubished comic book series made by Javierdez.

Bill
Bill is a male.

El Muerto (movie)
El Muerto  is a 2007 movie.

Thomas Mitchell
Thomas Livingstone Mitchell  became Surveyor-General New South Wales laid many towns roads.

Wagga Wagga, New South Wales
Wagga Wagga is ae city on banks Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales.

Low Countries
The Low Countries is a term used ot refer to a geographical region, especially during Middle Ages.

Palestine Liberationization
The Palestine Liberationization  is a group that works to create a state fors.

Dome Rock
The Dome Rock is a Islamic shrine in Jerusalem.

Illegal prime
An illegal prime is a special prime number.

Temple Mount
The Temple Mount is location two Temples.

Content Scramble System
The Content Scrambling System  is a system to encrypt copy-protect DVDs.

1986-87 NHL season
The 1986–87 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

1985-86 NHL season
The 1985–86 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Rangers F.C.
Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow,d, who currently play in Premier League.

Agha Muhammad Yahya
Agha Muhammad Yahya  was final President United from 1969 to 1971, following resignation Ayub.

Pakistan Peoples Party
The Peoples Party  : is a centre-left Islamic Socialist politicaly in.

Aksai Chin
Aksai Chin  is a region which lies at juncture China,, India.

Bury St Edmunds
Bury St Edmunds is a town in county Suffolk,d.

Muhammad bin Qasim al-Thaqafi
Muhammad bin Qasim Al-Thaqafi  (c.

United States Army Air Force
The United States Army Air Forces  was military aviation arm United States America during immediately after World War II.

Salem Witch Trials
The Salem witch trialsre a series hearings before local magistrates followed by county court trials to prosecute people accused witchcraft in Essex, Suffolk,x Counties colonial Massachusetts, between February 1692 May 1693.

Baron
Baron is a specific title nobility.

Telephone box
A telephone box is a public telephone kiosk.

Running gag
A running gag is an humorous joke reference that is used several times in a work series works.

Harran
Harran, also known as Carrhae, is a district Şanlıurfa Province in southeast Turkey.

Phil O'Donnell
Phillip "Phil" O'Donnell  was a football player.

Toronto Blue Jays
The Toronto Blue Jays are Major League Baseball team in Toronto, Ontario.

Toronto Raptors
The Toronto Raptors are National Basketball Association team in Toronto.

Toronto Argonauts
The Toronto Argonauts are Football League team in Toronto.

TD Canada Trust
TD Canada Trust is personal, business commercial banking operation The Toronto-Dominion Bank  in Canada.

Pocoyo
Pocoyo is a children's television series.

Potato chip
Potato chips  are slimly sliced potatoes that have been baked fried lightly salted seasoned.

York University
York University , is a university located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

University Toronto
The University Toronto is major universities in Toronto, Ontario, Canada along with York University.

Greater Toronto Area
The Greater Toronto Area  is area that includes Toronto surrounding cities such as Mississauga Brampton.

James Cameron
James Cameron  is an Academy Golden Globe Award winning movie director.

The World Ends with You
"The World Ends with You", released in as is an action role-playing game made by Square Enix Jupiter for Nintendo DS game console.

Baby transport
Baby transport  is a tool an infant child.

Bomberman Land Touch!
"Bomberman Land Touch!"  is a Puzzle/Mini-game collection video game made by Hudson Soft published by Hudson Soft, Atlus, Rising Star Games, Red Ant Enterprises, Nintendo in many different places for Nintendo DS game console.

Bomberman
"Bomberman" is a series video games that appeared on Nintendo Entertainment System still has many games day.

Prince Sports
Prince Sports, Inc.

Dustin Pedroia
Dustin Luis Pedroia  is a Major League Baseball player for Boston Red Sox.

Apollo 11
Apollo 11 was people to moon.

Roger Clemens
William Roger Clemens  is an starting pitcher in Major League Baseball.

Defunct
Defunct is a term, such as a company,ganisation group that is now no longer operating.

Universal Music Group
Universal Music Group is a company that runs four record labels in music industry.

Dundee United F.C.
Dundee United Football Club is a professional football club from Dundee,d.

Two Hands
"Two Hands" is a movie released on 29 July 1999.

Paisley
Paisley is a town in Glasgow,d.

Daniel Gonzales Guiza
Daniel Gonzalez Güiza  is a football player.

Kilmarnock
Kilmarnock  is ae burgh in Eastire,d, with a population 44,170.

Falkirk
Falkirk is a town ind.

St Mirren F.C.
Saint Mirren Football Club is a professional football club based in Paisley,ire.

The
The is a daily newspaper fromd, United Kingdom.

Main Page/Article 3
Charles Haddon  Spurgeon  was a Baptist preacher.

BBC Sport
BBC Sport is bbc.co.ukbsite run by Broadcasting Corporation .

Main Page/Article 4
Anaović  born November 6, 1987, in Belgrade, Serbia,n Yugoslavia) is a tennis player.

Turkey national football team
The national football team is national football team Republic Turkey is worked by Football Federation.

Falkirk F.C.
Falkirk Football Club is a professional football club currently playing in Premier League.

Hampden Park
Hampden Park in Glasgow isd's national football stadium.

Feodor III Russia
Feodor  III Alexeevich Russia was born on June 9, 1661, died on May 7, 1682.

Lengnau, Berne
Lengnau is a municipality in district Büren in canton Bern ind.

Sivasspor
Sivasspor is a football club.It was founded in 1967.Its stadium's is Sivas 4 Eylül Stadium.It's in Sivas city.Sivasspor's colours are "red" "white".

Otto Abetz
Otto Abetz  was a diplomat.

Statute Labourers 1351
The Statute labourers was a law created by parliament under King Edward III in 1351 about labourage.

Christine de
Christine de  was a writer.

Danse Macabre
"Dance Death", also variously called "Danse Macabre" , "Danza Macabra"  "Totentanz" , is a late-medieval allegory on death: no matter who a person is, dance death unites all.

Patrick Poivre d'Arvor
Patrick Poivre d'Arvor  is a French journalist.

Marcus Davis
Marcus Paul Davis , nicknamed "The Hand Grenade" , is an mixed martial arts  fighter.

Kalamazoo,
Kalamazoo is ae city in U.S.

El Gato Negro
El Gato Negro  is two fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by Azteca Productions.

Richard Dominguez
Richard Dominguez  is an comic book creator, known for making comic book "El Gato Negro".

Ivan Bloch
Ivan Bloch   was a banker fromd.

McDonnell Douglas DC-10
The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 is an three-engine medium- to long-range widebody airliner, with two engines mounted on underwing pylons a engine at base vertical stabilizer.

Ocean liner
Ocean liner is given to  ships that are peoples.

Akakor
Akakor is an alleged ancient underground citywhere between Brazil Peru.

Gutenberg Bible
The Gutenberg Bible  is a printed version Latin Vulgate translation Bible that was printed bynes Gutenberg, in Mainz,y in century.

Dancing with Stars (video game)
"Dancing with Stars" is a rhythm game made by Zoe Mode with other help from Activision.

Fight song
A fight song is a song that sports fans sing when supportingir favorite team.

Universitycellor
Universitycellor is given to leader colleges universities, especially in United Kingdom Republicd.

World Draughts Federation
The World Draughts Federation  is anganisation who administrates draughts in world.

Kenny
Kenny is an mixed martial artist with training in Jiu-Jitsu Muay Thai.

Sophie Germain
Marie-Sophie Germain  was a French mathematician who made important contributions to differential geometry numberory.

Ingridcourt
Íngridcourt Pulecio  is a-French politician.

Cutting board
A cutting board chopping board isthing up food on.

Measuring cup
A measuring cup is a cup liquids other ingredients, such as sugar flour.

Simple Wikipedia
Simple Wikipedia is a version Wikipedia encyclopedia, written in Simple started in 2004.

Legal rights
A right is a thing which people think should not let people take away from other people.

Ohio State University
The Ohio State University  is a public university in Columbus, Ohio, USA.

Pinoy Idol
"Pinoy Idol" is a popular TV show in Philippines that lets anyone sing to people watching show on television whiley're being judged.

Hulagu
Hulagu, also known as Hulagu, Hülegü Hulegu (Хүлэгү, "Khülegü"; Chagatai/; Arabic:هولاكو; c.

Dalgety Bay
Dalgety Bay is a coastal town in Fife,d.

Elena Bovina
Elena Olegovna Bovina  is a professional female tennis player.

Anastasia Myskina
Anastasia Andreyevna Myskina   is a professional tennis player from Russia.

WTA Awards
This is a list with all Sony Ericsson WTA Tour Awards given by WTA Tour to players who have done achievedthing remarkable during seasonir career.

Hopman Cup
The Cup is an yearly international team tennis tournament played in Perth, Australia in January each year.

Wells Cathedral
Wells Cathedral is a Cathedral in Wells, Somerset,d.

Santa Maria Assunta (Siena)
Siena Cathedral  is a Cathedral in Siena, Italy.

Caen
Caen ; in other words, "e" is not pronounced) is a city ince.

St. Michael Gudula Cathedral
St.

Strasbourg Cathedral
Strasbourg Cathedral  is Cathedral in Strasbourg.

Ely Cathedral
Ely Cathedral  is main church diocese Ely, inire,d.

Exeter Cathedral
Exeter Cathedral is an cathedral in city Exeter, Devon, in southwestd.

King's College Chapel
King's College Chapel is chapel to King's College University Cambridge, is finest examples late Gothic Perpendicular style.

Lasbela District
Lasbela is a coastal district province.

Awaran District
Awaran  is a District in south province.

Coutances Cathedral
Coutances Cathedral is Cathedral in townces indy.

Kalat District
Kalat Qalat  is a district in,.

Regensburg Cathedral
The Regensburg Cathedral  is.

Kharan District
Kharan  is a district in north-west province.

Khuzdar District
Khuzdar  district is located in centre province.

Barcelona Cathedral
The Cathedral Santa Eulalia  Gothic cathedral seatop Barcelona, Spain.

Mastung District
Mastung is a district located in northst province.

Gwadar District
Gwadar was notified as a district on July 1, 1977 when Division was created districts.

Panjgur District
Panjgur  is a district inst province.

Kech District
Kech  Turbat district is in southst, province.

Bolan District
Bolan  district is in centre province.

Valencia Cathedral
The Cathedral Valencia , commonly known as “Seu” in, is seat Catholic Valencia.

Dera Bughti District
Dera Bugti is a district located in southst province.

Jaffarabad District
Jafarabad Jaffarabad  district lies in southeasti province.

Nasirabad District
Nasirabad  is a district in centre-west,.

Bad Minster
The Bad Minster is main Church Bad iny.

Sibi District
Sibi  is a district in province.

Kohlu District
The Kohlu District is an administrative division in province in.

Ziarat District
Ziarat is a district in north province.

Hammerbeam roof
Hammerbeam roof is a type wooden roof found in architecture.

Quetta District
Quetta is a district in north-west province.

Pishin District
Pishin  is a district in northst province.

Purbeck marble
Purbeck marble is a limestone.

Chagai District
Chagai is district is located on northst corner,.

Qilla Abdullah District
Killa Abdullah Qilla Abdullah Abdullah Qilla  is a district in northst province.

Barkhan District
Barkhan  a district in north-west province.

Holy Grail
The Holy Grail is an artifact from mythology.

St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle
St George's Chapel is church at Windsor Castle ind.

Henry VII Lady Chapel
The Henry VII Lady Chapel is a Lady chapel at far eastern end Westminster Abbey built in Gothic style.

Bath Abbey
The Abbey Church Saint Peter, Bath, also known as Bath Abbey, is an parish church an old monastery in Bath, Somerset,d.

Qillalah District
Qillalah, Killalahlah Qilla  is a district in northst province.

Loralai District
Loralai is a district in centre province.

Musakhel District
Musakhel is a district in northst province.

Zhob District
Zhob  is a district in northst province.

Jhal Magsi District
Jhal Magsi district is in centre province.

Nushki District
Nushki District is districts province,.

Kathua District
Kathua district is 14 administrative districts that comprise state Occupiedmir in.

South Tibet
South Tibet  is governments a geographic area that is focus border dispute between India China.

Manorialism
Manorialism Seigneurialism was a principle that guided economy in Middle Ages.

Badin District
Badin District  is a district in Sindh province.

Dadu District
Dadu  is a district Sindh Province,.

Hyderabad District
Hyderābād District , is a district Sindh,.

Thatta District
Thatta District   is located in province Sindh,.

Karachi District
Largest city chief port, lying on Sea, northwest Indus River Delta; population  9,269,300; 4 million live in makeshift settlements.

Jacobabad District
Jacobabad District  is a district Sindh,.

Kirby Super Star
"Kirby Super Star", known in Europe as "Kirby's Fun Pak" in as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory published by Nintendo for Super NES game console.

Larkana District
Larkanao  is a district Sindh province.

Mirpur Khas District
Mirpur Khas District is districts in province Sindh,.

Sanghar District
Sanghar District  is districts Sindh province,.

Tharparkar District
Tharparkar   district is located in Sindh,.

Umerkot District
Umerkot Umarkot is a district Sindh province,.

Ghotki District
Ghotki District  is a district Sindh Province,.

Khairpur District
Khairpur District  is a district in Sindh province.

Masahiro Sakurai
is a video game developer who for HAL Laboratory.

Naushahro Feroze District
Naushahro Feroze District is a district in province Sindh,.

Nawabshah District
Nawabshah District  is districts in province Sindh,,d after Syed Nawab Shah.

Shikarpur District
Shikarpur district  is a district in Sindh province, city Shikarpur is capital.

Sukkur District
Sukkur district  in Sindh Province in is administrative strata ,ly; Sukkur City, New Sukkur Tehsil, Rohri Tehsil, Saleh Pat Tehsil Pano Akil Tehsil.

Qambar District
Theficial Qambar District is Qamber-Shahdad Kot District.

Kashmore District
Kashmor District  is a district in Sindh province, citymore is capital.

Jamshoro District
Jamshoro District  is a district Sindh province,.

Tando Muhammad District
Tando Muhammad is districts in province Sindh province,.

Tando Allahyar District
Tando Allah Yar District  is a district Sindh province,, city Tando Allahyar is capital.

Keyshia Cole
Keyshiaa Cole  is an R&B singer-songwriter, record producer known for her voice.

Mezquita de Córdoba
The Mezquita  Cordoba is a Catholic cathedral.

Chris Parks
Christopher J.

Dante Gabriel Rossetti
Dante Gabriel Rossetti  was an poet, illustrator, painter translator.

Mediterranean Ridge
The Ridge is a wide ridge in bed Sea.

Kirby's Adventure
"Kirby's Adventure", called in, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS game console.

Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosyd
is an action role-playing video game made by Vanpool for Nintendo DS game console.

Link's Crossbow Training
"Link's Crossbow Training" is a shooter video game made by Nintendo for Wii game console.

Princess Zelda
is a character in "The Legend Zelda" video games.

Free Bird
"Free Bird" is a rock anthem made by rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.

Ganon
, also known as is a character in "The Legend Zelda" video games.

Tingle
Tingle, known as is a character in "The Legend Zelda" video games.

Born againity
Inity, words born again, regenerated transformed are synonymous with spiritual rebirthtimes salvation.

Kirby's Dream Land 3
"Kirby's Dream Land 3", known in as, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory published by Nintendo for Super NES game console.

Australian Bureau Statistics
The Bureau Statistics  is Australia's national census statisticalfice.

Record chart
A record chart  is a way giving music a rank.

Getica (Jordanes)
Getica ) is main workes.

Ned Kelly
Edward "Ned" Kelly  was Australia's famous bushranger leader Kelly Gang.

Ben Hall
Ben Hall  was a famous bushranger.

Ride Lightning
"Ride The Lightning" is album released by heavy metal band Metallica.

Text file
A text file is a computer file with an extension.doc.txt, many others, depending on software hardware you choose.

Virtual Console
Virtual Console  is a Wii service that lets users download old video games for Wii Points.

Provincially Administered Tribal Area
The Provincially Administered Tribal Areas  are administrative subdivisions in North-West Frontier Provinces.

Local government
The 2001 Localmentce provides for devolution government to district administrations.

Federally Administered Tribal Areas
The Federally Administered Tribal Areas  in are areasside four provinces, comprising a region 27,220 km² .

Angel Death
Azrael  is archangel death.

Mangla Dam
The Mangla Dam  in Azadmir, is dam in world.

Exhibition game
An exhibition game  is a sporting event in whichre is no competitive value any real to any competitor  regardlesscome competition.

Enrique Iglesias
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler  is a pop singer-songwriter.

Academy
An academy  is an institution higher learning, research, honorary membership.

Sergei Fedorov
Sergei Viktorovich Fedorov  is a professional ice hockey forward occasional defenseman who plays forington Capitals National Hockey League.

Spartak Tennis Club
The Spartak Tennis Club is a tennis training ground located near Sokolniki Park in Moscow, Russia.

Pavel Bure
Pavel Vladimirovich Bure  is a professional ice hockey player.

FHM
"FHM" "For Him Magazine" is an international monthly magazine.

Monica Seles
Monica Seles  is a World No.

Lindsay Davenport
Lindsay Ann Davenport  is a World No.

Natasha Zvereva
Natalya "Natasha" Zvereva  is a retired tennis player from Belarus.

Max Mirnyi
Max Mirnyi  is a tennis player from Belarus.

Filderstadt
Filderstadt is a town in district Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Berlei
Berlei is a brand women's underwear inicular bras girdles The brand started in Australia in 1917 Berlei bras are now sold in Australia by Pacificds in United Kingdom by Courtaulds Textiles.

Lycos
Lycos is a search engineb portal centered around broadband entertainment content.

K-Swiss
K-Swiss, Inc.

Gwadar City
Gwadar is located on southwestern coast, con Sea.

Sir Syed Ahmed Bahadur
Sir Syed Ahmed Bahadur, GCSI  was a teacher politician.

United Airlines Flight 93
United Airlines Flight 93 was a scheduled U.S.

Mirza Ghalib
"Dabeer-ul-Mulk, Najm-ud-daulah" Mirza Asadullah Baig , pen-name Ghalib   Asad  , was an all time great classical Urdu poet subcontinent.

Saare se Achcha
Saare se Achcha is a poem.

Nightingale
The Nightingale  is a bird.

We Are Champions
"We Are Champions" is a power ballad by Queen for album "News World".

British Invasion
The Invasion is an event where many rock roll, beat, pop bands from United Kingdom became very popular in United States, Australia, Canada.

Pokémon
is a media franchise that Nintendo owns.

Pokémon (anime)
"Pokémon"  is a anime series.

Donkey Kong (series)
is a video game series made by Shigeru Miyamoto owned by Nintendo.

Kirby (series)
is a video game series made by HAL Laboratory Nintendo.

Ace Attorney
"Ace Attorney", known as in, is a video game series made by Capcom.

Oruchuban Ebichu
"Oruchuban Ebichu" (or is an anime made by Gainax director Makoto Moriwaki.

Excel Saga
is a comedy manga made byi Rikudou.

Haré+Guu
is an anime made by AN Entertainment.

Kirby Super Star Ultra
Kirby Super Star Ultra is remake Kirby Super Star, a game for Super Nintendo.

SummerSlam (2008)
SummerSlam  will be twenty-first SummerSlam professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .

HAL Laboratory
HAL Laboratory is a video game developer ay to Nintendo.

Rosario Dawson
Rosario Dawson  is a actress singer.

The Age
"The Age" is a newspaper made in Melbourne, Australia.

Drop shot
A drop shot in tennis is tapping ball just over net.

MINIX
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture.

Causality
Causality is a way to describe how different events relate to another.

Wildhaus
Wildhaus is a village municipality near St.

Muhammad Iqbal
"Sir" Muhammad Iqbal  born  was a Muslim poet, philosopher politician born in Sialkot, India .

1984-85 NHL season
The 1984–85 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Grant Fuhr
Grant S.

Ron Hextall
Ron Hextall  is a retired professional ice hockey goaltenderten associated with Philadelphia Flyers National Hockey League.

Brandon Wheat Kings
Thedon Wheat Kings are a junior ice hockey team based indon, Manitoba.

William Riker
William Thomas Riker is a character.

Hall church
A hall church is a type church building.

Saint Thomas Church (Strasbourg)
Saint Thomas Church in Strasbourg is at church today.

Aircraft hijacking
Aircraft hijacking  is takeover an aircraft, by a person group, usually armed.

Loganational Airport
General Edward Lawrenceational Airport in East Boston neighborhood Boston, Massachusetts, United States , is 20 busiest airports in U.S., with over 27 million passengers a year.

NHL Entry Draft
The NHL Entry Draft is an event in which teams National Hockey League  systematically select rights to available amateur players who meet requirements to play professional hockey in NHL.

Los Angelesational Airport
Los Angelesational Airport is primary airport serving Los Angeles, California, United States.

Cockpit
A cockpit is area, usually near front an aircraft, from which a pilot controls aircraft.

List defunct NHL teams
This is a list teams that once played in National Hockey League but no longer exist.

Firstficer
In commercial aviation,ficer is pilot  an aircraft.

Flight attendant
In aviation, flight attendants — also known as cabin crew, stewards, air hosts/hostesses, stewardesses, — are members a cabin crew employed by airlines to ensure safety comfort passengers aboard commercial flights asll as on select business jet aircraft.

Western Conference (NHL)
The Conference  is two conferences in National Hockey League  teams.

Mohamed Atta
Mohamed Atta  was a known associate al-Qaeda leader nineteen hijackers who perpetrated September 11, 2001 attacks.

Abdulaziz al-Omari
Abdulaziz al-Omari  wasd by FBI as hijackers plane which was Trade Center in September 11, 2001 attacks.

Waleed al-Shehri
Waleed M.

Wail al-Shehri
Wail al-Shehri  wasd by FBI as hijackers Airlines Flight 11 from Boston to Los Angeles that Trade Center as September 11, 2001 attacks.

Satam al-Suqami
Satam M.

Listley Cup champions
This is a listley Cup champions, including finalists challengers.

First class (aviation)
First class is a luxury travel class on airliners that exceeds "Business Class", "Premium Economy Class" "Economy Class".

List NHL players
"Note: For current NHL players, see individual team articles" .

History
Arrival Islam.

Business class
Business class  is a high quality-tier travel class available on commercial airlines rail lines.

Runway
A runway  is a strip land on an airport, on which aircraft can takef land.

Air traffic control
Air traffic control  is a service provided by ground-based controllers who direct aircraft on ground in air.

Federal Aviation Administration
The Federal Aviation Administration  is an agency United States Departmentsportation with authority to regulate oversee all aspects civil aviation in U.S.

North Aerospace Defensed
North Aerospace Defensed  is a jointganization Canada United States that provides aerospace warning defense for North America.

Lower
Lower  is southernmost island, main island center business government City New York.

Jules Gedeon Naudet
Jules Clément Naudet  Thomas Gédéon Naudet  are French filmmakers.

List Calgary Flames players/A-M
This is a complete list ice hockey players who have Flames  in National Hockey League .

Flight recorder
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft for purpose facilitating investigation an aircraft accident incident.

Flight number
A flight number, when combined with airline date, identifies aicular flight.

Boeing 757
The Boeing 757 is a to medium range narrow-body commercial passenger aircraft manufactured by Boeing Commerciales.

DGamer
DGamer  is an online service developed by Disney for use with Nintendo DS games.

Eastern Conference (NHL)
The Conference  is two conferences in National Hockey League  teams.

Undrafted sportsperson
An undrafted sportsperson undrafted free agent is a type sportsperson who plays, tries to play, in a professional sports league.

John Vanbiesbrouck
John Vanbiesbrouck  is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender, who was States Hockey Hall Fame in 2007.

Pelle Lindbergh
Per-Erik "Pelle" Lindbergh  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who playeds five seasons in NHL for Philadelphia Flyers.

Wernher von Braun
Wernher Magnus Freiherr von Braun  was a engineer, scientist rocket designer.

Pete Peeters
Peter H.

National Football League Most Valuable Player Award
The National Football League Most Valuable Player Award is an award by different entities, notably Associated Press, to player who is thought to be valuable player in league.

List NHL statistical leaders
This is a list National Hockey League  statistical leaders through end 2006–07 season.

Trent Green
Trent Jason Green  is an football quarterback for St.

Frumosu River (Motru)
The Frumosu River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Valea Mare River (Motru)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Milearu River
The Milearu River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Motrul Sec River
The Motrul Sec River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Capra River (Motru)
The Capra River is a tributary Motrul Sec River inia.

Izvoarele River (Motru)
The Izvoarele River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Lupoaia River (Motru)
The Lupoaia River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Stoican River
The River is a tributary Lupoaia River inia.

Toy Story 3
"Toy Story 3" is an upcoming computer-animated 3-D movie.

Cars (movie)
"Cars" is a 2006 movie made by Pixar.

A Bug's Life
"A Bug's Life" is a 1998 movie made by Pixar.

No Country for Old Men (movie)
"No Country for Old Men" is a 2007 movie made by Coen Brothers.

Indiana University
Indiana University is a public university in Bloomington,a.

Afonso Penaational Airport
The Afonso Penaational Airport is a airport.

Universidade Federal doá
The Universidade Federal doá - UFPR  is oldest university.

Boca River (Motru)
The Boca River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Valea Blidarului River
The Valea Blidarului River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Jolobodiul Mare River
The Jolobidiul Mare River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Twelfth grade
Twelfth grade  is last yearary education in United States, asll as many other nations.

Depth chart
In sports, a depth chart is a chart lineup starting playersary players.

Stepfamily
Traditionally, a stepfamily is a family that gets a parent through a new marriage, whether parent was widowed divorced.

Breeches
Breeches  is a type clothing that males where that covers body from waist down, with different coverings for each leg, usually stopping just below knee, thoughtimes reaching to ankles.

Waist
The waist is abdomen between rib cage hips that humans have.

Aircraft registration
An aircraft registration is a unique alphanumeric string that identifies an aircraft, in similar fashion to a licence plate on an automobile.

Medicalhand
Medicalhand  is ahand used by medical professionals  to hurry explanation diseases , patients, medicines .

Paternoster
Aoster is a type elevator.

Main Page/Article 5
Daniela Hantuchová  is a Slovak professional tennis player.

Maremma
Maremma is an area in Italy, consisting southerny northern Lazio.

Hurtova Lhota
Hurtova Lhota is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Nová Ves u Světlé
Nová Ves u Světlé is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Hamilton Academical F.C.
Hamilton Academical is a football team from Hamilton,ire ind.

Worf
Worf is a ' ' character.

Azmiara
Azmiara , was an Israeli politician.

Peterhead F.C.
Peterhead Football Club is a professional football club from Peterhead,d.

1983-84 NHL season
The 1983–84 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Northeast Division (NHL)
The NHL's Northeast Division wased in 1993 as Conference in a league adjustment, predecessor which was Adams Division.

Northwest Division (NHL)
The NHL's Northwest Division wased in 1998 as Conference due to expansion.

Pacific Division (NHL)
The National Hockey League's Pacific Division is three divisions that make up Conference.

Atlantic Division (NHL)
The NHL'stic Division wased in 1993 as Conference in a league realignment, predecessor which was Patrick Division.

Central Division (NHL)
The NHL's Central Division wased in 1993 as Conference in a league realignment, predecessor which was Norris Division.

Southeast Division (NHL)
The NHL's Southeast Division wased in 1998 as Conference due to expansion.

List members Hockey Hall Fame
This is a list members Hockey Hall Fame.

The Magic Roundabout (movie)
"The Magic Roundabout"  is a movie based on television series same.

Female ejaculation
Female ejaculation, also known as gushing squirting, happens when a woman has angasm clear fluid comes her.

SummerSlam
SummerSlam is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view  event held in August by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Suina
The suborder Suina  contains perhaps earliest archaic even-toed ungulates.

Ruminantia
The biological subordertia this majority Artiodactyla including sheep, goats, camels, others which have a complex stomach ruminateir food.

Whiteder (movie)
"Whiteder" is a 2002 movie.

Beverlyer
Doctor Beverlyer is a fictional character from science fiction television series ' The character is played by actress Gates McFadden.

Chakswari Tehsil
Chakswari is a tehsil  in Mirpur District, Azadmir containing approximately 25 villages including New Town IslaamGarh.

Mirpur
Mirpur  is city in Azad Jammumir, capital Mirpur District.

Jalalabad, Punjab
Jalalabad  is a city a municipal council Ferozpur District in Punjab state India.

Kupferhof Bauschenberg
The Kupferhof Bauschenberg was a brass producing factory built in century in city Stolberg.

Zira Tehsil
Zira was two tehsils Punjab, , that was a controversy during Partition India.

Sturgeon
Sturgeon is common are 26 species fish in family Acipenseridae.

WWE The Great
The Great is an yearly summer professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment.

Hy-Vee
Hy-Vee is an employee owned chain supermarkets in United States.As January 2008, Hy-Vee runs 197 supermarkets 26 Drugstores in seven states.

Liger
The liger is a mixed animal that has a lion father a tiger mother.

Whiteder
"Whiteder" is a 1999 novel by Janet Finch.

Cold Mountain (movie)
"Cold Mountain" is a [2003 movie.

AT&T
AT&T Inc.

Air-ground radiotelephone service
Air-ground radiotelephone service is a method telephone communications used by aircraft pilots passengers commercial airline jets flying over United States.

Heart F.C.
Heart Football Club  is a professional football club based at Tynecastle Stadium in Edinburgh,d.

Abbey library St. Gallen
The Abbey library St.

Pohleď
Pohleď is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Hibernian F.C.
Hibernian Football Club is a professional football club based at Easter Road in Edinburgh,d.

Inverness Thistle F.C.
Inverness Thistle Football Club is a professional football club based at Stadium iness,d.

Kilmarnock F.C.
Kilmarnock Football Club is a professional football club based at Rugby Park in Kilmarnock,d.

Higher education
The expression higher education talks about educational process, centers institutions that are afterary education.

Aeronautics
Aeronautics is study science how to build operate flying machines.

Rawalpindi
Rawalpindi  is a city in Pothohar Plateau near's capital city Islamabad, in province Punjab.

Kachhi District
Kachhi Zilla is district,.

Bagh Tehsil
Bagh is chief town Bagh District in Azadmir,.

Bijbehara Tehsil
Bijbehara is a town in Islamabad District, Occupiedmir.

Kulgam Tehsil
Kulgam is a town a notified area committee in Islamabad District, Occupiedmir.

Pahalgam Tehsil
Pahalgam  is a town a notified area committee in Islamabad District, Occupiedmir.

Baramulla Tehsil
Baramulla is a town in Baramulla district inmir Valley, about 60 km from disputed territory capital Srinagar .

Sopore Tehsil
Sopore is a town in Baramulla district.

Akhnoor Tehsil
Akhnoor is a town in Jammu District.

Josip Broz Tito
Josip Broz nicknamed Tito was leader Yugoslavia.

Wienerwald
The Wienerwald  is ae forest over 1.000 square kilometers.

Wienerwald, Austria
Wienerwald is a village near Mödling, in Austria.

Wienerwald (restaurant)
Wienerwald is a chain franchise restaurants, mainly iny Austria.

Barracuda
A Barracuda is a ray finned-fish that is about 6 feet in length.

Pomona, California
Pomona is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Sin City (movie)
"Sin City" is a 2005 movie written, produced directed byk Miller Robert Rodriguez.

Fantastic Four (movie)
"Fantastic Four" is a 2005 superhero movie based on Marvel Comics comic "Fantastic Four".

Dark Angel (TV series)
"Dark Angel" is an science fiction television series created by James Cameron Charles H.

The Ultimate Fighter
The Ultimate Fighter is a reality television series mixed martial arts  contest, in United States, made by Spike TV Ultimate Fightingip .

Good Luck Chuck
"Good Luck Chuck" is a 2007 comedy movie starring Jessica Alba Dane Cook.

Maxim (magazine)
"Maxim" is an international men's magazine based in United Kingdom known for its revealing pictorials featuring popular actresses, singers, female models, none which are nudes.

Camp Nowhere
"Camp Nowhere" is a 1994 movie directed by Prince, written by Andrew Eliot Wald, starring Jackson, Christopher Lloyd, Melody Kay, Andrew, Marne Patterson.

Honey (movie)
"Honey" is a 2003 movie released by Universal Pictures.

The Secret World Alex Mack
"The Secret World Alex Mack" was an television series that ran on Nickelodeon from October 8, 1994 to January 15, 1998, replacing "Clarissa Explains It All" on SNICK line-up.

Atlantic Theatery
Thetic Theatery runs anf-Broadwayater in a converted church in Chelsea neighborhood New York City.

Beverly Hills, 90210
"Beverly Hills 90210" was a long-running popular primetime television drama series that aired from October 41990, to May 172000, on FOX in United States subsequently on various networks around world.

Teen Choice Awards
The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by FOX.

French
French  refers to a nation ethnic group thatiginated in Canada during period French colonization in century.

Mexican
Mexicans ares ancestry.

Saturn Award
The Saturn Award is an award presented every year by Academy Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films to honor top works in science fiction, fantasy, horror in movie, television, home video.

Del Rio, Texas
Del Rio is a border city in county seat Val Verde County, Texas, United States.

Tonsil
The tonsils are areas lymphoid tissue on either side throat.

J.C. Penney
J.

Flipper (1995 TV series)
"Flipper ", is an television series, also known as "The New Adventures Flipper".

Orient
Orient is a term meaning "the east".

Console role-playing game
A console role-playing game is a video game genre that resembles traditional role-playing games.

Drew Barrymore
Drew Blyth Barrymore  is an Emmy Award Golden Globe-nominated actress film producer, youngest member Barrymore family actors.

Brooklyn South
"Brooklyn South" is a-lived television police drama.

Never Been Kissed
"Never Been Kissed" is a 1999 comedy directed by Raja Gosnell starring Drew Barrymore, David Arquette, Michael, Mollynon, Leelee Sobieski, John C.

Idle Hands
"Idle Hands" is a 1999 comedy/horror movie starring Devon Sawa, Seth Green, Jessica Alba with Elden Henson Vivica A.

Panic attack
Panic attacks are sudden, discrete periods intense anxiety, mounting physiological arousal, fear, stomach problems  discomfort that are associated with a variety somatic cognitive symptoms.

Telepathy
Telepathy, taken from Greek τηλε, "tele" meaning "distant" πάθεια, "patheia" meaning "to be affected by", is ability that is people to speak to other people through thought.

Megabit
A megabit is a unit information computer storage.

Invisible
Susan Storm Richards  is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superheroine created by writer Lee artist/co-writer Jack Kirby.

Shigesato Itoi
Shigesato Itoi  is a famous copywriter, essayist, game designer.

The Eye (2008 movie)
"The Eye" is a 2008 movie starring Jessica Alba.

Creatures Inc.
is a video game company.

Academy Motion Picture Arts Sciences
The Academy Motion Picture Arts Sciences  is a professional honoraryganization ostensibly arts sciences motion pictures.

The Love Guru
"The Love Guru" is an 2008 comedy movie, directed by Marco Schnabel starring Mike Myers.

GQ
"GQ"  is a monthly men's magazine focusing upon fashion, style, culture for men, through articles on food, movies, fitness, sex, music, travel, sports, technology, books.

Big Cartoon DataBase
The Big Cartoon DataBase  is an online database information about cartoons, animated movies, animated television shows.

InStyle
"InStyle" is a monthly women’s magazine, published by Time Inc., which is about private side public faces.

MTV Movie Awards
The MTV Movie Awards is a film awards show presented annually on MTV .

Awake (movie)
"Awake" is a 2007 suspense movie written directed by Joby Harold.

Tiger shark
The tiger shark , predatory shark, is only member genus Galeocerdo.

Frank Miller (comics)
Frank Miller  is an writer, artist movie director.

Robert Rodriguez
"Robert Anthony Rodriguez  is an director, writer, producer, cinematographer, editor musician perhaps known for making profitable, crowd-pleasing independent studio films with fairly low budgets fast schedules by Hollywood standards.

Michael Weatherly
Michael Manning Weatherly, Jr.

Telegraph
Telegraphy " = far "graphein " = write) is long-distance transmission written messages without physical transport letters.

Rheumatism
Rheumatism Rheumatic disorder is a general term for medical problems that can hurt heart, bones, joints, kidney, skin lung.

Gout
Gout  is a disease created by a buildup uric acid.

Bright's disease
Bright's disease is a historical classification kidney diseases that would be known in modern medicine as acute chronic nephritis.

Night shift
A night shift is either a group workers who work during night, time thaty work.

National Football League Training Camp
In National Football League, NFL Training Camp is time before season starts.

Training camp
A training camp is a place where people go to learn skills.

Embryonic stem cell
Embryonic stem cells  are stem cells taken from inner cell mass early stage embryo known as a blastocyst.

Sperm Whale
The Sperm Whale  is toothed whale.

Camp Rock
"Camp Rock" is a 2008 movie made by Disneynel.

Amani Toomer
Amani Toomer   is an football wide receiver for New Yorkts National Football League.

Mega Man 9
"Mega Man 9", known in as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Wii's WiiWare service.

Mega Man 8
"Mega Man 8", known in as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for PlayStation Sega Saturn game consoles.

Mega Man 7
"Mega Man 7", known in as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Super NES game console.

Mega Man 6
"Mega Man 6", known in as, is a platform video game for Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Mega Man 5
"Mega Man 5", known in as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Nintendo Entertainment System.

Mega Man 4
"Mega Man 4", known in as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Touchdown
A touchdown is a common way scoring in football.

Eton,ire
Eton is a town inire,d.

Naomi
Naomi is an meaning "enjoyment, pleasure" in Hebrew Arabic.

Mega Man 3
"Mega Man 3", known in as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Semitic
Semitic refers to a group languages including Hebrew, Arabic Aramaic.

Mega Man 2
"Mega Man 2", known in as "Rockman 2: The Mystery Dr.

Mega Man (video game)
"Mega Man", known in as, is a platform video game for Nintendo Entertainment System game console.

Mario Kart 64
is a racing video game made by Nintendo for Nintendo 64 game console.

Super Mario Kart
"Super Mario Kart" is a racing video game made by Nintendo for Super NES game console.

Isaac
Isaac was son Abraham Sarah, in Bible.

Sarah
Sarah was wife Abraham in Old Testament book Genesis.

Samuel
Samuel was a prophet in Old Testament.

Saul
Saul     is a King in Books Samuel, 1 Chronicles Qur'an.

Ecclesiastes
Ecclesiates is a book in Old Testament Bible.

Saint Mark
Saint Mark was author Gospel Mark in New Testament.

Judas Iscariot
Judas Iscariot was disciples Jesus.

Pin stripes
Pin stripes are a pattern very thin stripes running in parallel found in cloth.

Baseball park
A baseball park, baseball stadium, ball park / ballpark is field play in game baseball spectator seating areas  any other things.

Venus Rising
Venus Rising was a 1995 movie starring Jessica Alba, Henry Fairchild.

Child soldier
A child soldier is a child that takes to actively fight in a war.

Paranoid (2000 movie)
"Paranoid" is a 2000 Indie film, directed by John, which was made foratrical release but was later released directly to video.

The Sleeping Dictionary
"The Sleeping Dictionary" is a 2003 film by Guy Jenkin.

DVD Exclusive Awards
The DVD Exclusive Awards is an award that honors direct to video productions.

Mekhi Phifer
Mekhi Thira Phifer  is an actor, born in Harlem, New York.

Imagen Foundation
The Imagen Foundation is dedicated to "encouraging recognizing positive portrayals Latinos in entertainment industry".

The Ten
"The Ten" is a comedy film directed by David Wain cowritten by Ken Marino through ThinkFilm.

Meet Bill
"Meet Bill"  is a 2008 comedy movie written directed by Bernien Melisa Wallick starring Aaron Eckhart Jessica Alba.

Chicago Hope
"Chicago Hope" is a CBS Medical drama series created by David E.

After school special
An after school special is a type television program viewed by adolescents wheny return home from school, usually at about.

ALMA Award
The Latino Media Arts Award, ALMA Award is an award given to Latino performers  who promote positive portrayals Latinos in entertainment field.

Entourage (TV series)
"Entourage" is an Emmy Award-winning HBOiginal series created by Doug Ellin that chronicles rise Vincent Chase his childhood friends from Queens, New York City asy navigate unfamiliar terrain Hollywood, California.

Young Artist Award
The Young Artist Awards are presented yearly by Young Artist Foundation.

The Sydney Morning Herald
"The Sydney Morning Herald" is a newspaper made in Sydney, Australia.

Sandpit
A sandbox sandpit is a area filled with sand made for children to play in.

Encyclopædianica, Inc.
Encyclopædianica, Inc.

Battingder (baseball)
The battingder, batting lineup, in baseball is an when nine membersfense takeir turns in batting against pitcher in ander.

Hammerhead shark
Hammerhead shark genus "Sphyrna" are members family Sphyrnidae.

Faline
Faline is a fictional female roe deer in Felix Salten's novel "Bambi, A Life in Woods" its sequel, "Bambi's Children".

1982–83 NHL season
The 1982–83 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Aladdin (movie)
Aladdin is several movies.

Disney DVD
Disney DVD is brand under which Buena Vista Home Entertainment releases its Disney-branded motion pictures.

Horní Rápotice
Horní Rápotice is a village in Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Krásná Hora
Krásná Hora is a village in Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Telegram
A Telegram is a written message transmitted by using a electric device.

Mladé Bříště
Mladé Bříště is a village in Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region Czech Republic.

Beluga whale
The beluga whale  is a, toothed whale that is white as an adult.

Narwhal
The Narwhal  is a rarely seen Arctic whale.

All-Star Cheer Squad
"All-Star Cheer Squad" is an upcoming rhythm video game in development by Gorilla Systems Corp with help from THQ.

David
David, son Jesse, was an important King Israel.

Crank That (Soulja Boy)
Crank That  is a song by Soulja Boy .

ARIA Charts
The ARIA charts are charts that measure how popular music is in Australia.

Golden Rooster Awards
The Golden Rooster Awards  is film awards given in mainland China.

Viva la Vida
"Viva la Vida" is a song by band Coldplay from album "Viva la Vida Death All His Friends", released on 7 May 2008.

The Curse Curves
"The Curse Curves" is a song by Cute Is What We Aim For.

Space race
A space race is a period in history when two countries compete have a race to explore put things in space.

Klaxons
Klaxons are an dance/punk band, based in London.

Ecumenical Patriarch
The Ecumenical Patriarch is Patriarchtinople.

Assyrian Church East
The Church East also called Holy Apostolic Catholic Church East is a church.

Melba tunnel
The Melba Tunnel is a tunnel on EastLink tollway.

Main Page/Introduction
This is front page Simple Wikipedia.

Chaldean Catholic Church
The Catholic Church Church Babylon  is anicular church Catholic Church, maintaining full communion withop Rome rest Catholic Church.

Chaldeans
Thes , adherents Catholic Church, a subset people.

Status asthmaticus
Status astmathicus is a severe asthma bronchiale that does not respond to usual treatments.

Milwaukee Bucks
The Milwaukee Bucks are a professional basketball team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Pidgin (software)
Pidgin  is a instant messaging client that can work on Linux, Mac OS X Windows.

San Diego Padres
The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team in San Diego, California.

Drew Carey
Drew Carey  is a comedian.

Books Samuel
The Books Samuel  are Tanakh  also Old Testament.

Sacrilege
Sacrilege means not having respect for religion, not respecting who follow religions.

Psychotherapy
Psychotherapy describes way specially skilled people called psychotherapists help people who have problems unhappiness in livingir lives who want to improve qualityir lives relationships with others.

Christian (disambiguation)
A is aity.

Trouser
Trousers ) are a clothing worn on lower body, covering both legs apart .

Bibliography
Bibleography  is a random list books journals articles.

Synoptic gospels
The Synoptic gospels in Bible in New Testament are Gospel Matthew, Gospel Mark Gospel Luke.

Epistle tos
The Epistle  tos is a book in New Testament.

Main Page/Test 1/Archive 1
 Colors .

Julio Lugo
Julio Cesar Lugo  is a Major League Baseballstop for Boston Red Sox, born in Barahona, Republic.

Requiem (Mozart)
The Requiem Mass in D minor K626 is a famous piece music byg Amadeus Mozart which he composed in 1791.

Gregorio Allegri
Gregorio Allegri  was an composer priest.

Chronology
Chronology is a word meaning: study time.

Indre River
The Indre is a river in centralce, left tributary to river Loire.

Pontus (mythology)
In Greek mythology, Pontus  was an ancient, pre sea-god, son Gaia, Earth.

Pontus
Pontus  is a region on southern coast Black Sea.

Homo floresiensis
"Homo floresiensis"  is possible species in genus Homo, remarkable for its body, brain, survival until relatively recent times.

Goranišević
Goranišević is a retired professional tennis player from Croatia.

Pete Sampras
Pete Sampras is a retired professional tennis player from USA.

Andre Agassi
Andre Kirk Agassi  is a retired professional tennis player from United States.

Narcissus (genus)
"Narcissus"   is botanic for a genus mainly hardy,ly spring-flowering, bulbs in "Amaryllidaceae" family.

Dajabón Province
Dajabón is a province; it is located in northwestern country, on border with Haiti.

First baseman
First base, "1B", is four positions on a baseball diamond, in baseball.

Outfielder
Outfielder is a position in baseball.

Sobekhotep VIII
Sobekhotep VIII was a Pharaoh northern Egypt during dynasty.

Albert Spalding
Albert Goodwill Spalding  was a professional baseball player, manager co-founder A.G.

Charlie Waitt
Charlie Waitt  was a professional baseball player.

Doug Allison
Douglas L.

Bill Doak
Bill Doak  played 11 years with St.

Teasing
Teasing is a word with different meanings.

The Fox Hound (movie)
"The Fox Hound" is an animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions.It was released on July 10, 1981 is based on Daniel P.

The Fox Hound
"The Fox Hound" is a 1967 novel by Daniel Pratt Mannix IV.

Taunt
A taunt is a sarcastic remark, challenge, insult thatone does to make another angry.

Pitcher (baseball)
In baseball, pitcher is player who throws baseball from pitcher's mound to catcher to begin each play, trying to retire a batter who tries to either make hit it draw a walk.

Patton (movie)
"Patton"  is a 1970 movie about United States Army General George S.

Jafar (Aladdin)
Jafar is an evil character in Disney's "Aladdin" movies.

The
"The" is a newspaper made in Australia.

Barbican Arts Centre
The Arts Centre is ae performing arts centre on northern edge City London.

Harry
Harry  is a actor.

Brisbane Times
Brisbane Times is absite that reports news fore, Australia, asll asd, state thate is in.

District line
The District line is a railway line in London Underground.

Kensington
Kensington is a district West London,d in Royal Borough Kensington Chelsea.

Dew Process
Dew Process is an independent record label frome, Australia.

Books Chronicles
The First Second Chronicles are history books in Old Testament.

George Eliot
Mary Ann s , better known by her pen George Eliot, was an novelist.

Gerry Anderson
Gerry Anderson MBE  is a television movie producer, director writer.

Sarah Chalke
Sarah Louise Christine Chalke  is a actress famous for her role as Elliot Reid on "Scrubs" Becky Conner on "Roseanne".

AfterMASH
"AfterMASH" was an TV series.

M*A*S*H (TV series)
"M*A*S*H" is an television sitcom made by Larry Gelbart about doctors in a mobile.

Loretta Swit
Loretta Swit  is an actress.

Larry Linville
Lawrence Lavonne "Larry" Linville  was an actor.

Katamari Damacy
is a person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for PlayStation 2 game console.

Beautiful Katamari
"Beautiful Katamari", released in as is a-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco Bandai for Xbox 360 game console.

Mewtwo
Mewtwo is a "Genetic" species Pokémon that is number 150 in Pokédex.

We Love Katamari
"We Love Katamari", known in as, is a-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for PlayStation 2 game console.

Me & My Katamari
is a-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for PlayStation Portable game console.

Namco
is an amusement company.

Nagoya
Nagoya is cities in.

Manglish
Manglish is a language that sounds almost same as spoken bys.

The Story Kelly Gang
"The Story Kelly Gang" is world's feature length movie.

Steffi Graf
Steffi Graf is a retired proffesional women's tennis player fromy.

Sports Illustrated
"Sports Illustrated" isekly sports magazine owned by media company Time Warner.

Christian music
Christian music is a genre music with words that are aboutity.

A. Q.
Abdul Qadeer  in Bhopal, is ai scientist metallurgical engineer.

Interception (football)
An interception intercept is a move in football that uses a pass  being stopped by a player on other teams.

Load (album)
Load is an album by heavy metal band Metallica.

The Greatest Show on Turf
The Greatest Show on Turf was nickname forfense fielded by St.

The Marriage Figaro
"Le nozze di Figaro"  is an opera byg Amadeus Mozart composed in 1786.

My Neighbor Totoro
, "My Neighbour Totoro" on UK DVD box titles, is a 1988 animated movie written directed by Hayao Miyazaki produced by Studio Ghibli.

Mnemonic (disambiguation)
A mnemonic is a memory aid.

Northrop Frye
Northrop Frye wrote about books.

Throwback uniform
Throwback uniforms jerseys are-time limited-time types a sports team's uniforms that look same way as uniforms from that team's past.

Backlash (2009)
Backlash 2009 will take place on April 26, 2009 at Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhoded.

Down with Love
"Down with Love" is a 2003 movie that has McGregor Renee Zellweger as main characters.

Celery
Celery is a type vegetable,ten used in salad.

Kalasha
Kalasha, also spelled as , is a metal  pot with ae base mouth,e enough to hold a coconut.

Pokémon Snap
is a person rail shooter made by HAL Laboratory published by Nintendo for Nintendo 64 game console.

Arceus
Arceus is a Pokémon that is known as Alpha Pokémon.

Pokémonnel
"Pokémonnel", released in as, is a virtual pet/puzzle video game made by Ambrella published by Nintendo for Nintendo GameCube game console.

Big Mac
The Big Mac is a sandwich sold at fast food-chain McDonald's.

Don Knotts
Jesse Donald Knotts  was an actor-known for his role on "The Andy Griffith Show" as Barney Fife.

Stormbreaker (movie)
"Stormbreaker" is a 2005 movie based on Anthony Horowitz novel "Stormbreaker", Alex Rider series books.

Serenade
In music, a serenade  is a song piece music which is sung played inone’s honour.

Divertimento
A divertimento is a piece music which is lighthearted easy to listen to.

Freemasonry
Freemasonry is anganization people who try to help another inir profession inir private lives.

Australian Music Online
Australian Music Online is absite about music in Australia.

Die Entführung aus dem Serail
"Die Entführung aus dem Serail"  is an opera byg Amadeus Mozart.

Clydesdale Bank
The Clydesdale Bank is a bank.

War Worlds (2005 movie)
"War Worlds" is a 2005 movie that has Tom Cruise Dakota Fanning as main people.

Bankd
The Bankd is a bank.

Jimmy Calderwood
Jimmy Calderwood  is a professional footballer current manager club Aberdeen F.C..

Germany's Next Topmodel
Germany's Next Topmodel is a television show hosted by supermodel Heidi Klum.

Kurume
Kurume is a city inu,.

Gordon
Gordon David OBE  is a retired football player, is now a football manager.

Craig Levein
Craig William Levein  is a professional footballer current football manager.

John Hughes
John Hughes  is a professional footballer is currently manager Falkirk.

Jennifer Hof
Jennifer Karin-Luise Hof  is a model.

Partick Thistle F.C.
Partick Thistle Football Club is a professional football team based at Firhill Stadium in Glasgow,d.

Airdrie United F.C.
Airdrie United Football Club is a professional football team based in town Airdrie, Northire.

Main Page/Article 12
__NOEDITSECTION__ Airlines Flight 11 was hijacked airplane September 11, 2001 attacks.

Aalst
Aalst is a municipality found in province Eastders.

Aalter
Aalter is a municipality found in province Eastders.

Aarschot
Aarschot is a municipality located in provincet.

Aartselaar
Aartselaar is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Affligem
Affligem is a municipality located in provincet.

Aiseau-Presles
Aiseau-Presles is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Alken
Alken is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Alveringem
Alveringem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Amay
Amay is a municipality located in province Liège.

Amblève
Amblève is a municipality located in province Liège.

Andenne
Andenne is a municipality located in province Namur.

Anderlecht
Anderlecht is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Anderlues
Anderlues is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Anhée
Anhée is a municipality located in province Namur.

Ans
Ans is a municipality located in province Liège.

Anthisnes
Anthisnes is a municipality located in province Liège.

Antoing
Antoing is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Anzegem
Anzegem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Ardooie
Ardooie is a municipality located in province Westders.

Arendonk
Arendonk is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Arlon
Arlon is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

As (Belgium)
As is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Asse
Asse is a municipality located in provincet.

Assenede
Assenede is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Assesse
Assesse is a municipality located in province Namur.

Ath
Ath is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Attert
Attert is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Aubange
Aubange is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Aubel
Aubel is a municipality located in province Liège.

Avelgem
Avelgem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Awans
Awans is a municipality located in province Liège.

Aywaille
Aywaille is a municipality located in province Liège.

Baarle-Hertog
Baarle-Hertog is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Baelen
Baelen is a municipality located in province Liège.

Balen
Balen is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Bassenge
Bassenge is a municipality located in province Liège.

Bastogne
Bastogne is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Beaumont
Beaumont is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Beauraing
Beauraing is a municipality located in province Namur.

Beauvechain
Beauvechain is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Beernem
Beernem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Beerse
Beerse is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Beersel
Beersel is a municipality located in provincet.

Begijnendijk
Begijnendijk is a municipality located in provincet.

Bekkevoort
Bekkevoort is a municipality located in provincet.

Beloeil
Beloeil is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Beringen
Beringen is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Berlaar
Berlaar is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Berlare
Berlare is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Berloz
Berloz is a municipality located in province Liège.

Bernissart
Bernissart is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Bertem
Bertem is a municipality located in provincet.

Bertogne
Bertogne is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Bertrix
Bertrix is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Bever
Bever is a municipality located in provincet.

Beveren
Beveren is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Beyne-Heusay
Beyne-Heusay is a municipality located in province Liège.

Bierbeek
Bierbeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Bièvre
Bièvre is a municipality located in province Namur.

Bilzen
Bilzen is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Binche
Binche is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Blankenberge
Blankenberge is a municipality located in province Westders.

Blégny
Blégny is a municipality located in province Liège.

Bocholt (Belgium)
Bocholt is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Boechout
Boechout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Bonheiden
Bonheiden is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Boom (Belgium)
Boom is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Boortmeerbeek
Boortmeerbeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Borgloon
Borgloon is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Bornem
Bornem is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Borsbeek
Borsbeek is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

John McEnroe
John McEnroe is a retired professional tennis player from New York in USA.

Bouillon
Bouillon is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Boussu
Boussu is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Boutersem
Boutersem is a municipality located in provincet.

Braine-l'Alleud
Braine-l'Alleud is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Braine-le-Château
Braine-le-Château is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Braine-le-Comte
Braine-le-Comte is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Braives
Braives is a municipality located in province Liège.

Brakel
Brakel is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Brecht
Brecht is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Bredene
Bredene is a municipality located in province Westders.

Bree
Bree is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Brugelette
Brugelette is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Brunehaut
Brunehaut is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Buggenhout
Buggenhout is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Büllingen
Büllingen is a municipality located in province Liège.

Burdinne
Burdinne is a municipality located in province Liège.

Burgd
Burgd is a municipality located in province Liège.

Butgenbach
Butgenbach is a municipality located in province Liège.

Celles
Celles is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Cerfontaine
Cerfontaine is a municipality located in province Namur.

Chapelle-lez-Herlaimont
Chapelle-lez-Herlaimont is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Charleroi
Charleroi is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Chastre
Chastre is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Châtelet
Châtelet is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Chaudfontaine
Chaudfontaine is a municipality located in province Liège.

Chaumont-Gistoux
Chaumont-Gistoux is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Chièvres
Chièvres is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Chimay
Chimay is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Chiny
Chiny is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Ciney
Ciney is a municipality located in province Namur.

Clavier
Clavier is a municipality located in province Liège.

Colfontaine
Colfontaine is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Comblain-au-Pont
Comblain-au-Pont is a municipality located in province Liège.

Comines-Warneton
Comines-Warneton is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Courcelles
Courcelles is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Court-Saint-Etienne
Court-Saint-Etienne is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Couvin
Couvin is a municipality located in province Namur.

Crisnée
Crisnée is a municipality located in province Liège.

Björn Borg
Björn Borg is a retired professional tennis player from Sweden.

Josef Manner & Comp AG
Josef Manner & Comp  AG is an company that is known for its sweets.

The Hours (movie)
"The Hours" is a 2002 movie.

Linux distribution
Linux distributions are made Linux kernel a collection applications.

Bajaur Agency
Bajaur  is an Agency  Federally Administered Tribal Areas .

Khyber Agency
Khyber  is a tribal area in Federally Administered Tribal Areas  region .

Kurram Agency
Kurram Karam  tribal agency is located in Federally Administered Tribal Areas  area.

Mohmand Agency
Thed Agency  was created in 1951 before whichd Tribesre administered by Deputy Commissioner based inawar, North-West Frontier Province,.

Orakzai Agency
Orakzai Agency is Federally Administered Tribal Areas.

North Agency
North  is northern, a mountainous region northwest, bordering covering 11 585 km² .

Miran Shah
Miranshah  is a town in North Agency capital city Federally Administered Tribal Areas .

South Agency
South  is southern, a mountainous region northwest, bordering covering 11,585 km² .

National Football League playoffs
The National Football League  playoffs are a single-elimination tournament that happen at end 16-game regular season.

1981-82 NHL season
The 1981–82 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

List NHL franchise post-season appearance streaks
This is a list active all-time NHL franchise post-season appearance streaks up to including 2007–08 NHL season subsequent 2008ley Cup Playoffs.

Franz Xaver Süßmayr
Franz Xaver Süßmayr  was an composer.

Catch Me If You Can
Catch Me if You Can is a 1980 book byk Abagnale.

Maronite Church
Maronites  are members Syriac Catholic Churches, with a heritage reaching back to Maron in early century.

Pantomime
Pantomime  is aatre entertainment usually performed around Christmas New Year in Britain a few other-speaking countries.

Michael Collins (astronaut)
Major General Michael Collins  was an astronaut test pilot.

Saturn V
Saturn V was rocket type used by NASA in Apollo program.

Kajaani
Kajaani  is a town in region Kainuu, province Oulu,d.

Michael Collins (Irish leader)
Michael John  Collins  was an revolutionary leader.

Sophora davidii
Sophora davidii is a deciduous shrub from south-west China.

School
School is a place  where people are taughtthing.

Worthing
Worthing is town in West Sussex,d.

Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award
The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Super Bowl MVP, is an award given at end Super Bowl, National Football League's championship game, to player who was in game.

Happy Meal
A Happy Meal is a meal made by McDonalds, aimed at children.

Dalhem
Dalhem is a municipality located in province Liège.

Daverdisse
Daverdisse is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

De
De is a municipality located in province Westders.

De Panne
De Panne is a municipality located in province Westders.

De Pinte
De Pinte is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Deerlijk
Deerlijk is a municipality located in province Westders.

Deinze
Deinze is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Denderleeuw
Denderleeuw is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Dendermonde
Dendermonde is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Dentergem
Dentergem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Dessel
Dessel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Destelbergen
Destelbergen is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Diepenbeek
Diepenbeek is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Diest
Diest is a municipality located in provincet.

Diksmuide
Diksmuide is a municipality located in province Westders.

Dilbeek
Dilbeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Dilsen-Stokkem
Dilsen-Stokkem is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Dinant
Dinant is a municipality located in province Namur.

Dison
Dison is a municipality located in province Liège.

Doische
Doische is a municipality located in province Namur.

Donceel
Donceel is a municipality located in province Liège.

Dour
Dour is a municipality found in province Hainaut.

Drogenbos
Drogenbos is a municipality located in provincet.

Duffel
Duffel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Durbuy
Durbuy is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Ecaussinnes
Ecaussinnes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Edegem
Edegem is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Eeklo
Eeklo is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Eghezée
Eghezée is a municipality located in province Namur.

Ellezelles
Ellezelles is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Elsene
Ixelles is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Enghien
Enghien is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Engis
Engis is a municipality located in province Liège.

Erezée
Erezée is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Erpe-Mere
Erpe-Mere is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Erquelinnes
Erquelinnes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Esneux
Esneux is a municipality located in province Liège.

Essen (Belgium)
Essen is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Estaimpuis
Estaimpuis is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Estinnes
Estinnes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Etalle
Etalle is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Etterbeek
Etterbeek is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Eupen
Eupen is a municipality located in province Liège.

Evere
Evere is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Evergem
Evergem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Isaac (disambiguation)
Isaac, Itzhak Yitzhak  is a patriarch in Book Genesis.

Faimes
Faimes is a municipality located in province Liège.

Farciennes
Farciennes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Fauvillers
Fauvillers is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Fernelmont
Fernelmont is a municipality located in province Namur.

Ferrières
Ferrières is a municipality located in province Liège.

Fexhe-le-Haut-Clocher
Fexhe-le-Haut-Clocher is a municipality located in province Liège.

Flémalle
Flémalle is a municipality located in province Liège.

Fléron
Fléron is a municipality located in province Liège.

Fleurus
Fleurus is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Flobecq
Flobecq is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Floreffe
Floreffe is a municipality located in province Namur.

Florennes
Florennes is a municipality located in province Namur.

Florenville
Florenville is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Fontaine-l'Evêque
Fontaine-l'Evêque is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Fosses-la-Ville
Fosses-la-Ville is a municipality located in province Namur.

Frameries
Frameries is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Frasnes-lez-Anvaing
Frasnes-lez-Anvaing is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Froidchapelle
Froidchapelle is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Galmaarden
Galmaarden is a municipality located in provincet.

Ganshoren
Ganshoren is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Gavere
Gavere is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Gedinne
Gedinne is a municipality located in province Namur.

Geel
Geel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Geer
Geer is a municipality located in province Liège.

Geetbets
Geetbets is a municipality located in provincet.

Gembloux
Gembloux is a municipality located in province Namur.

Genappe
Genappe is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Genk
Genk is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Ghent
Ghent is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Geraardsbergen
Geraardsbergen is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Gerpinnes
Gerpinnes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Gesves
Gesves is a municipality located in province Namur.

Gingelom
Gingelom is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Gistel
Gistel is a municipality located in province Westders.

Glabbeek
Glabbeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Gooik
Gooik is a municipality located in provincet.

Gouvy
Gouvy is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Grâce-Hollogne
Grâce-Hollogne is a municipality located in province Liège.

Grez-Doiceau
Grez-Doiceau is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Grimbergen
Grimbergen is a municipality located in provincet.

Grobbendonk
Grobbendonk is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Haacht
Haacht is a municipality located in provincet.

Wild card (sports)
The word wild cardly means a tournament playoff berth given to an person team that did not make that playoff tournament through normal play.

Haaltert
Haaltert is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Habay
Habay is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Halen
Halen is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Halle (Belgium)
Halle is a municipality located in provincet.

Ham (Belgium)
Ham is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Ham-sur-Heure-Nalinnes
Ham-sur-Heure-Nalinnes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Hamme
Hamme is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Hamoir
Hamoir is a municipality located in province Liège.

Hamois
Hamois is a municipality located in province Namur.

Hamont-Achel
Hamont-Achel is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Hannut
Hannut is a municipality located in province Liège.

Harelbeke
Harelbeke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Hastière
Hastière is a municipality located in province Namur.

Havelange
Havelange is a municipality located in province Namur.

Hechtel-Eksel
Hechtel-Eksel is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Heers
Heers is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Heist-op-den-Berg
Heist-op-den-Berg is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Hélécine
Hélécine is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Hemiksem
Hemiksem is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Hensies
Hensies is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Herbeumont
Herbeumont is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Herent
Herent is a municipality located in provincet.

Herentals
Herentals is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Herenthout
Herenthout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Herk-de-Stad
Herk-de-Stad is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Herne (Belgium)
Herne is a municipality located in provincet.

Héron
Héron is a municipality located in province Liège.

Herselt
Herselt is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Herstal
Herstal is a municipality located in province Liège.

Herstappe
Herstappe is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Herve
Herve is a municipality located in province Liège.

Herzele
Herzele is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Heusden-Zolder
Heusden-Zolder is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Heuvelland
Heuvelland is a municipality located in province Westders.

Hoegaarden
Hoegaarden is a municipality located in provincet.

Hoeilaart
Hoeilaart is a municipality located in provincet.

Hoeselt
Hoeselt is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Holsbeek
Holsbeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Honnelles
Honnelles is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Hooglede
Hooglede is a municipality located in province Westders.

Hoogstraten
Hoogstraten is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Horebeke
Horebeke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Hotton
Hotton is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Houffalize
Houffalize is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Houthalen-Helchteren
Houthalen-Helchteren is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Houthulst
Houthulst is a municipality located in province Westders.

Houyet
Houyet is a municipality located in province Namur.

Hove
Hove is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Huldenberg
Huldenberg is a municipality located in provincet.

Hulshout
Hulshout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Huy
Huy is a municipality located in province Liège.

Friedrich Rittelmeyer
Friedrich Rittelmeyer  was a protestantologian.

Ichtegem
Ichtegem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Ieper
Ieper is a municipality located in province Westders.

Incourt
Incourt is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Ingelmunster
Ingelmunster is a municipality located in province Westders.

Ittre
Ittre is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Izegem
Izegem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Jabbeke
Jabbeke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Jalhay
Jalhay is a municipality located in province Liège.

Jemeppe-sur-Sambre
Jemeppe-sur-Sambre is a municipality located in province Namur.

Jette
Jette is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Jodoigne
Jodoigne is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Juprelle
Juprelle is a municipality located in province Liège.

Jurbise
Jurbise is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Kalmthout
Kalmthout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Kampenhout
Kampenhout is a municipality located in provincet.

Kapelle-op-den-Bos
Kapelle-op-den-Bos is a municipality located in provincet.

Kapellen, Belgium
Kapellen is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Kaprijke
Kaprijke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Kasterlee
Kasterlee is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Keerbergen
Keerbergen is a municipality located in provincet.

Kelmis
Kelmis is a municipality located in province Liège.

Kinrooi
Kinrooi is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Kluisbergen
Kluisbergen is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Knesselare
Knesselare is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Knokke-Heist
Knokke-Heist is a municipality located in province Westders.

Koekelare
Koekelare is a municipality located in province Westders.

Koekelberg
Koekelberg is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Koksijde
Koksijde is a municipality located in province Westders.

Kontich
Kontich is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Kortemark
Kortemark is a municipality located in province Westders.

Kortenaken
Kortenaken is a municipality located in provincet.

Kortenberg
Kortenberg is a municipality located in provincet.

Kortessem
Kortessem is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Kortrijk
Kortrijk is a municipality located in province Westders.

Kraainem
Kraainem is a municipality located in provincet.

Kruibeke
Kruibeke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Kruishoutem
Kruishoutem is a municipality found in province Eastders.

Kuurne
Kuurne is a municipality located in province Westders.

La Bruyère
La Bruyère is a municipality located in province Namur.

La Hulpe
La Hulpe is a municipality located in province Walloont.

La Louvière
La Louvière is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

La Roche-en-Ardenne
La Roche-en-Ardenne is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Laakdal
Laakdal is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Laarne
Laarne is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Lanaken
Lanaken is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Landen
Landen is a municipality located in provincet.

Langemark-Poelkapelle
Langemark-Poelkapelle is a municipality located in province Westders.

Lasne
Lasne is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Le Roeulx
Le Roeulx is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Lebbeke
Lebbeke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Lede
Lede is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Ledegem
Ledegem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Léglise
Léglise is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Lendelede
Lendelede is a municipality located in province Westders.

Lennik
Lennik is a municipality located in provincet.

Lens (Belgium)
Lens is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Leopoldsburg
Leopoldsburg is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Les Bons Villers
Les Bons Villers is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Lessines
Lessines is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Leuven
Leuven is a municipality located in provincet.

Leuze-en-Hainaut
Leuze-en-Hainaut is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Libin
Libin is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Libramont-Chevigny
Libramont-Chevigny is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Lichtervelde
Lichtervelde is a municipality located in province Westders.

Liedekerke
Liedekerke is a municipality located in provincet.

Karyotype
A Karyotype is an image an animal's chromosomes.

Liège
Liège  is a city in Belgium.

Lier
Lier is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Lierde
Lierde is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Lierneux
Lierneux is a municipality located in province Liège.

Lille (Belgium)
Lille is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Lincent
Lincent is a municipality located in province Liège.

Linkebeek
Linkebeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Lint (Belgium)
Lint is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Linter
Linter is a municipality located in provincet.

Lo-Reninge
Lo-Reninge is a municipality located in province Westders.

Lobbes
Lobbes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Lochristi
Lochristi is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Lokeren
Lokeren is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Lommel
Lommel is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Londerzeel
Londerzeel is a municipality located in provincet.

Idomeneo
"Idomeneo" is an opera byg Amadeus Mozart.

Lontzen
Lontzen is a municipality located in province Liège.

Lovendegem
Lovendegem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Lubbeek
Lubbeek is a municipality located in provincet.

Lummen
Lummen is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Maarkedal
Maarkedal is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Maaseik
Maaseik is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Maasmechelen
Maasmechelen is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Machelen
Machelen is a municipality located in provincet.

Maldegem
Maldegem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Malle
Malle is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Malmedy
Malmedy is a municipality located in province Liège.

Manage
Manage is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Manhay
Manhay is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Marche-en-Famenne
Marche-en-Famenne is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Marchin
Marchin is a municipality located in province Liège.

Martelange
Martelange is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Mechelen
Mechelen is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Meerhout
Meerhout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Meeuwen-Gruitrode
Meeuwen-Gruitrode is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Meise
Meise is a municipality located in provincet.

Meix-devant-Virton
Meix-devant-Virton is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Melle
Melle is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Menen
Menen is a municipality located in province Westders.

Merbes-le-Château
Merbes-le-Château is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Merchtem
Merchtem is a municipality located in provincet.

Merelbeke
Merelbeke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Merksplas
Merksplas is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Mesen
Mesen is a municipality located in province Westders.

Messancy
Messancy is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Mettet
Mettet is a municipality located in province Namur.

Meulebeke
Meulebeke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Middelkerke
Middelkerke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Modave
Modave is a municipality located in province Liège.

Moerbeke
Moerbeke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Momignies
Momignies is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Mont-de-l'Enclus
Mont-de-l'Enclus is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Mont-Saint-Guibert
Mont-Saint-Guibert is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Montigny-le-Tilleul
Montigny-le-Tilleul is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Moorslede
Moorslede is a municipality located in province Westders.

Morlanwelz
Morlanwelz is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Mortsel
Mortsel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Mouscron
Mouscron is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Musson
Musson is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Nandrin
Nandrin is a municipality located in province Liège.

Nassogne
Nassogne is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Nazareth (Belgium)
Nazareth is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Neerpelt
Neerpelt is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Neufchâteau
Neufchâteau is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Neupré
Neupré is a municipality located in province Liège.

Nevele
Nevele is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Niel
Niel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Nieuwerkerken
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Nieuwpoort
Nieuwpoort is a municipality located in province Westders.

Nijlen
Nijlen is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Ninove
Ninove is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Nivelles
Nivelles is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Ohey
Ohey is a municipality located in province Namur.

Olen
Olen is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Olne
Olne is a municipality located in province Liège.

Onhaye
Onhaye is a municipality located in province Namur.

Oosterzele
Oosterzele is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Oostkamp
Oostkamp is a municipality located in province Westders.

Oostrozebeke
Oostrozebeke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Opglabbeek
Opglabbeek is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Opwijk
Opwijk is a municipality located in provincet.

Oreye
Oreye is a municipality located in province Liège.

Orp-Jauche
Orp-Jauche is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Oud-Heverlee
Oud-Heverlee is a municipality located in provincet.

Oud-Turnhout
Oud-Turnhout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Oudenaarde
Oudenaarde is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Oudenburg
Oudenburg is a municipality located in province Westders.

Oudergem
Oudergem is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Ouffet
Ouffet is a municipality located in province Liège.

Oupeye
Oupeye is a municipality located in province Liège.

Carbohydrate
Carbohydrates are chemical compounds that contain only oxygen, hydrogen carbon.

Overijse
Overijse is a municipality located in provincet.

Overpelt
Overpelt is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Paliseul
Paliseul is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Pecq
Pecq is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Peer (Belgium)
Peer is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Pepingen
Pepingen is a municipality located in provincet.

Pepinster
Pepinster is a municipality located in province Liège.

Péruwelz
Péruwelz is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Perwez
Perwez is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Philippeville
Philippeville is a municipality located in province Namur.

Pittem
Pittem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Plombières
Plombières is a municipality located in province Liège.

Pont-à-Celles
Pont-à-Celles is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Poperinge
Poperinge is a municipality located in province Westders.

Profondeville
Profondeville is a municipality located in province Namur.

Putte
Putte is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Puurs
Puurs is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Quaregnon
Quaregnon is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Quévy
Quévy is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Quiévrain
Quiévrain is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Raeren
Raeren is a municipality located in province Liège.

Ramillies
Ramillies is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Ranst
Ranst is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Ravels
Ravels is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Rebecq
Rebecq is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Remicourt
Remicourt is a municipality located in province Liège.

Rendeux
Rendeux is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Retie
Retie is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Riemst
Riemst is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Rijkevorsel
Rijkevorsel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Rixensart
Rixensart is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Rochefort
Rochefort is a municipality located in province Namur.

Roeselare
Roeselare is a municipality located in province Westders.

Ronse
Ronse is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Roosdaal
Roosdaal is a municipality located in provincet.

Rotselaar
Rotselaar is a municipality located in provincet.

Rouvroy
Rouvroy is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Ruiselede
Ruiselede is a municipality located in province Westders.

Rumes
Rumes is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Rumst
Rumst is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Saint-Georges-sur-Meuse
Saint-Georges-sur-Meuse is a municipality located in province Liège.

Saint-Ghislain
Saint-Ghislain is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Saint-Hubert
Saint-Hubert is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Saint-Léger
Saint-Léger is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Saint-Nicolas
Saint-Nicolas is a municipality located in province Liège.

Saint-Vith
Saint-Vith is a municipality located in province Liège.

Sainte-Ode
Sainte-Ode is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Sambreville
Sambreville is a municipality located in province Namur.

Schaarbeek
Schaarbeek is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Schelle
Schelle is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Scherpenheuvel-Zichem
Scherpenheuvel-Zichem is a municipality located in provincet.

Schilde
Schilde is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Schoten
Schoten is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Seneffe
Seneffe is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Seraing
Seraing is a municipality located in province Liège.

Silly
Silly is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Sint-Agatha-Berchem
Sint-Agatha-Berchem is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Sintds
Sintds is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Sint-Genesius-Rode
Sint-Genesius-Rode  is a municipality located in provincet.

Sint-Gillis
Sint-Gillis is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Sint-Gillis-Waas
Sint-Gillis-Waas is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Sint-Jans-Molenbeek
Sint-Jans-Molenbeek is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Sint-Joost-ten-Node
Sint-Joost-ten-Node is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Sint-Katelijne-Waver
Sint-Katelijne-Waver is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe
Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Sint-Laureins
Sint-Laureins is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Sint-Lievens-Houtem
Sint-Lievens-Houtem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Sint-Martens-Latem
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Sint-Niklaas
Sint-Niklaas is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Sint-Pieters-Leeuw
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw is a municipality located in provincet.

Sint-Pieters-Woluwe
Sint-Pieters-Woluwe is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Sint-Truiden
Sint-Truiden is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Sivry-Rance
Sivry-Rance is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Soignies
Soignies is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Sombreffe
Sombreffe is a municipality located in province Namur.

Somme-Leuze
Somme-Leuze is a municipality located in province Namur.

Soumagne
Soumagne is a municipality located in province Liège.

Spa
Spa is a municipality located in province Liège.

Spiere-Helkijn
Spiere-Helkijn is a municipality located in province Westders.

Sprimont
Sprimont is a municipality located in province Liège.

Stabroek
Stabroek is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Staden
Staden is a municipality located in province Westders.

Stavelot
Stavelot is a municipality located in province Liège.

Steenokkerzeel
Steenokkerzeel is a municipality located in provincet.

Stekene
Stekene is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Stoumont
Stoumont is a municipality located in province Liège.

Tellin
Tellin is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Temse
Temse is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Tenneville
Tenneville is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Ternat
Ternat is a municipality located in provincet.

Tervuren
Tervuren is a municipality located in provincet.

Tessenderlo
Tessenderlo is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Theux
Theux is a municipality located in province Liège.

Thimister-Clermont
Thimister-Clermont is a municipality found in province Liège.

Thuin
Thuin is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Tielt
Tielt is a municipality located in province Westders.

Tielt-Winge
Tielt-Winge is a municipality located in provincet.

Tienen
Tienen is a municipality located in provincet.

Tinlot
Tinlot is a municipality located in province Liège.

Tintigny
Tintigny is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Tongeren
Tongeren is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Torhout
Torhout is a municipality located in province Westders.

Tournai
Tournai is a municipality located in province Hainaut.

Tremelo
Tremelo is a municipality located in provincet.

Trois-Ponts
Trois-Ponts is a municipality located in province Liège.

Trooz
Trooz is a municipality located in province Liège.

Tubize
Tubize is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Turnhout
Turnhout is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Ukkel
Ukkel is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Vaux-sur-Sûre
Vaux-sur-Sûre is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Verlaine
Verlaine is a municipality located in province Liège.

Verviers
Verviers is a municipality located in province Liège.

Veurne
Veurne is a municipality located in province Westders.

Vielsalm
Vielsalm is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Villers-la-Ville
Villers-la-Ville is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Villers-le-Bouillet
Villers-le-Bouillet is a municipality located in province Liège.

Vilvoorde
Vilvoorde is a municipality located in provincet.

Viroinval
Viroinval is a municipality located in province Namur.

Virton
Virton is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Visé
Visé is a municipality located in province Liège.

Vleteren
Vleteren is a municipality located in province Westders.

Voeren
Voeren is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Vorselaar
Vorselaar is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Vorst
Vorst is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Vosselaar
Vosselaar is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Vresse-sur-Semois
Vresse-sur-Semois is a municipality located in province Namur.

Waarschoot
Waarschoot is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Waasmunster
Waasmunster is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Wachtebeke
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Waimes
Waimes is a municipality located in province Liège.

Walcourt
Walcourt is a municipality located in province Namur.

Walhain
Walhain is a municipality found in province Walloont.

Wanze
Wanze is a municipality located in province Liège.

Waregem
Waregem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Waremme
Waremme is a municipality located in province Liège.

Wasseiges
Wasseiges is a municipality located in province Liège.

Waterloo
Waterloo is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Watermaal-Bosvoorde
Watermaal-Bosvoorde is a municipality located in Brussels-Capital Region.

Wavre
Wavre is a municipality located in province Walloont.

Welkenraedt
Welkenraedt is a municipality located in province Liège.

Wellen
Wellen is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Wellin
Wellin is a municipality located in province Luxembourg.

Wemmel
Wemmel is a municipality located in provincet.

Wervik
Wervik is a municipality located in province Westders.

Westerlo
Westerlo is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Wetteren
Wetteren is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Wevelgem
Wevelgem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Wezembeek-Oppem
Wezembeek-Oppem is a municipality located in provincet.

Wichelen
Wichelen is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Wielsbeke
Wielsbeke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Wijnegem
Wijnegem is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Willebroek
Willebroek is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Wingene
Wingene is a municipality located in province Westders.

Wommelgem
Wommelgem is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Wortegem-Petegem
Wortegem-Petegem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Wuustwezel
Wuustwezel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Yvoir
Yvoir is a municipality located in province Namur.

Zandhoven
Zandhoven is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Zaventem
Zaventem is a municipality located in provincet.

Zedelgem
Zedelgem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Zele
Zele is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zelzate
Zelzate is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zemst
Zemst is a municipality located in provincet.

Zingem
Zingem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zoersel
Zoersel is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Zomergem
Zomergem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zonhoven
Zonhoven is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Zonnebeke
Zonnebeke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Zottegem
Zottegem is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zoutleeuw
Zoutleeuw is a municipality located in provincet.

Zuienkerke
Zuienkerke is a municipality located in province Westders.

Zulte
Zulte is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zutendaal
Zutendaal is a municipality located in province Limburg.

Zwalm
Zwalm is a municipality located in province Eastders.

Zwevegem
Zwevegem is a municipality located in province Westders.

Zwijndrecht
Zwijndrecht is a municipality located in province Antwerp.

Sai Baba Shirdi
Sai Baba Shirdi (d.

Mast-Allah
A Mast-Allah  is a spiritual person in Muslim religion called Sufism.

Bob Sauvé
Robert F.

Salarzai Tehsil
Salarzais, along with Kakazai Wur, are four clansis.

Utmankhel (Qzafi) Tehsil
The Khelkhel  are atun tribe who occupy hills to northawar in North-West Frontier Province.

Bara Tehsil
Bara  is a tehsil located in Khyber Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas,.

Jamrud
Jamrud , is a town located in Khyber Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas.

Upper Orakzai Tehsil
Upper Orakzai is a National Assembly constituency situated in Orakzai Agency in Federally Administered Tribal Areas.

Ghulam Tehsil
Ghulam  is town in North Agency, FATA,.

Mir Ali Tehsil
Mir Ali is a town in .

Razmak Tehsil
Razmak is three sub-divisions North Agency, other two beingah Mirali.

Birmal Tehsil
Bermal  is a community in Paktika Province,, near border with North,'s Federally Administered Tribal Areas.

Sofiensaal
Sofiensaal  is a public bath concert venue in Vienna.

Ordinary language philosophy
Ordinary language philosophy is a way doing philosophy that usesdinary, everyday words.

Attock Tehsil
Attock Tehsil  is six tehsils  Attock District in Punjab province.

Fateh Jang Tehsil
Fateh Jang Tehsil is an administrative subdivision , Attock District in Punjab province.

Jand Tehsil
Jand Tehsil is six tehsils  Attock District in Punjab province.

Hazro Tehsil
Hazro Tehsil is six tehsils  Attock District in Punjab province, it is a newly created tehsilss NA-57 constituency Attock.

Awaran Tehsil
Awaran  is capital District in province.

Jhal Jhao Tehsil
Jhal Jhao  is a town in southern, in District.

Korak Tehsil
Korak is town Union Council District in province.

Badin
Badin  is a town located in Sindh, east Indus River.

Matli Taluka
Matli is taluka Badin District in Sindh province, it is administratively Union Councils.

Bahawalnagar Tehsil
Bahawalnagar Tehsil is a city tehsil Bahawalnagar District in Punjab province lies just south Sutlej River, its population according to 1998 census was 2,061,000.

Chishtian Tehsil
Chishtian  is a city located in Bahawalnagar District Punjab Province, also known as "Shehr-e-Muhabbat" (city Love.Its location on globe is 29.48 North 072.50 East.

Fort Abbas Tehsil
Fort Abbas wasly known as 'Pholra'.

Haroonabad Tehsil
Haroonabad  is a tehsil  Bahawalnagar District, in Punjab Province.

Ahmedpur Sharqia Tehsil
Ahmadpur East is five tehsils  Bahawalpur District in Punjab province.

Bahawalpur Tehsil
Bahawalpur Tehsil   is a city (1998 pop.

Hasilpur Tehsil
Hasilpur is a city Bahawalpur District in east central Punjab,.

Christopher Smart
Christopher Smart  was a famous poet.

Bhakkar Tehsil
Bhakkar  is city principle city Bhakkar District, Punjab,.

Darya Tehsil
Darya is a town tehsil Bhakkar District in Punjab Province.

Bhimber Tehsil
Bhimber is chief town Bhimber District, Azadmir.

Bhag Tehsil
Bhag  is a city located in District in province.

Chagai Tehsil
Chagai is capital Chagai District in province.

Nushki Tehsil
Nushki , a town district, lies in south-west Quetta.

Chakwal Tehsil
Chakwal  is main town Chakwal District, Punjab, is located 90 km south-east federal capital, Islamabad.

Talagang Tehsil
Talagang Tehsil is a subdivision  Chakwal District in Punjab province.

Charsadda Tehsil
Charsadda  is a town headquarters Charsadda District, in North-West Frontier Province.

Tangi Tehsil
Tangi is a town intnagar, Charsadda District, North-West Frontier Province,.

Taunsa Tehsil
Taunsa Sharif Taunsa is a Tehsil  Dera Ghazi District in Punjab province.

Kulachi Tehsil
Kulachi is a city headquarters Kulachi Tehsil  Dera Ismail District in North-West Frontier Province,.

Paharpur Tehsil
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Dera Ismail District in North-West Frontier Province.

Banihal Tehsil
Banihal is a town a notified area committee in Doda District disputed territory Occupiedmir .

Bhaderwah Tehsil
Bhaderwah is a town a notified area committee in Doda District in-occupied state Maqbuzamir,mir region.

Andy Roddick
Andrew 'Andy' Roddick born August 30, 1982) is a proffesional tennis player.

Kishtwar Tehsil
Kishtwar is a town a notified area committee in Doda District in Maqbuzamir,mir region .

Ramban Tehsil
Ramban is a newly created district in Maqbuzamir .

La Clemenza di Tito
"La clemenza di Tito"  is an "opera" composed byg Amadeus Mozart.

Ghotki
Ghotki  Ghotki is a town Sindh,.

Mirpur Mathelo
Mirpur Mathelo is a town in Ghotki District, Sindh province,.

Kamoki Tehsil
Kamoke is a Tehsilwala District located ond Trunk Road, it is headquartered at Kāmoke which is approximately 40km fromwala - district capital.

Nowshera Tehsil
Nowshera is a townst industrial citywala,.

Wazirabad Tehsil
Wazirabad  is an industrial city located inwala District, Punjab,.

Gujrat Tehsil
Gujrat Tehsil is a subdivision  Gujrat District in Punjab province.

Kharian Tehsil
Kharian Tehsil is a subdivision  Gujrat District in Punjab province.

Sarai Alamgir Tehsil
Sarai Alamgir  (pop.

Jiwani Tehsil
Jiwani port is located along Sea in Gwadar District,,.

Ormara Tehsil
Ormara  is a port city  located in coastal region province.

Pasni Tehsil
Pasni Tehsil  is a subdivision  Gwadar District in province.

Hafizabad Tehsil
Hafizabad is a city tehsil Hafizabad District in Punjab province.

Jacobabad Taluka
Jacobabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Jacobabad District, Sindh,.

Bishnah Tehsil
Bishnah is a town a notified area committee in Jammu District in disputed territorymir region .

Chiniot Tehsil
Chiniot  is a city in Punjab province.

Shorkot Tehsil
Shorkot is centerg District, Punjab,.

Jhelum Tehsil
Jhelum Tehsil is an administrative subdivision Jhelum District in Punjab province,.

Sohawa Tehsil
Sohawa is tehsils  Jhelum District, situated in Punjab province.

Pind Tehsil
Pind  is a tehsil, a minor administrative area Jhelum District, Punjab,.

Dina
Dina  is a rapidly expanding commercial town in Jhelum District province Punjab,.

Banda Daud Shah Tehsil
Banda Daud Shah is a town in North-West Frontier Province.

Takht-e-Nasrati Tehsil
Takht-e-Nasarati is an administrative subdivision  Karak District in North-West Frontier Province.

Kashmore
Kashmore  is a city inmor District, Sindh,.

Chunian Tehsil
Chunian is an historic city Punjab,.

Kasur Tehsil
Kasur , city Bulleh Shah capital Kasur District, is located 55 km southeast Lahore, is oldest cities in.

Pattoki Tehsil
Pattoki Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Kasur District in Punjab province.

Kabirwala Tehsil
Kabirwala Tehsil is a subdivision ewal District in Punjab province.

Khanewal Tehsil
Khanewal Tehsil is a subdivision ewal District in Punjab province.

Jahanian Tehsil
Jahanian  is an administative subdivision, tehsil,ewal District in Punjab province.

Miannu Tehsil
Miannu Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ewal District in Punjab province.

Kharan Tehsil
Kharan  is a town in District,,.

Kohlu Tehsil
Kohlu  is a town in Kohlu District in,.

Liane de Pougy
Liane de Pougy , was a Folies Bergères dancer who became famous for being Paris's courtesans.

Handwara Tehsil
Handwara is a town a notified area committee in Kupwara District disputed territory-Heldmir .

Kupwara Tehsil
Kupwara is a town a notified area committee in Kupwara District,mir .

Depalpur Tehsil
Depalpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Okara District in Punjab province, headquartered at town Depalpur .

Renala Khurd Tehsil
Renala Khurd is an administrative subdivision  Okara District in Punjab province.

Gadani Tehsil
Gadanii is located in Lasbela District,,.

Hub Tehsil
Hub Tehsil  is located in Lasbela District,,.

Sonmiani Tehsil
Sonmiani is a coastal town in southeast province in, approximately 45 kilometres northwest Karachi.

Uthal Tehsil
Uthal is a city in Lasbela District,,.

Lodhran Tehsil
Lodhran is chief city District in Punjab province.

Balakot Tehsil
Balakot Tehsil  is a subdivision Mansehra District in North-West Frontier Province.

Mansehra Tehsil
Mansehra  city is located at 34°20′N 73°12′ECoordinates: 34°20′N 73°12′E in Mansehra District, North-West Frontier Province,.

Oghi Tehsil
Oghi Tehsil is a sub-district  Mansehra District in North-West Frontier Province.

Mardan Tehsil
Mardan  is a city headquarters District in North-West Frontier Province .

Takht Bhai Tehsil
Takht-i-Bahi  is a Buddhist monastic complex dating back to century BC.

Dasht Tehsil
Dasht is a town tehsil Kech District in province.

Mastung Tehsil
Mastung, capital Mastung District, is a town in province.

Hala, Sindh
Hala  is a town ini province Sindh.

Matiari
Matiari  is capital city Matyari District, Sindh,.

Isakhel Tehsil
Isakhel Tehsil is an administrative subdivision wali District in Punjab province.

Mianwali Tehsil
Mianwali  is capital citywali District in north-west Punjab province,.

Piplan Tehsil
Piplan is a town tehsilwali District, situated in southern Punjab, .

Mumtazabad Tehsil
Mumtazabad Colony is oldest yetll-planned housing areas in Punjab province.

Sher Shah Tehsil
Sher Shah is a town in District in Punjab province.

Alipur Tehsil
Alipur is a tehsil, , Muzaffargarh District in Punjab province.

Jatoi Tehsil
Jatoi is a tehsil, an administrative subdivision, Muzaffargarh District in Punjab province, it is administratively Union Councils.

Kot Addu Tehsil
Kot Adu is a city Muzaffargarh District in Punjab province, city, which is Union Councils, is capital Kot Adu tehsil.

Muzaffargarh
Muzaffargarh  is a town in southwestern Punjab, located on bank Chenab River.

Sangla Hill Tehsil
Sangla Hill is a Tehsil in located ina Sahib District in Punjab Province.

Shahkot Tehsil
Shahkot is a Tehsila Sahib District,.

Narowal Tehsil
Narowal Tehsil is a subdivision  Narowal District in Punjab province.

Shakargarh Tehsil
Shakargarh Tehsil is a subdivision  Narowal District in Punjab province.

Jhal Magsi Tehsil
Jhal Magsi is a town in Kachhi District,,.

Dera Murad Jamali Tehsil
Dera Murad Jamali  is a city located in,.

Bhiria
Bhiria is a city inahro Feroze District Sindh in.

Moro
Moro is a city a tehsil inahro Feroze District Sindh,.

Mehrabpur
Mehrabpur is a town a tehsil inahro Feroze District Sindh in.

Chenani Tehsil
Chenani is a town a notified area committee in Udhampur District disputed territorymir .

Burewala Tehsil
Burewala Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Vehari District in Punjab province.

Mailsi Tehsil
Mailsi Tehsil is a subdivision  Vehari District in Punjab province.

Vehari Tehsil
Vehari Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Vehari District in Punjab province.

The Omen
"The Omen" is a 1976 suspense/horror movie directed by Richard Donner.

Faker
Faker is a band from Sydney, Australia.

Arifwala Tehsil
Arifwala is a town tehsil District in Punjab province is located at 30°16'60N 73°4'0E .

Pakpattan Tehsil
Pakpattan  is capital District in Punjab province.

Panjgur
Panjgur  is a town in Panjgur District, province,.

Bostan Tehsil
Bostan  is a town in province.

Pishin
Pishin  is a town located inin District,,.

Pampore Tehsil
Pampore is a town a notified area committee in Pulwama District in disputed occupied territory Occupiedmir .

Pulwama Tehsil
Pulwama is a town a notified area committee in Pulwama District inmir It is an areamir that is rich in agriculture.

Tral Tehsil
Tral is a town a notified area committee in Pulwama District in Occupiedmir .

Khanpur Tehsil
Khanpur  is a city in Punjab,.

Sadiqabad Tehsil
Sadiqabad is a subdivision  Rahimyar District in Punjab province.

Jampur Tehsil
Jampur is a city located inpur District, south Dera Ghazi, in centre.

Rajouri Tehsil
Rajouri is a town a notified area committee in Rajouri District in Occupiedmir .

Sunderbani Tehsil
Sunderbani is a town a notified area committee in Rajouri District in Occupiedmir .

Thanamandi Tehsil
Thanamandi is a town a notified area committee in Rajouri District Occupiedmir .

Gujar Tehsil
Gujar Tehsil, head-quartered at Gujar, is seven Tehsils  Rawalpindi District in Punjab province.

Kahuta Tehsil
Kahuta Tehsil  is seven Tehsils  Rawalpindi District in Punjab province.

Kallar Tehsil
Kallar is a tehsil  Rawalpindi District in Punjab province.

Kotli Tehsil
Kotli is a tehsil  Rawalpindi District in Punjab province.

Murree Tehsil
Murree Tehsil  is seven Tehsils  Rawalpindi District in Punjab province.

Rawalpindi Tehsil
Rawalpindi is a tehsil - an administrative subdivision - Rawalpindi District instern Punjab,, it contains district capital - city Rawalpindi.

Taxila Tehsil
Taxila Tehsil, head-quartered at Taxila, is seven Tehsils  Rawalpindi District in Punjab province.

Jhando Mari
Jhando Mari is a town Union Council Tando Allah Yaar District in Sindh Province.

Mithi
Mithi is a town in Tharparkar District, Sindh province,, located 300 kilometers from Karachi.

Spandau Ballet
Spandau Balletre an 1980s pop group.

Chevrolet Corvette
The Chevrolet Corvette is a sports car that has been built by Chevrolet since 1953.

Bhumibol Adulyadej
Bhumibol Adulyadej  , is current Kingd.

Don Edwards
Don Edwards  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played ten seasons in National Hockey League for Buffalo Sabres, Calgary Flames, Toronto Maple Leafs.

List NHL franchise post-season droughts
These are lists active all-time NHL team post-season, post-season series win,ley Cup Finalley Cup droughts up to including 2008ley Cup Playoffs.

Eine kleine Nachtmusik
"Eine kleine Nachtmusik" is given to Serenade No.

Jam Nawaz Ali Tehsil
Jam Nawaz Ali is a city in Sanghar District, Sindh, about 60 km from Sanghar city.

Khipro Tehsil
Khipro  Khipro is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, Sanghar District, Sindh, .

Sanghar Taluka
Sanghar Taluka  is a subdivision Sanghar District in province Sindh in.

Shahdadpur Tehsil
Shahdadpur is a city in Sindh, a province.

Sinjhoro Tehsil
Sinjoro is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, Sanghar District, Sindh,.

Tando Adam Tehsil
Tando Adam  is a town in Sindh,.

Bhalwal Tehsil
Bhalwal Tehsil is a subdivision  Sargodha District in Punjab province.

Sargodha Tehsil
Sargodha Tehsil is an administrative subdivision Sargodha District in Punjab province, tehsil is Union Councils - 22 which city Sargodha .

Sillanwali Tehsil
Sillanwali Tehsil is a subdivision  Sargodha District in Punjab province.

Puran Tehsil
Puran is a tehsilgla District North Frontier Province in.

Besham Tehsil
Besham  is town commercial centregla District in North-West Frontier Province.

Chakesar Tehsil
Chakesar is a towngla District in North-West Frontier Province.

Martung Tehsil
Martung Mārtung is a town tehsilgla District, North-West Frontier Province, .

Garhi Yaseen Tehsil
One four tehsils  Shikarpur District, Garhieen tehsil is great political historical significance to.

Daska Tehsil
Daska , is a industrial city with a population around 300,000 in Punjab province.

Pasrur Tehsil
Pasrur  is a town situated in Sialkot District, in Punjab province.

Sambrial Tehsil
Sambrial is a town tehsil Sialkot District in Punjab province.

Lehri Tehsil
Lehri is town Union Council Sibi District in province.

Sukkur Taluka
Sukkur City Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Sukkur District in Sindh province, city Sukkur is capital.

Rohri Taluka
Rohri Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Sukkur District in Sindh province, town Rohri is capital.

The Simpsons Season 1
The Simpsons Season 1 was season The Simpsons, featuring 13 full-length episodes.

Patrick Rafter
Patrick 'Pat' Rafter  is a retired professional tennis player from Australia.

Pat
Patrick 'Pat'  is a retired professional tennis player from Australia.

Steve Young (American football)
Steve Young , is a quarterback for NFL's Sancisco 49ers Tampa Bayeers.

Pioneer 10
Pioneer 10 was a spacecraft launched by NASA in March 1972.

Stadio Giuseppe Meazza
Stadio Giuseppe Meazza San Siro is a sports stadium in, Italy.

The Chronicles Narnia movie series
The Chronicles Narnia movie series are a series movies created by Walden Media distributed by Walt Disney.

List 2008 movies
Below is a list movies released in 2008,dered by release date.

Super Bowl XXXIV
Super Bowl XXXIV  was a Super Bowl game between St.

Anniversary
An anniversary is a day that celebrates an event that happened on same day month, but in a past year.

Evangelical Church iny
Thegelical Church iny  is a series 23 regional, Reformed Unitedt churches.

Dark Orbit
Dark Orbit is a MMORPG.

Season (sports)
In sports, a season is year that games that sport are played.

Billy Reid
Billy Reid is a footballer is currently manager Premier League club Hamilton Academical.

Csaba Laszlo
Csaba László  is a football manager player.

Mixu Paatelinen
Mika-Matti "Mixu" Paatelainen  is a retired football player is current manager.

Craig Brewster
Craig James Brewster, , is a manager professional footballer.

Jim Jeffries
Jim Jefferies  is football manager Premier League team Kilmarnock F.C..

Mark McGhee
Mark Edward McGhee  is a professional footballer current manager club Motherwell.

Walter Smith
Walter Smith, OBE  is a football player, but is better known as a football manager.

Richard Hamilton (artist)
Richard Hamilton  is an painter collage artist.

Peter Blake (artist)
Sir Peter Thomas Blake, CBE  is an pop artist, known for his design sleeve for The Beatles' album "Sgt.

Sehwan Sharif Tehsil
Sehwan Sharif is a city found in Dadu District Sindh,.

Dokri
Dokri  is a town ina District, Sindh province is capital town Dokri Taluka..

Okara Tehsil
Okara  is a city located in Okara District, Punjab,.

Landi Kotal Tehsil
Landi Kotal Landikotal  in is highest point on Khyber Pass 1,072 metres above sea level, a route across mountains from near-border city,awar.

Liège (province)
Liège is easternmost province Walloon Region, in Belgium.

Eastders
Eastders  is a provinceders, three regions Belgium.

Flemisht
flag = Image:Flemish_Brabant_Flag.png| governor = Lodewijk De Witte | population_as_of = 1 January 2005|t  is a provinceders, three regions Belgium.

Network card
A network card is a piece hardware that permits a computer toicipate in a computer network.

Genogram
A genogram is a family tree with medical details, such as whether person is male female, whether brothers sisters are twins.

Ahnentafel
An ahnentafel is a family tree where people are shown in a numbered list instead a tree.

Coupé
A coupé coupe ly is a sports car with a fixed roof two doors.

Gus MacPherson
Angus 'Gus' Ian MacPherson  is a footballer is currently manager St Mirren.

St Johnstone F.C.
St.

Bookcase
A bookcase, bookshelf, is a piece furniture that is books.

Spreadsheet
Aeet is a computer program.

Washington (disambiguation)
Countiesdington.

Bill "Red" Anderson
Bill "Red" Anderson  was a professional ice hockey player that played game with Boston Bruins in NHL.

John Aiken
John Aiken  was an ice hockey player.

Sebastien Centomo
Sebastien Centomo (born March 26, 1981 in Laval, Quebec is a professional ice hockey player who played game with Toronto Maple Leafs.

Alexander Andrijevski
Alexander Andrijevski  was a professional hockey player who played game for Chicago Blackhawks in National Hockey League.

1931-32 NHL season
The 1931–32 NHL season was fifteenth season National Hockey League.

Bigpoint GmbH
Bigpoint GmbH is a computer company that makes online browser games.

Abiogenesis
Abiogenesis is a science that studies how life on Earth came to be fromganic inorganic molecules.

Space Invasion
Space Invasion is a text-based online browser game.

Stromatolite
Stromatolites  are special rock structures.

Newington, London
Newington is an area in London Borough Southwark in London,d.

Makemake (dwarf planet)
"Makemake is a dwarf planet, discovered on March 31, 2005 by astronomers Michael E.

Encyclopedia Dramatica
Encyclopædia Dramatica is absite that stores/or satirizes current eventsmes, commonlyet-relateds.

Super Bowl XXXVI
Super Bowl XXXVI was an Super Bowl game played on February 3, 2002 ata Superdome in News,a.

Marc Bulger
Marc Robert Bulger   is starting quarterback for St.

Pro Bowl
The Pro Bowl is all-star game for National Football League .

Dennis Green
Dennis "Denny" Green  is a head coach for Minnesota Vikings Arizona Cardinals, in National Football League.

Emmitt Smith
Emmitt James Smith III  is a National Football League player who Cowboys Arizona Cardinals.

Herbarium
In botany, an herbarium is building where specimens are stored, scientific institute that not only stores but researchesse specimens.

Slash fiction
Slash fiction is fiction, especially fanfiction, that is about homosexual couples.

Big Brother UK 2008
Big Brother UK 2008 is series Big Brother UK.

Glory (religion)
Glory  is a word highness God, in Judeo religions.

Groin
The groin is crease at place where torso come together with leg crotch areas.

Bart Starr
Bryan Bartlett Starr  is a football player coach for National Football League.

Tom Coughlin
Thomas Richard Coughlin  is head coach for New Yorkts, 2007 National Football League  Super Bowl Champions.

Fenway Park
Fenway Park is home baseball stadium Major League Baseball team, Boston Red Sox.

Medial collateral ligament
The medial collateral ligament  is four major ligaments knee.

Green Monster
The Green Monster  is nickname green, 37-foot, two-inch  left field wall at Fenway Park, where Boston Red Sox play home games.

Josh McCown
Joshua Treadwell McCown  is an football quarterback for Miami Dolphins National Football League.

Injured reserve list
The injured reserve list is a list players who are injured can not play for a period time.

Amendment
An amendment is aalficial change made to a law, contract, constitution, other legal document.

Matt Leinart
Matthew Stephen Leinart  is an football quarterback for Arizona Cardinals National Football League.

Puzzle video game
A puzzle video game is a type video game that focuses on puzzle solving.

Patricia Heaton
Patricia Helen Heaton  is an Emmy Award-winning actress known for playing lead character Ray Barone's wife Debra Barone on CBS television sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond".

Mike Sweeney
Michael John Sweeney  is a baseman designated hitter in Major League Baseball ford Athletics.

James Caviezel
James Patrick Caviezel, Jr.

Human cloning
Human cloning is creation a human being, human cell, human tissue taken from another human.

Jeff
Jeffrey Scot , is a Major League Baseball pitcher for Milwaukee Brewers.

Donation
A donation is a gift usually given for charitable reasons.

Shake It (Metro Station song)
Shake It is a 2008 song by Metro Station.

Constant Lievens
Constant Lievens  is a  Jesuit priest, Missionary among tribal peoples India.

Precambrian
Pre-cambrian  is a word a time period.

Presidents' Trophy
The Presidents' Trophy is an award presented by National Hockey League  to team which finishes with points in league during regular season.

Prince Wales Trophy
The Prince Wales Trophy, simply Wales Trophy, is a National Hockey League  trophy  playoff champions.

Prince Wales (disambiguation)
Prince Wales is title traditionally given to heir apparent to reigning monarch United Kingdom.

Caorle
Caorle is a city on coast Veneto region in North-east Italy.

Pet Sounds
Pet Sounds is music album by band The Beach Boys , which was released in 1966.

SMiLE (album)
"SMiLE" was a Beach Boys album.

Greek Salad
Greek salad , 'country/village salad', is a dish from Greece.

Homo habilis
Homo habilis  used primative stone tools.

Avogadro's number
Avogadro's constant  is a number used in chemistry.

Books Kings
The Books Kings are a set books in Old Testament.

Under My Skin
Under My Skin is a 2004 album by Avril Lavigne.

World Music Award
The World Music Awards  is an international awards show that annually honors recording artists based onir worldwide sales figures, which are provided byational Federation Phonographic Industry .

The SpongeBobts Movie
"The SpongeBobts Movie" is a 2004 movie based on Nickelodeon's "SpongeBobts" television series.

Montecito, California
Montecito is a census-designated place  in Santa Barbara County, California.

Goo Goo Dolls
The Goo Goo Dolls are a rock banded in 1986 in Buffalo, New York by John Rzeznik Robby Takac.

Radio Disney
Radio Disney is a radio network based in Dallas, Texas in United States broadcasting music other content targeted at children young teenagers.

Losing Grip
Losing Grip is a 2003 single by Avril Lavigne.

Books Bible
Books Bible are listed differently in canons Jews, Catholic,t, Greek Orthodox, Slavonic Orthodox,, Apostolic, Syriac Churches, althoughre is substantial overlap.

The Jungle Book (1967 movie)
"The Jungle Book" is a 1967 animated movie.

Bambi's Children
"Bambi's Children, The Story a Forest Family"  is a book written by Felix Salten, printed translated from to in 1939.

Triforce
The Triforce is a mystic object in "The Legend Zelda" universe.

Book Common Prayer
The Book Common Prayer is an old prayer book.

9X Generation
Thế hệ 9X  is group people born between years 1990 1999.

The Legend Zelda (TV series)
"The Legend Zelda" is an animated series loosely based on "The Legend Zelda" '.

Hyrule
Hyrule is a fictional world in "The Legend Zelda" series.

Littlest Pet Shop (video game)
"Littlest Pet Shop" is an upcoming video game being made Electronic Arts.

Unforgiven (2008)
Unforgiven  was Unforgiven professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment .

WWE Unforgiven
WWE Unforgiven is a professional wrestling pay-per-view that happens every year in September.

Fill (music)
A fill in popular music is a instrumental passage, between melody lines a song.

Montevideo Convention
The Montevideo Convention on Rights Duties States is a treaty.

Gig
A gig is a word that bands use when talking aboutir live shows.

Folly
In architecture, a folly is a building constructed strictly as a decoration.

Littlest Pet Shop
"Littlest Pet Shop" are a line toys sold by Hasbro.

Pete Seeger
Pete Seeger  is an folk musician songwriter.

Strawberry Fields Forever
Strawberry Fields Forever is a song made by The Beatles.

German Bundesliga 08/09
The Bundesliga 08/09 is Bundesliga.

German Bundesliga 07/08
The Bundesliga 07/08 was Bundesliga.

German Bundesliga 06/07
VfB Stuttgart won Season Bundesliga.

Lucy (Australopithecus)
Lucy : "dinqineš", “Dinkenesh,” meaning “You are” "you are") is common AL 288-1, 40% complete "Australopithecus afarensis" skeleton discovered on November 24, 1974 byational Afar Research Expedition  in Valley Ethiopia's Afar Depression.

Dumbo (character)
Dumbo is titular character in Disney film Dumbo.He is an anthropomorphic elephant who has huge ears is able to fly, using his magic feather.

Inti Chauveau
Inti Christophe Chauveau  was a French professor.

Italian Mare Nostrum
Italian Mare Nostrum was given during World War II, by Benito Mussolini his fascist propaganda, to Sea under domination Kingdom Italy.

ArenaBowl
The ArenaBowl is Arena Football League's championship game.

New York Dragons
The New York Dragons are an Arena Football League team.

Amsterdam Admirals
The Amsterdam Admiralsre a professional football team in NFL Europa.

The Andy Griffith Show
"The Andy Griffith Show" is a television series sitcom starring Andy Griffith.

Happy Days
"Happy Days" is an TV show thatiginally aired on ABC between January 15, 1974 June 12, 1984.

Archie Bunker's Place
"Archie Bunker's Place" is an TV sitcom made by Lear.

Live Free Die Hard
"Live Free Die Hard"  is an action movie starring Bruce Willis Justin Long.

Texas Tech University
Texas Tech University is a public university in Lubbock, Texas.

Die Hard with ace
"Die Hard with ace" is a 1995 action movie starring Bruce Willis Samuel L.

Die Hard 2
"Die Hard 2"  is an action movie starring Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, William Sadler.

Die Hard
"Die Hard" is an action movie starring Bruce Willis.

Street Fighter 2010
is a beat 'em up video game made by Capcom for Nintendo Entertainment System.

Rayman Raving Rabbids
"Rayman Raving Rabbids" is ay video game made by Ubisoft for Wii, PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, Game Boyce, Nintendo DS game consoles.

Teleportation
Teleportation is ability to go from place to another without moving.

Capcom
is a video game company.

Mega Man Star Force 2
"Mega Man Star Force 2", known in as is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for Nintendo DS game console.

Mega Man Star Force
"Mega Man Star Force", known in as, is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for Nintendo DS game console.

Mega Man X8
is a platform video game made by Capcom for PlayStation 2 game console.

Mega Man X7
"Mega Man X7", called in, is a platform video game made by Capcom for PlayStation 2 game console.

Mega Man X6
"Mega Man X6", called in, is a platform video game made by Capcom for PlayStation game console.

Pikmin (series)
"Pikmin" is a series video games created by Nintendo that started on Nintendo GameCube in 2001.

Metroid Prime
"Metroid Prime" is a-person action-adventure video game made by Retro Studios published by Nintendo for Nintendo GameCube game console.

Minnesota Timberwolves
The Minnesota Timberwolves are a basketball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota in United States.

Longsword
The Longsword is a sword.

Resident Evil
"Resident Evil" is a survival horror media franchise which has had video games, movies, comics, novels, collectibles owned by Capcom.

Kofi Kingston
Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah, also known by his ring, Kofi Kingston, is a professional wrestler.

Red-necked Wallaby
The Red-necked Wallaby  is a medium-sized macropod, common ins eastern Australia.

Kolo Touré
Kolo Habib Touré , is an footballer who plays for Arsenal.

Battle Baghdad (1258)
The Battle Baghdad in 1258 was a victory for Mongol leader Hulagu, a grandson Genghis.

German Bundesliga 05/06
The Bundesliga 05/06 was Bundesliga.

German Bundesliga 04/05
The Bundesliga 04/05 was Bundesliga.

Credo
The Credo  is Mass.

J. D. Salinger
Jerome David Salinger   is an author, known for his 1951 novel "The Catcher in Rye".

2001 Formula One results
This is a list results standings for 2001 Formula One season.

Main Page/Article 9
Anna Sergeyvena Kournikova   is a model retired professional tennis player.

Luca Toni
Luca Toni Varchetta Delle Cave  is an World Cup-winning footballer.

Sara Gilbert
Sara Gilbert  is an actress famous for being Darlene Conner inne.

Aliciason
Alicia Lindason , also known as Lecyson, is an actress famous for her role as Becky Conner in TV show "Roseanne".

Ape Escape
"Ape Escape", known in as, is a platform video game for PlayStation.

Ken Kesey
Kenneth Elton Kesey  was an writer known for his novel "One Flew Over Cuckoo's Nest".

Liver cancer
Hepatic tumors are tumors growths on/in a liver.

One Flew Over Cuckoo's Nest (novel)
"One Flew Over Cuckoo's Nest"  is a novel written in 1959 by Ken Kesey published in 1962, set in a mental asylum in Oregon.

Fred Thompson
Fred Dalton Thompson  is an politician, actor, attorney, lobbyist.

John Glenn
John Herschel Glenn Jr.

Super Ubuntu
Super Ubuntu is an operating system based on Ubuntu, over which it contains various improvements.

Sahelanthropus tchadensis
"Sahelanthropus tchadensis" is a fossil ape, thought to have lived approximately 7 million years ago.

Remastersys
Uses.

Murray Langston
Murray Langston is a comedian writer.

Sahara pumpory
The Sahara Pump Theory explains how flora fauna left Africa to penetrate Middle East beyond to Europe Asia.

US Airways
US Airways, Inc.

Northwest Airlines
Northwest Airlines, Inc.

JetBlue Airways
JetBlue Airways is an low-cost airline owned by JetBlue Airways Corporation.

Erich Wasicky
Erich Wasicky  was a pharmacist at Mauthausen concentration camp.

Indie pop
Indie pop is a style indie music which is more popientated,, while Indie rock cantimes be more edgy.

Travis
Travis are an Indie pop band fromd.

The Boy with No Name
"The Boy with No Name" is latest release by Indie pop band Travis was released in May 2007.

Stuttering
Stuttering Stammering is a problem people have wheny speak.

Life expectancy
Life expectancy is how long a person is.

Autrans
Autrans is a village near Grenoble.

Nedeljko Vukasović
Nedjeljko Vukasović  is a child actor.

Claron McFadden
Claron McFadden is an soprano singer.

Demosthenes
Demosthenes  was all-known Greek statesmanator ancient Athens.

Mexicali
Mexicali is a city in Mexico.

Moblie (song)
Mobile is a song by Avril Lavigne.

Don't Tell Me
Don't Tell Me is a 2004 song by Avril Lavigne.

EasyJet
EasyJet Airliney Limited, styled as easyJet, is a low cost airline based at London Luton Airport.

Fly-by-wire
Mechanical hydro-mechanical flight control systems are heavy require routing flight control cables through aircraft using systems pulleys, cranks, wires, with hydraulically-assisted controls, hydraulic pipes.

Joystick
A joystick is an input device consisting a stick that pivots on a base reports its angle direction to device it is controlling.

Nobody's Home
"Nobody's Home" is Avril Lavigne's single from her album "Under My Skin".

Subsociality
Subsociality" is a social behaviour animals.

Harpo Marx
Arthur Marx , also called Harpo Marx , was Marx Brothers.

Klaus Barbie
Klaus Barbie  was an SS-"Hauptsturmführer", soldier, Gestapo member.

Mega Man X2
"Mega Man X2", called in, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Super NES game console.

Mega Man X (video game)
"Mega Man X", called in, is a platform video game made by Capcom for Super NES game console.

Animal Crossing
"Animal Crossing", known as in, is a life simulation video game made by Nintendo for Nintendo 64 Nintendo GameCube game consoles.

Gerd Müller
Gerd Müller, , a football player for Westy, was players in his time.

Gebenhofen
Gebenhofen is a village near Augsburg.

Brassicaceae
This is a family plants including mustard, wasabi, horseradish.

Amputation
Amputation is act cuttingf a human body because medical reasons.

Ned Kelly (2003 movie)
Ned Kelly is an movie directed by Gregor.

Turban
A long piece cloth, almost 5 to 7 meters in length which is used by Sikh Men to tie aroundir heads.

Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah
Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah a.k.a Said ibn Husayn  is considered founder Fatimid dynasty, only major Shi'ite caliphate in Islam, established Fatimid rule throughout much North Africa.

750
__NOTOC__ .

Amir al-Mu'minin
Amir al-Mu'minin  is usually translated "Commander" "Prince", but "Leader Believers" might be a better translation.

Middle
Middle is Middle language/ethnolect that duringid times  became a prestige dialect so came to be spoken in other regions asll.

Devil's Dyke
Devil's Dyke, Devil's Ditch is an earthwork located inire,d.

Scranton,ia
Scranton is a city inia.

Umayya ibn Abd Shams
Umayya ibn Abd Shams is man, clan Banu Umayyad isd after.

Abd Manaf ibn Qusai
Abd Manaf ibn Qusai  is person, whom clan Banu Abd Manaf isd after.

660
__NOTOC__ .

Ghazi Tehsil
Ghazi Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Haripur District in North-West Frontier Province.

Haripur Tehsil
Haripur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision , Haripur District in North-West Frontier Province.

Lahor
Lahor is a town tehsil Swabi District in North-West Frontier Province.

Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil
Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Mandi Bahauddin District in Punjab province.

Necronomicon
The Necronomicon is a fictional book magic created by horror writer H.

Occult
Occult refers to an area knowledge thought that is hidden.

Pandemic Studios
Pandemic Studios is a video game developer withfices in Los Angeles, Californiae, Australia.

Ghost town
A ghost town is a for a city in which no lives anymore.

Rain dancing
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance.

Louse
Lice ,  are ander wingless insects.

The Adventures Pinocchio
"The Adventures Pinocchio"  is a book by Carlo Collodi, published in 1883.

Mandi Bahauddin
Mandi Bahauddin is capital Mandi Bahauddin District in Punjab,.

Talagang
Talagang is a city in.

Arra,
Arra is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Balkassar
Balkassar is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Choa Shah Tehsil is located at 32°55'60N 72°39'0E .

Balokassar
Balokassar is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Choa Shah Tehsil.

Basharat
Basharat is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Choa Shah Tehsil is located at 32°46'60N 73°5'60E .

Terry Goodkind
Terry Goodkind  is a famous writer from U.S.

Begal
Begal is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 33°2'57N 72°39'11E .

Bharpur
Bharpur is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°51'0N 72°34'0E .

Bheen
Bheen is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Bhilomar
Bhilomar is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil is located at 32°43'60N 72°25'60E.

Bhoun
Bhoun is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Bidher
Bidher is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil.

Buchal
Buchal is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Budhial
Budhial is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Chak Malook
Chak Malook is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°58'0N 72°57'0E .

Chak Umra
Chak Umra is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Choa Ganj Ali Shah
Choa Ganj Ali Shah is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°49'0N 73°5'60E .

Choaah
Choaah is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is located at 32°43'0N 72°58'60E It is ad after a man who was a famous Sufi.

Dab,
Dab is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 33°0'0N 72°52'0E .

Dalwal
Dalwal is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Choa Shah Tehsil is located at 32°42'0N 72°52'60E .

Dandot
Dandot is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Choa Shah Tehsil is located at 32°38'60N 72°58'0E .

Dhoular
Dhoular is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province isg Tehsil.

Dhudial
Dhudial is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Dhurnal
Dhurnal is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil is located at 32°47'60N 72°5'60E.

Dullah
Dullah is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Dulmial
Dulmial is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Choa Shah Tehsil is located at 32°43'60N 72°55'0E.

Dumman
Dumman is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Jabbi Shah Dilawar
Jabbi Shah Dilawar is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil is located at 33°5'36N 71°59'29E.

Jand, Chakwal
Jand is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 33°4'0N 73°7'60E.

Jandzada
Jandzada is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°55'60N 73°5'60E.

University Texas at Austin
The University Texas at Austin is a public university in Austin, Texas.

Jassial
Jassial is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil is located at 33°1'40N 72°23'34E.

Jaswal,
Jaswal is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°49'0N 72°58'0E.

Jhatla
Jhatla is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil is located at 32°49'0N 72°22'60E.

Kallar Kahar
Kallar Kahar is a town Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°46'60N 72°42'0E.

Karsal
Karsal is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 33°2'30N 72°35'7E.

Karyala
Karyala is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°49'60N 72°52'60E.

Texas A&M University
Texas A&M University is a public university in College Station, Texas.

Khairpur, Chakwal
Khairpur is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Khotian
Khotian is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 32°46'0N 73°7'0E.

Kot Choudrain
Kot Choudrain is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Kot Gullah
Kot Gullah is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Kot Qazi
Kot Gullah is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil.

Kotg
Kotg is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil is located at 33°2'14N 72°23'11E.

Impala
Impala  is is a medium-sized antelope.

Biblical Mount Sinai
The Biblical Mount Sinai is a mountain wrote about in Old Testament.

Reconstructor
Reconstructor is a program that allows anyone to customize an iso image Ubuntu.

870s
Centuries: century - century - century Decades: 820s - 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s Years: 870 871 872 873 874 875 876 877 878 879 .

University Incarnate Word
The University Incarnate Word is a private Catholic university in San Antonio, Texas, United States.

Texas State University–San Marcos
Texas State University-San Marcos is a public university in San Marcos, Texas, United States.

Northeastern State University
Northeastern State University  is a public university located in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, near Ozark Mountains.

University Oklahoma
The University Oklahoma, abbreviated OU, is a public university located in, Oklahoma, United States.

Cicada
Cicadas aree bugs which make a loud noise.

Liège Airport
Liège Airport, also called Liège-Bierset, is an important cargo airport in Belgium.

Object (computer science)
In Object-oriented programming, an object is an instance a Class.

Object-oriented design
Object-Oriented Design  is a way to for designer a computer program to specify a computer program will do, using way that people think not using way that computers think.

Konkan
Konkan is a India.

Triple J
Triple J is a radio station from Australia.

Radovan Karadžić
Radovan Karadžić  is a Serb politician.

Common Language Specification
A Common language specification is a document that says how computer programs can be.

Cus D'Amato
Constantine "Cus" D'Amato  was an boxingtrainer.

Willi Auerswald
Willi Auerswald  was a member SS in rank a SS-Oberscharführer.

Baylor University
Baylor University is a private Baptist university in Waco, Texas, United States.

Texas University
Texas University is a private university in Seguin, Texas, United States.

The Evergreen State College
The Evergreen State College is a public college in Olympia,ington, United States.

Battle Of Berlin
The Battle Of Berlin was last battles Second World War.

VMDK
The VMDK  is a fileat used by VMware products.

University Texas at San Antonio
The University Texas at San Antonio is a public university in San Antonio, Texas, United States.

NHL All-Star Team
The NHL All-Star Teamsred at end 1930–31 NHL season, to honor performers over season at each position.

NHL Players' Association
The National Hockey League Players' Association NHLPA is a labour union that represents interests hockey players in National Hockey League North America.

Role United States in Vietnam War
The role United States in Vietnam War began soon after Second World War commitment during Vietnam War .

Johanndisch
Johanndisch,  was a member NSDAP Waffen-SS guards at concentration camp Mauthausen.

Phalanges
Phalanges are bones in human body.

Alpaca
The Alpaca  is a domesticated species South camelid.

Guy
Guy Rupert  is a guitarist.

Mennonites
The Mennonites are a group Anabaptistsd after Menno Simons .

Anabaptist
Anabaptist is a term to refer to certain movements.

Hutterites
Hutterites are a groupŧs.

Prairie View A&M University
Prairie View A&M University is a public university in Prairie View, Texas, United States.

VMware
VMware, Inc.

VMware ThinApp
VMware ThinApp is a computer program that can make portable applications.

MediaFire
MediaFire is a free unlimited file image hostingb site located in Harris County, Texas, USA.

University Houston
The University Houston is a public university in Houston, Texas.

Acronis
Acronis Inc, a company incorporated in Delaware, that produces hard disk utility software, including disk-imaging backup recovery,ition management, boot management, data migration software.

Acronis True Image
Acronis True Image is a program to make disk images.

The Young Ones
"The Young Ones" was a popular sitcom, seen in 1982, on BBC2.

Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte
Napoléon III, also known as Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte was President French Republic only emperor Second French Empire.

Chineja River
The Chineja River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Slivna River
The Slivna River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Radiciu River
The Radiciu River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Bujoru River
The Bujoru River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Covurlui River
The Covurlui River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Ijdileni River
The Ijdileni River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Ghireni River
The Ghireni River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Corogea River
The Corogea River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Ponoara River
The Ponoara River Boul Roşu River is a tributary Corogea River inia.

Surina River
The Surina River is a tributary Ponoara River inia.

Berza Veche River
The Berza Veche River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Cerchezoaia River
The Cerchezoaia River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Luizoaia River
The Luizoaia River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Dresleuca River
The Dresleuca River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Burla River
The Burla River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Puturosu River (Burla)
The Puturosu River is a tributary Burla River inia.

La Odaie River
The La Odaie River is a tributary Burla River inia.

Valea Satului River (Jijia)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary Burla River inia.

Valea lui Hurjui River
The Valea lui Hurjui River is a tributary Burla River inia.

Zlătunoaia River
The Zlătunoaia River is a tributarycea River inia.

Bucerdea River
The Bucerdea River is a tributary Ampoi River inia.

Ighiu River
The Ighiu River is a tributary Bucerdea River inia.

Ţelna River
The Ţelna River is a tributary Ighiu River inia.

Iezer River (Ampoi)
The Iezer River is a tributary Ighiu River inia.

Ighiel River
The Ighiel River is a tributary Ighiu River inia.

Saint Joseph
Saint Joseph, it says in Gospel Matthew Gospel Luke, was young womand Mary.

Westders
Westders  issternmost province Region, alsodders, in Belgium.

Bones foot
There are 25 bones foot.

Oneness Pentecostalism
Oneness Pentecostalism is a protestant movement.

Seventh-Day Adventist Church
The Seventh-day Adventist  Church is at group.

Valea Petrei River
The Valea Petrei River is a tributary Ampoi River inia.

Valea Albinei River
The Valea Albinei River is a tributary Ampoi River inia.

Surduc River (Bicaz)
The Surduc River is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Secu River (Bicaz)
The Secu River is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Floarea River
The Floarea River Pârâul Floarei is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Calul River (Bicaz)
The Calul River is a tributary Veleşchia River inia.

Jidanul River (Bicaz)
Theul River Capra River Râulului is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Danciu River
The Danciu River is a tributaryul River inia.

Borvizu River (Bicaz)
The Borvizu River is a tributaryul River inia.

Pintecu River
The Pintecu River is a tributaryul River  inia.

Bistra River (Bistriţa)
The Bistra River is a tributaryul River inia.

Bistra Mare River
The Bistra Mare River is a headwater Bistra River inia.

Largu River (Bistra)
The Largu River is a tributary Bistra Mare River inia.

Frasin River (Bistra)
The Frasin River is a tributary Bistra Mare River inia.

Bistra Mică River
The Bistra Mică River is a headwater Bistra River inia.

Frânturi River
The Frânturi River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Telec River (Bicaz)
The Telec River is a tributaryul River inia.

Neagra River (Bicaz)
The Neagra River is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Neagra Mică River
The Neagra Mică River is a headwater Neagra River inia.

Neagra Mare River
The Neagra Mare River is a headwater Neagra River inia.

Hamzoaia River
The Hamzoaia River is a tributary Bicaz River inia.

Lupa River
The Lupa River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Poiana River (Siret)
Thea River is a tributary Vorona River inia.

Glodeni River
The Glodeni River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Bahna River (Boca)
The Bahna River is a tributary Boca River inia.

Daiciţa River
The Daiciţa River is a tributary Boca River inia.

Butea River
The Butea River is a tributary Daiciţa River inia.

Carecna River
The Carecna River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Vorova River
The Vorova River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Prislop River (Vorova)
The Prislop River is a tributary Vorova River inia.

Secu River (Dorna)
The Secu River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Tihul River (Dorna)
The Tihul River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Izvorul Alb River (Dorna)
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Doljeşti River
The Doljeşti River is a tributary Arinoasa River inia.

Iezeru River (Sadova)
The Iezeru River is a tributary Sadova River inia.

Rădvanu River
The Rădvanu River is a headwater Argel River inia.

Roşoşa River
The Roşoşa River is a tributary Argel River inia.

Breaza River (Moldova)
The Breaza River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Plai River (Moldova)
The Plai River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Bârgău River (Boura)
The Bârgău River is a tributary Boura River inia.

Valea Caselor River (Moldova)
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Brusturi River
The Brusturi River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Slatina River (Brusturi)
The Slatina River is a tributary Brusturi River inia.

Târzia River
The Târzia River Groşi River is a tributary Brusturi River inia.

Slutin River
The Slutin River is a tributary Târzia River inia.

Linux kernel
Linux is an operating system kernel used by a family Unix-like operating systems.

Sebastian Vettel
Sebastian Vettel  is a race car driver.

Saras
Saras  is a traditional country singer born in Boonville, Missouri.

Felipe Massa
Felipe Massa  is a Formula One racing driver.

Georg Cantor
Georg Cantor was an important mathematician.

Pay-per-view
Pay-per-view  is a way that people can pay to watch events on television inir homes.

Cuboid (bone)
The cuboid bone is seven tarsal  bones in foot.

Talus
The talus is seven tarsal  bones.

Dhaka District
Dacca District  is a district located in centre.

Proprietary software
Proprietary  software is opposite Free software.

Dhaka Division
Dhaka Division is an administrative division - a country Asia.

Kala Dhaka
Kala Dhaka which also as Black Mountain Hazara is a mountain range a tribal area Mansehra District on north-western Hazara border North-West Frontier Province.

Hazara,
Hazara is a valley area North-West Frontier Province.

Muridke Tehsil
Muridke Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Sheikhupura District, Punjab,.

Ratodero Taluka
Ratodero is a talukaa District in Sindh province.

Swabi Tehsil
Swabi is a tehsil Swabi District in North-West Frontier Province.

Mehrgarh
Mehrgarh,  important Neolithic  sites in archaeology, lies on Kachhi Plain,.

Geographyia
With an area,ia is country in southeastern Europe.

Mohenjo-daro
Mohenjo-daro  was city-settlements Indus Valley Civilization south Asia.

Kot Diji
The ancient site at Kot Diji  was forerunner Indus Civilization.

Chanhu-daro
Chanhudaro  is an archaeologicalsite.

Historyia
This article provides only a briefline each period Historyia; details are presented in separate articles .

Harappa
Harappa  is a city in Punjab, northeast.

National Hockey League rules
While National Hockey League  follows general rules ice hockey, it is slightly different from used in international gamesganized byational Ice Hockey Federation such as Olympics.

Gilgit Agency
Gilgit Agency was area northernmir whiched a de facto dependency from 1947 to 1970, which wasn.

Bakrani Taluka
Bakrani Taluka  is newly created talukaa.

Latifabad Tehsil
Latifabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Aar
The Aar  is a tributary Rhine is longest river that both comes up from ends completely insided.

Mehar Tehsil
Mehar Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Dadu District in Sindh province.

Qasimabad Tehsil
Qasimabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Hyderabad District in Sindh province .

Asea Brown Boveri
ABB,ly known as Asea Brown Boveri, is a power automation company in Zürich,d.

Samaro
Samaro is a town in Sindh province.

Fatehpur Thakiala Tehsil
Fatehpur Thakiala is three tehsils, , Kotli District, Azadmir,.

Alamanni
Theni,ni,ni a bandstic tribes found in upper Main, which is longest tributary Rhine.

Nakyal Tehsil
Nakyal is three tehsils, , Kotli District, Azadmir,.

Sibi Tehsil
Sibi Tehsil  is a subdivision  Sibi District in province.

Schloss Lenzburg
Schloss Lenzburg is a castle that was started above older town Lenzburg in Canton Aargau,d.

Battagram Tehsil
Battagram Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Battagram District in North-West Frontier Province.

A1 freeway,d
The A1 is a highway ind.

Dera Ismail Tehsil
Dera Ismail Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  Dera Ismail District in North-West Frontier Province.

Gojal Tehsil
Gojal, also known as Upper Hunza is tehsil Areas, it lies north Gilgit region lies close to border.

Chichawatni Tehsil
Chichawatni is a tehsil Sahiwal District in Punjab province.

Gojra Tehsil
Gojra Tehsil is a subdivision  Toba Tek Singh District in Punjab province.

Jehanian Tehsil
Jehanian Tehsil is a subdivision ewal District in Punjab province.

Guanaco
Theaco  is camelid animal native to South America.

Vicuña
The vicuña  is two wild South camelids.

Nocturnes (Debussy)
"Nocturnes" is a piece music forchestra by French composer Claude Debussy.

Breaza River (Cibin)
The Breaza River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Valea Mare River (Cibin)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

New Jersey Nets
The New Jersey Nets are a team in National Basketball Association in East Rutherford, New Jersey.

Cleveland Cavaliers
Thed Cavaliers are a team in National Basketball Association ind, Ohio.

Indiana Pacers
Thea Pacers are a team in National Basketball Association inapolis,a.

Washington Wizards
Theington Wizards are a team in National Basketball Association inington, D.C..

Orlando Magic
Thedo Magic are a team in National Basketball Association indo, Florida.

Charlotte Bobcats
The Charlotte Bobcats are a team in National Basketball Association in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Denver Nuggets
The Denver Nuggets are a team in National Basketball Association in Denver, Colorado.

Memphis Grizzlies
The Memphis Grizzlies are a team in National Basketball Association in Memphis, Tennessee.

Los Angeles Clippers
The Los Angeles Clippers are a team in National Basketball Association in Los Angeles, California.

Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi
Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi is a public university in Corpus Christi, Texas, United States.

Freedom press
Freedom press is a promise by a government not to punish journalists other people who report news for doingir job.

Olympic Flame
The Olympic Flame Olympic Torch is a symbol Olympic Games.

Freedom assembly
Freedom assembly freedom association, is right to join together with others to reach common goals common opinions, both in public in private.

Deia River (Moldova)
The Deia River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Lala River (Moldova)
The Lala River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Dobra River (Moldova)
The Dobra River Doabra River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Tocila River (Moldova)
The Tocila River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Humor River (Moldova)
The Humor River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Larga River (Humor)
The Larga River is a tributary Humor River inia.

Iacob River
The Iacob River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Moara Dracului River (Hogea)
The Moara Dracului River is a tributary Hogea River inia.

Valea Cheii River (Gemenea)
The Valea Cheii River is a tributary Gemenea River inia.

Slătioara River (Gemenea)
The Slătioara River is a tributary Gemenea River inia.

Ciobanu River
Theu River is a tributary Slătioara River inia.

First Amendment to United States Constitution
The First Amendment to United States Constitution is a United States Bill Rights that protects freedom speech, freedom religion, freedom assembly, freedom press, right to petition.

Chiril River (Putna)
The Chiril River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Mămuca River
The Mămuca River is a tributary Isachea River inia.

Muncelu River (Suha)
The Muncelu River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Ursoaia River (Suha)
The Ursoaia River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Negrileasa River
The Negrileasa River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Runc River (Suha)
The Runc Riveriştea River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Tulnic River
The Tulnic River is a tributary Runc River inia.

Lucina River (Romania)
The Lucina River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Parliamentary procedure
Parliamentary procedure is a set rules for meetings.

Arseneasca River
The Arseneasca River Arseneasa River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Colbu River (Moldova)
The Colbu River Izvorul Giumălăului River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Chilia River (Colbu)
The Chilia River is a tributary Colbu River inia.

Pârâul Şurii
The Pârâul Şurii is a tributary Colbu River inia.

Militia
A militia is a group people not in military who do many things that military does.

Pictures at an Exhibition
Pictures at an Exhibition is a famous piece music for solo piano composed by Modest Mussorgsky in 1874.

Wine (disambiguation)
Wine is an alcoholic beverage.

Themis music
Themis is a gothic rock duo from Toronto, Ontario.

Wicca rock
Wicca music Wicca rock is music influenced by Wicca religion its beliefs relating to nature conservation written by musicians living in naturally forest regions world, in Canada.It is said by to be an emerging sub-genre alternative music Bands That Identify As Wicca Rocks.

Themis band
Themis Music is a music endeavour which includes a Wicca music group, a studio in Toronto, Ontario a "Band Camp" retreat in Ontario.

Wine (software)
Wine is a piece software which lets Unix-like computer operating systems on x86 architecture to execute programs written for Microsoft Windows.

Carbon-12
Carbon-12 is an isotope Carbon.

Art rock
Art rock  is a word that is about a sub-genre rock music that has "experimental influences".

MIT License
The MIT License is a free software license that was created at Massachusetts Institute Technology .

Blender (magazine)
"Blender" is an music magazine that self-identifies as "the ultimate guide to music more." It is also known fortimes having pictures female celebrities that showsm with a lotir body uncovered.

Discography
Discography is study listing sound recordings.

Euoplocephalus
Euplocephalus  was ae armored dinosaur, measuring about 20 feet  long; itighed about 2 tons.

Progressive metal
Progressive metal  is a sub-genre heavy metal music that mixes, guitar-driven sound metal with complexity progressive rock, which includes odd time signatures complicated instrumental playing.

Mamenchisaurus
Mamenchisaurus was a long-necked, long-tailed, four-legged, plant-eating dinosaur.

Knoxville, Tennessee
Knoxville is-largest city in state Tennessee, in United States America.

Così fan tutte
"Così fan tutte" is an opera byg Amadeus Mozart.

Revolver (magazine)
"Revolver" is a monthly hard rock heavy metal magazine published by Future US.

University York
The University York is a university in city York,d.

Magazine circulation
A magazine's circulation is number copies it usually distributes for each issue.

Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa
Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa voneim  was a occult writer, astrologer, alchemist.

Paracelsus
Paracelsus  was an alchemist, physician, astrologer, general occultist.

Morris
Maurice de Bevere , better known as Morris, was a cartoonist creator "Lucky Luke".

Palos Verdes Blue
The Palos Verdes Blue butterfly is a endangered butterfly that can be seen near Palos Verdes Peninsula in southwest Los Angeles County, California.

Wingspan
Wingspan refers to span an airplane a bird is distance from left wingtip to right wingtip.

Hypnagogia
Hypnagogia is a word state between waking sleep.

Talent agent
A talent agent, booking agent, is a person who finds jobs for actors, musicians, models, other people in different entertainment businesses.

Félix Houphouët-Boigny
Félix Houphouët-Boigny   was President Côte d'Ivoire.

University Cambridge
The University Cambridge  is located in Cambridge,d.

Carpals
Carpals are bones found in hand.

Orient Express
The Orient Express is for a passenger train .

Sleeping car
The sleeping car sleeper is a a train with beds built in,ly for making nighttime travel more.

List police forces in United Kingdom
This is a list Police forces in United Kingdomd.

Robert Christgau
Robert Christgau  is an music journalist.

Texas A&M University–Kingsville
Texas A&M University–Kingsville is a public university in Kingsville, Texas, United States.

1932-33 NHL season
The 1932–33 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

1933-34 NHL season
The 1933–34 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Passer rating
Passer rating  is a measure howll a quarterback, any other passer in football, played.

Marathatraad
Mahrathatraad Council Maratha-speaking statetra, is a politicaly India.

Postal codes in United Kingdom
UK postal codes are known as postcodes.

Chenab River
The Chenab River  چن River') آب ised by confluencedra Bhaga rivers at Tandi located in upper Himalayas in Lahul Spiti District Himachal, Republic India.

Jhelum River
Jehlum River Jhelum River  isstern five rivers Punjab, passes through Jhelum District.

Nubra River
The Nubra River is a tributary Shyok River, which flows into Indus River.

Ravi River
The Ravi River  is a river inmir.

Shingo River
The Shingo River is a tributary Suru River , flows through Ladakh region Occupied Kshmir.

Gnome (disambiguation)
A gnome is a mythical creature characterized by its extremely size subterranean free lifestyle.

Iranian women's movement
The women's movement, also called "Persian women's movement", involves women's social movement for women's rights.

Polly Pocket
Polly Pocket is a line plastic dolls accessories for girls.

Juliet Burke
Juliet Burke is a fictional character, a main character on ABC's TV series "Lost".

Shyok River
The Shyok River is a river flowing through Ladakh disputed Areas .

Suru River (Indus)
The Suru River is a river in Occupiedmir thatsstern northern boundary Zanskar Range, it takes birth from waters Nunkun peak in its skirts flows to north Kargil empties into Indus River.

Tawi River
Tawi is a river that flows through city Jammu,mir.

Zanskar Gorge
The Zanskar Gorge is found in Zanskar region-Occupiedmir .

Gilgit River
The Gilgit River  is a tributary Indus River, flows past town Gilgit.

Gomal River
Gomal River  is a river in, with its headwaters in south-east Ghazni.

Hub River
Hub River  is located in Lasbela,,.

Hingol River
Hungol River Hingol River  is located in,,.

Swaan River
The River  is important stream Pothohar region.

Kundar River
Kundar River is located in,.

Kunhar River
Kunhar River  is located in North-West Frontier Province,.

Kurrum River
The Kurrum River Karam River  flows in Kurrum Valley, stretching acrossi borderst to east  at, about 150 kmst-to-south-west Khyber Pass.

Lyari River
Lyari River  is a ephemeral stream that flows throughi megacity Karachi from north east to center drains into Sea at Monora channel.

Malir River
Malir River  is located in Karachi, Sindh,.

Panjkora River
The Panjkora River rises rises high in Hindu at lat.

Wisent
Wisent for bison  is a bison species heaviest surviving animal in Europe.

Panjnad River
Panjnad River   is a river in Punjab,.

Sutlej
The Sutlej River   is longest five rivers that flow through region Punjab in northern Republic India.

Zhob River
Zhob River  is located in,.

Hunza River
Hunza River  is main river in Hunza, in Areas.

Kabul River
Kabul River, Kabal River , is a river that rises in Sanglakh Range in, separated from watershedd by Unai Pass.

Kunar River
The Kunar River  is about 480 km long, located in eastern north-western.

Rupal River
The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from meltwater Rupal Glacier in northern.

Soan River
Soan River  is a river in Punjab,.

Sohan River
The is a river northern located in Punjab province.

The Fox Hound 2
"The Fox Hound 2" is a 2006 direct-to-video midquel to 1981 Disney animated movie"The Fox Hound".

Direct-to-video
A movie that is released direct-to-video  is which has been on home videoats  before without being released in movieaters broadcast on television.

List Disney direct-to-video films
This is a list feature-length movies produced by Walt Disney Productions/The Walt Disneyy thatre released directly to video with noatrical run.

A Perfect Circle
A Perfect Circle,ten called APC by fans, is an alternative rock band.

UNetbootin
UNetbootin  is a cross-platform utility that can create Linux Live USB drives can load a variety system utilities install various Linux distributions other operating systems without a CD.

List Disneyatrical animated features
Official canon.

Live USB system creator
The Live USB system creator is to tool Live USBs Ubuntu from a running Ubuntu Live CD .

Fedora Live USB creator
The Fedora Live USB creator is anficial tool Live USBs Fedora.

University Texas at Arlington
The University Texas at Arlington is a public university in Arlington, Texas.

Old language
The Old language is two attested Old languages .

8 Eyes
"8 Eyes" is a 1988 video game created by Thinking Rabbit for Nintendo Entertainment System.

Palos Verdes
Palos Verdes isten to a group coastal cities on Palos Verdes Peninsula in Los Angeles/South Bay area California.

P.U.N.K.S.
"P.U.N.K.S." is a 1999 movie starring Jessica Alba Randy Quaid.

Troy
Troy  is a legendary city center War, as told in Epic Cycle asll as "Iliad", two epic poems thought to be written by Homer.

Federal Information Processingdard
Federal Information Processingdards  are standards made by United States Federal government for non-military government agencies by government contractors to use,y are.

Maggot
A maggot is common larval phase development in insectsder Diptera .

Undertow (Tool album)
"Undertow" is Tool's full-length album, released in 1993.

Princess Beatrice United Kingdom
The Princess Beatrice  Princess Henry Battenberg; April 14, 1857 – October 26, 1944) was a member Royal Family.

Xbox Live
Xbox Live is online gaming service for Xbox Xbox 360.

Zanskar River
Zanskar River has two branchesigin.

Xbox Live Vision
The Xbox Live Vision is abcam 360 Xbox Live.

Arutunian Trumpet Concerto
Arutunian Trumpet Concerto is composerder’s major composition.

Alexander
Alexander (b.

Epicurus
Epicurus   was an ancient Greek philosopher founder school philosophy calledism.

The Hundred Ones
"The Hundred Ones, Great Dog Robbery" is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith.

Coulomb's law
Coulomb's law is a function developed in 1780s by physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb.

Leprechaun
In mythology, a leprechaun  is a type male faerie said to live in islandd.

Greater Middle East
The Greater Middle East  is a political term coined by administration to englobe together various countries, pertaining to Arab world, marginal countries such asmir.

Ablepharus pannonicus
The Snake-eyed Skink  is a species skink.

Crosswords DS
"Crosswords DS"  is a crosswords video game made by Nuevo Retro Games published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS game console.

Fedora Unity
Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive concisebsites content that provide Fedora users contributors with quality information.

Picross DS
"Picross DS" is a puzzle video game made by Jupiter published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS game console.

Text box
A text box is a box that people type things into on computer.

Free agent
A free agent is a professional sports player whose contract has expired with team he she is on.

Out (baseball)
An in baseball happens to pitcher in a game.

Run (baseball)
A run in baseball is when a player on a team scores.

Maxis
Maxis Software is an company that was founded as a video game developer is now a brand Electronic Arts .

Underwater
Underwater is a term telling is below surface a body water such as an ocean, sea, lake, pond, river.

Hereford (cattle)
Hereford cattle are a widely used breed in temperate areas, mainly for beef production.

Beef cattle
Beef cattle are cattle production .

Roman army
The army was a set military forces employed by Kingdom, Republic later Empire as military.

Tierpark Hagenbeck
Tierpark Hagenbeck  is zoo in Hamburg,y.

Ronno
Ronno is a village commune Rhône department central-easternce.

Ultamatix
Ultamatix is a computer program to install other programs on Ubuntu-based distributions.

Cover
In music, a cover is a new performance recording a song.

Arthur Phillip
Admiral Arthur Phillip RN  was a navalficer.

Bill Cowher
William Laird "Bill" Cowher  is a football coach player.

Halting problem
The Halting problem is a problem from Decidabilityory.

Largentière
Largentière  is a commune sub-prefecture Ardèche department in Rhône-Alpes region in easternce.

Tucumcari, New Mexico
Tucumcari is a city in U.S.

Tauriers
Tauriers is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Thueyts
Thueyts is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Usclades-et-Rieutord
Usclades-et-Rieutord is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Uzer, Ardèche
Uzer is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vagnas
Vagnas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Valgorge
Valgorge is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vals-les-Bains
Vals-les-Bains is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Valvignères
Valvignères is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vernon, Ardèche
Vernon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vesseaux
Vesseaux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Veyras, Ardèche
Veyras is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Coucouron
Coucouron is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Scottish Fold
The Fold –times called Coupari by breeders – is a breed cat with a natural dominant-gene mutation that makes its ear cartilage contain a fold, causing ears bend forward down towards frontir head, giving cat isten described as an "owl-like" appearance.

The Sims 3
"The Sims 3" is a computer game for Microsoft Windows.

Brad Delson
Bradford Phillip "Brad" Delson  is lead guitarist alternative rock band Linkin Park.

Charlton Heston
Charlton Heston  was an actor.

Ambush marketing
Ambush marketing is a marketing.

Alsir II Cairo
Alsir II Cairo was an Abbasid Caliph Cairo, Egypt for Mamluks between 1261 1262.

University Texas at El Paso
The University Texas at El Paso is a public university in El Paso, Texas, United States.

Achaemenid Empire
The Achaemenid Empire Achaemenid Empire   was Empires to rule over significant portions Greater, followed Empire as great empire Peoples.

Vexilloid
A vexilloid has same functions as a flag butly it looks different.

Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection
The Walt Disney Gold Classics Collection is a line videos DVDs released by The Walt Disneyy which ran from 2000 to 2001.

The Dark Knight (movie)
"The Dark Knight" is a 2008 movie.

Gorgon
In Greek Mythology, a Gorgon was a female monster that had fangs serpents for hair with bronze claws.

As World Turns
"As World Turns"  is an television soap opera that airs eachekday on CBS.

Mexican Wolf
The Grey Wolf is a wolf rarest subspecies Grey Wolf.

Live USB
A Live USB is a USB flash drive that contains a full operating system.

Car accident
A car accident is when more cars crash intothing.

Malden, Massachusetts
Malden is a suburban city inx County, Massachusetts, United States.

Gary
Gary  is he current commissioner National Hockey League.

EarthBound (series)
"EarthBound", known in as, is a role-playing video game series made by Nintendo, Ape, Inc., HAL Laboratory, Brownie Brown.

Australian Recording Industry Association
The Recording Industry Association  is a group that represents music industry in Australia.

Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Excel  is a proprietary spreadsheet program made by Microsoft.

Villeneuve-de-Berg
Villeneuve-de-Berg is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Astrotara
Astrotara is a satellite television service in Indonesia.

Oxnard, California
Oxnard is city in Ventura County, California because it's population.

Real Madrid Baloncesto
Real Madrid is a basketball team.

Vinezac
Vinezac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vogüé
Vogüé is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Chirols
Chirols is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Chomérac
Chomérac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Creysseilles
Creysseilles is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Cros-de-Géorand
Cros-de-Géorand is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Duane
Duane  was an musician lead guitarist southern rock group, Brothers Band.

Nomenclature
Nomenclature may mean a set systems terms used by person by a community.

Saint-Étienne
Saint-Étienne is a city ince.

Darbres
Darbres is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Julien-en-Saint
Saint-Julien-en-Saint is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Julien-Labrousse
Saint-Julien-Labrousse is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Julien-le-Roux
Saint-Julien-le-Roux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Transport in Melbourne
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia has lots transport contentions by air, sea, on land.

Dompnac
Dompnac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Dunière-sur-Eyrieux
Dunière-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Fabras
Fabras is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Faugères, Ardèche
Faugères is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Flaviac
Flaviac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

History National Hockey League
The National Hockey League  is a professional sportsganization.

Destroy Alls!
"Destroy Alls!" is a shooting adventure video game developed by Pandemic Studios published by THQ.

Thylacinidae
Thylacinidae are familyre all carnivorous marsupials fromder Dasyuromorphia.

Badjcinus
Badjcinus  was an animal that marsupial family Thylacinidae.

Thylacinus
Thylacinus is a genus extinct carnivorous marsupials fromder Dasyuromorphia.

Nomenclature Territorial Units for Statistics
The Nomenclature Territorial Units for Statistics,  for French nomenclature d'unités territoriales statistiques, is a geocode standard that shows administrative divisions countries for statistical purposes.

Fire blight
Fire blight is a serious disease rosaceous plants While Pectobacteria are soft rotting Erwinias are necrogenic bacteria.

Michael E. DeBakey
Michael Ellis DeBakey  was an heart surgeon who was a very important in his area.

Fire Emblem
"Fire Emblem" is a series video games made by Intelligent Systems.

Caitlin
Caitlin is a female given.

12 Angry Men
"12 Angry Men" is an drama movie made by Sidney Lumet starring Henry Fonda Reginald Rose.

BioShock
"BioShock" is a person shooter/Horror video game made by 2K Games for Xbox 360, Windows, PlayStation 3 game consoles.

Dilemma
A dilemma  is a problem with at least two solutions possibilities.

Hapkido
Hapkido  is a martial art.

Royal Society
The Royal Society London for Improvement Natural Knowledge, known also as The Royal Society, is a learned society for science that was founded in 1660 is oldest society its still in existence.

Fons, Ardèche
Fons is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Freyssenet
Freyssenet is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Genestelle
Genestelle is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Gilhac-et-Bruzac
Gilhac-et-Bruzac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Gluiras
Gluiras is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Gourdon, Ardèche
Gourdon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

You Am I
You Am I is a band from Sydney, Australia.

Italiand Prix
Thed Prix  is longest running motor racing events.

Vodafone
Vodafone is a mobile phone network operator.

Bratz
Bratz are a brand dolls withe heads.

Game engine
A game engine is video games.

Mitsubishi
Mitsubishi is a company that makes airplanes, cars, other things.

Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsubishi Motors is companyi that makes cars.

Autodromo Nazionale Monza
Autodromo Nazionale Monza is a motorsport race track.

Abe Vigoda
Abe Vigoda  is an actor in both television movie.

924 Street
The 924 Street project, calledative Music Foundation, is Berkeley, California street addressficial business all-ages, non-profit, music club called "Gilman." .

Big Bird
Big Bird is a muppet character on children's television show "Sesame Street".

Nimrod (album)
"Nimrod" is album by punk rock band Green Day, released on October 14, 1997 on Reprise Records.

Insomniac (album)
"Insomniac" is studio album from punk rock band Green Day.

Warning (album)
"Warning" is full length album by Green Day, released in 2000.

Grammy Award for Bestative Music Album
The Grammy Award for Bestative Music Album is an award given to an album that is alternative album year.

Rock opera
Rock operas, concept albums, song cyclesatorios all are not same from a rock album, which usually has songs that are other in storyline.

Record Year
The Record Year is four special Grammy Awards given every year.

Ole Gunnar Solskjær
Ole Gunnar Solskjær  is a footballer who played his career for Manchester United F.C.

Best Rock Album
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Album has been awarded since 1995.

Boulevard Broken Dreams
The "Boulevard Broken Dreams" means Sunset Boulevard, because its historically having both primary location for live entertainment in Los Angeles, California a red-light district.

Boulevard Broken Dreams (Green Day song)
"Boulevard Broken Dreams" is a song by punk rock band Green Day, fromir studio album, "American Idiot".

Vallejo, California
Vallejo  is a city ino County, California, United States.

Isocracy (band)
Isocracy was a punk rock band from United States Berkeley-area thated in 1986.

George Best
George Best  was a footballer who played many years for Manchester United.

John Kiffmeyer
John Kiffmeyer  wasiginal drummer for punk rock band Green Day, drummer for Isocracy.

Business manager
A business manager is a person who manages work others inder to run a business.

Lookout! Records
Lookout! Records is an independent record label based in Berkeley, California.

Larry Livermore
Larry Livermore  is an musician, record producer, music journalist.

1,000 Hours
"1,000 Hours" is release from punk rock band Green Day several releases for independent record label Lookout! Records.

Young Hercules
"Young Hercules" is a spin-off from '.

Sweet Baby
Sweet Baby  was a pop punk.

East Bay (Sancisco Bay Area)
The East Bay is a subregion Sancisco Bay Area, California, United States.

Liberationology
Liberationology is a movent withinologyity.

Promotion relegation
Promotion relegation are terms used in many sports.

Scottish Cup
The Football Association Challenge Cup  is national football cup competitiond.

Setanta Sports
Setanta Sports  is an sports broadcaster, operating 12 channels in 24 countries.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 2
This is a list results from year/cycle reality television series "America's Next Top Model".

Crissiumal
Crissiumal is a municipality in state Riode do Sul, Brazil.

Emmaus
That very day twomre going to a village  sixty stadia away from Jerusalem called Emmaus,yre speaking about all things that had occurred.

Alexander IIId
Alexander III , King Scots, was born at Roxburgh on 4 September 1241 died on 19 March, 1286.

Gras
Gras is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Suceava County
Suceava  is a county ia in historical regions Moldova Bukovina.

Gravières
Gravières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Grospierres
Grospierres is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Issamoulenc
Issamoulenc is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Issanlas
Issanlas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Issarlès
Issarlès is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Joannas
Joannas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Juvinas
Juvinas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

La Souche
La Souche is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Labastide-de-Virac
Labastide-de-Virac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Labastide-sur-Bésorgues
Labastide-sur-Bésorgues is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Labeaume
Labeaume is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Greek numerals
Greek numerals are a system representing numbers using letters Greek alphabet.

Harlan Ellison
Harlan Jay Ellison  is an award-winning writer stories, novellas, teleplays, essays, criticism.

Hebrew numerals
The system Hebrew numerals is a quasi-decimal alphabetic numeral system using letters Hebrew alphabet.

George R. R. Martin
George Raymond Richard Martin , is an writer fantasy, horror, science fiction.

Dying Light
Dying Light is a 1977 science fiction book that was written by George R.

Windhaven
Windhaven is a science-fiction fantasy book that was written by both George R.R.

Fevre Dream
"Fevre Dream" is a book written by George R.

ChatZilla
ChatZilla is an IRC client made by Mozilla that is free charge.

A Song Ice Fire
"A Song Ice Fire" is an award-winning series fantasy books thatre written by author George R.

Great Bernera
 Bernera ) is an island in Outer Hebrides ind.

Hercules Amazon Women
"Hercules Amazon Women" is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo Michael Hurst.

Hercules Lost Kingdom
"Hercules Lost Kingdom" is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo Renee O'Connor.

Treasured
"Treasured" is an 1883 novel written by Robert Louis Stevenson.

Hercules Circle Fire
"Hercules Circle Fire" is a made for television movie.

Paleozoic
The Paleozoic  is s beginning an explosion lifes.

Eyes Wide Shut
Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 movie directed byley Kubrick starring Nicole Tom Cruise.

Edna Parker
Edna Scott Parker  is an woman who was oldest living documented person from death Yone Minagawa on August 13, 2007 until November 26, 2008.

Treasured (disambiguation)
"Treasured" is an adventure novel by author Robert Louis Stevenson.

39/Smooth
"39/Smooth" was released as debut album by Green Day in 1990 on Lookout! Records on vinyl cassette.

Slappy
"Slappy" is EP by Green Day, was released on Lookout! Records in summer 1990 on seven-inch vinyl Track listing.

Savate
Savate, also known as "boxe française"  French kickboxing, is a French martial art - a "boxe pieds-poings" - which use hands feet asapons includes elements boxing, techniques grappling techniques leg .

Sweet Children (EP)
"Sweet Children" is EP released by punk rock band Green Day.

1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours
"1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours" is a collection early recordings by punk rock band, Green Day.

Juan Diego Flórez
Juan Diego Flórez  is a operatic tenor.

The Lookouts
The Lookoutsre an punk rock band from 1985 to 1990.

Kerplunk (album)
"Kerplunk"  is full-length album by punk rock band Green Day.

Cerium
Cerium is a chemical element with an atomic number 58.

Hallux
The hallux, also called toe, is toe innermost  foot.

Wachowski brothers
Laurence "Larry" Wachowski  Andrew Paul "Andy" Wachowski , known together as The Wachowski Brothers'", are movie directors, writers producers, famous for creating "The Matrix" series.

V for Vendetta
"V for Vendetta" is a ten-issue graphic comic book series written by Moore illustratedly by David Lloyd, set in a dystopian future United Kingdom imagined from 1980s about 1990s.

Mozilla Foundation
The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profitganization that was give leadership for open source Mozilla project.

1812 Overture
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote Festival Overture "The Year 1812" in E major, Op.

Guy Fawkes
Guy Fawkes times known as Guido Fawkes, was a member a group Catholic revolutionaries fromd who Gunpowder Plot.

Graphic novel
A graphic novel is a type comic book usually with a long complex storyline similar to novels.

Green Party
The Green Party was founded on April 28 2002 since has been active in local politics.

Alan Moore
Alan Moore  is an writer famous for his influential work in comics, including acclaimed graphic novels "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" "From Hell".

Islamabad Capital Territory
The Islamabad Capital Territory  is two federal territories.

Lablachère
Lablachère is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Laboule
Laboule is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lachamp-Raphaël
Lachamp-Raphaël is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lachapelle-Graillouse
Lachapelle-Graillouse is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Officials India
India has 23ficial languages.

The Matrix Revolutions
"The Matrix Revolutions" is a 2003 movie that was written directed by Wachowski brothers.

Hercules in Underworld
"Hercules in Underworld" is made for TV movie in series '.

Lagorce, Ardèche
Lagorce is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lanarce
Lanarce is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Hercules in Maze Minotaur
"Hercules in Maze Minotaur" is fifith made for TV movie in series '.

Lanas
Lanas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Larnas
Larnas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Laurac-en-Vivarais
Laurac-en-Vivarais is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Marzahn
Marzahn is a locality within borough Marzahn-Hellersdorf Berlin.

Helicobacter pylori
"Helicobacter pylori" ("H.

Schöneberg
Schöneberg is a locality Berlin.

Kevin Sorbo
Kevin David Sorbo  is an actor known for roles Hercules on ' Captain Hunt in Andromeda.

Oscar Niemeyer
Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho  is a architect who is thought to be a very important in worldwide modern architecture.

Royal Ontario Museum
The Royal Ontario Museum, commonly known as ROM, is a major museum for culture natural history in city Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Centenarian
A centenarian is a person who has at least 100.

Laval-d'Aurelle
Laval-d'Aurelle is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Laveyrune
Laveyrune is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lavillatte
Lavillatte is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Laviolle
Laviolle is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce with a population 130 as 1999.

Le Lac-d'Issarlès
Le Lac-d'Issarlès is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Le Plagnal
Le Plagnal is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Le Roux, Ardèche
Le Roux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Le Teil
Le Teil is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lentillères
Lentillères is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux
Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Les Salelles, Ardèche
Les Salelles is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Les Vans
Les Vans is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lespéron
Lespéron is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Loubaresse, Ardèche
Loubaresse is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Auguste Comte
Auguste Comte  was a French thinker who was from founders sociology  positivism.

George Berkeley
George Berkeley  , also known asop Berkeley, was a philosopher.

Colombier-le-Vieux
Colombier-le-Vieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Sceautres
Colombier-le-Vieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Bakot
Bakot is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Baldheri
Baldheri is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province, union council Baldheri isd after main village area.

Lussas
Lussas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Bandi Atti
Bandi Atai  is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Lyas
Lyas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Malarce-sur-la-Thines
Malarce-sur-la-Thines is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Malbosc
Malbosc is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Banda Pir
Banda Pir is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province,.

Beerangali
Berin Gali  is a Union Council Abbottabad District, in North-West Frontier Province.

Berote
Birote is 51 Union councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Boi, NWFP
Boi is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province, Boi means fragrance roses.

Chamhad
Chamad  is 51 Union Councils  Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Dalola
Dalola is 51 Union Councils  Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province..

Dewal Manal
Dewal Manal is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Ghari
Garhi is 51 Union Councils  Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province..

Goreeni
Goreeni is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Haveliani
Haveliani is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Jarral NWFP
The Union Council Jarral is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Marcols-les-Eaux
Marcols-les-Eaux is a commune in Ardèche "département" southernce.

Mayres, Ardèche
Mayres is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Mazan-l'Abbaye
Mazan-l'Abbaye is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Meyras
Meyras is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Meysse
Meysse is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Mirabel, Ardèche
Mirabel is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Montpezat-sous-Bauzon
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Montréal, Ardèche
Montréal is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Montselgues
Montselgues is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Sanilhac
Sanilhac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Colombier-le-Cardinal
Colombier-le-Cardinal is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Colombier-le-Jeune
Colombier-le-Jeune is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Le Crestet
Le Crestet is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Mézilhac
Mézilhac is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Sampzon
Sampzon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Salavas
Salavas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Orgnac-l'Aven
Orgnac-l'Aven is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Payzac, Ardèche
Payzac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Planzolles
Planzolles is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

L'incoronazione di Poppea
"L'incoronazione di Poppea"  is an opera in three acts by Claudio Monteverdi.

Queen's Park F.C.
Queen's Park Football Club is a famous football club based in Glasgow,d, is oldest football club ind, founded in 1867, oldestsided Wales.

Jhangi
Jhangi is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Jhangra
Jhangra is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Kakul
Kakul is a town in Kakul Valley North-West Frontier Province.

Kehal
Kehal is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Kukmang
Kukmang is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Kuthiala
Kothiala is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Kuthwal
Kuthwal is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Langra, NWFP
Langra is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad district in North-West Frontier Province.

Langrial
Langrial is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Lora, NWFP
Lora is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Murree
Murree is a city in Rawalpindi District Punjab,.

Malikpura
Malikpura is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Mirpur, NWFP
Mirpur is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Mojohan
Mojohan is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Nagri Bala
Nagri Bala is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Nagri Totial
Nagri Tutial  is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Nambal, NWFP
Nambal is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad district in North-West Frontier Province.

Namli Maira
Namli Maira is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Nara, NWFP
Nara is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Nathia Gali
Nathia Gali Nathiagali  is mountain holiday towns Galyat area.

Scottish First Division
The Irn-Bru Football League First Divisionip  is a professional football competition ind.

Fibonacci number
The Fibonacci numbers are a sequence numbers in mathematicsd after Leonardo Pisa, known as Fibonacci.

Pont-de-Labeaume
Pont-de-Labeaume is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Pourchères
Pourchères is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Prades, Ardèche
Prades is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Pradons
Pradons is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Trans-Karakoram Tract
Thes-Karakoram Tract is an area nearly 5,800 km² that, India claims, was transferred by a border agreement fromi-administered Areas to China in 1963 with proviso that settlement was subject to final solutionmir dispute.

Pranles
Pranles is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Prunet, Ardèche
Prunet is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Péreyres
Péreyres is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Shaksgam Valley
The Shaksgam Valley is an area District, ceded by to People's Republic China on March 3 in 1963 pending settlement dispute overmir.

Ribes, Ardèche
Ribes is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rochecolombe
Rochecolombe is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rocher, Ardèche
Rocher is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rochessauve
Rochessauve is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rocles, Ardèche
Rocles is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rompon
Rompon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Sablières
Sablières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Sagnes-et-Goudoulet
Sagnes-et-Goudoulet is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Auriolles
Saint-Auriolles is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-en-Montagne
Saint-en-Montagne is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-André-Lachamp
Saint-André-Lachamp is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Dead Sea scrolls
The Dead Sea Scrolls consist about 1,000 documents, including texts from Hebrew Bible, discovered between 1947 1979 in eleven caves in around Wadi  in West Bank.

Saint
Saint is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Andéol-de-Berg
Saint-Andéol-de-Berg is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Saint-Andéol-de-Vals
Saint-Andéol-de-Vals is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Saint-Bauzile, Ardèche
Saint-Bauzile is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Cierge-la-Serre
Saint-Cierge-la-Serre is a commune in Ardèche "département" in Rhône Valley in southernce.

Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades
Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Cirgues-en-Montagne
Saint-Cirgues-en-Montagne is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Didier-sous-Aubenas
Saint-Didier-sous-Aubenas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon
Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux
Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Georges-les-Bains
Saint-Georges-les-Bains is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Germain, Ardèche
Saint-Germain is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Gineis-en-Coiron
Saint-Gineis-en-Coiron is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-le-Centenier
Saint-le-Centenier is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs
Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Julien-du-Gua
Saint-Julien-du-Gua is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Lager-Bressac
Saint-Lager-Bressac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Oak Creekip
Oak Creekip is twenty-four townships in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States.

Buzzcocks
Buzzcocks are a punk rock band from Manchester,d.

Dysprosium
Dysprosium  is a chemical element with symbol Dy atomic number 66.

Anti-Flag
Anti-Flag is a punk rock band from Pittsburgh.

New York Dolls
New York Dolls are a glam punk band from New York, New York.

Dead Milkmen
Dead Milkmenre a punk band from Philadelphia.

The Donnas
The Donnasre a hard rock band from Palo Alto, California.

Weezer
Weezer is a Power pop band from Los Angeles.

Jeffersone
Jeffersone was a Psychedelic rock band from Sancisco.

County government in Nebraska
Elected countyficials.

Nawansher
Nawansher is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

4chan
4chan is an language imageboardbsite based on Futabanel.

Palak
Palak is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Palak Muchhal
Palak Muchhal is teenager singer from Indore, Madhya, India.

Pattan
Pattan is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Dysnomia
Dysnomia is a moon dwarf planet Eris.

Pawa, NWFP
Pawa is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Phalkot
Phalkot is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Trans object
Trans Object TNO is a astronomers give to anything thatbits goes around Sun beyond planet Neptune but it is not enough to be a planet a moon.

Phallah
Phalla is a Union Council Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province,.

Pind Kargu
Pind Kargu is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province it is located 35km from Abbottabad city.

Salhad
Salhad is 51 Union Councils  Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Sarbhana
Sarbhana is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Asteroid moon
An Asteroid Moon is an asteroid thatbits goes around another asteroid.

Sheikh-ul-Bandi
Sheikhul Bandi is 51 Union Council  Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Sherwan
Sherwan is a Union Council Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province, it is located 35kmst city Abbottabad.

Tajwal
Tajwal is 51 Union Councils Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province.

Stress (medicine)
Medical stress can be defined as change in body's normal internal balance which leads to a number hormonal neurological responses so that normal balance is restored.Stress can result from both internal factorsor external stimuli.These factors can be both positive(e.g.

Parody mass
A parody mass is a musical setting mass that uses melodies from other musical works.

Interstate 4
Interstate 4 is a 100 mile highway in state Florida.

Interstate 12
Interstate 12 is a 85 mile long route ina both connecting Interstate 10.

Robert Tear
Robert Tear  is a tenor conductor.

Renee O'Connor
Reneé O'Connor  is an actress, producer director known for playing role Gabrielle on TV series ' from 1995 to 2001.

Michael Hurst
Michael Eric Hurst,  is a Newd actor, director writer.

4 Baruch
"4 Baruch", also called "Paraleipomena Jeremiah" , contains Rest Words Baruch Epistle Jeremy.

Erbium
Erbium  is an element on periodic table with symbol Er atomic number 68.

Valea Mare River (Moldova)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Izvorul Alb River (Moldova)
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Limpedea River (Moldova)
The Limpedea River is a tributary Izvorul Alb River inia.

Izvorul Malului River
The Izvorul Malului River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Gerului River
The Gerului River  is a tributary Siret River inia.

Greaca River
The Greaca River is a tributary Lozova River inia.

Valea lui Odobescu River
The Valea lui Odobescu River is a tributary Greaca River inia.

Negrea River (Lozova)
The Negrea River is a tributary Lozova River inia.

Suhurlui River
The Suhurlui River is a tributary Gerului River inia.

Valea Rea River (Suhurlui)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Suhurlui River inia.

Suhului River
The Suhului is a tributary Suhurlui River inia.

Valea Satului River (Suhurlui)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary Suhurlui River inia.

Valea Vacii River
The Valea Vacii River is a tributary Suhurlui River inia.

Metroid (species)
A Metroids is an alien in "Metroid" series.

Trauma Center (series)
The "Trauma Center" series is a series video games DS Wii game consoles.

Robert Downey, Jr.
Robert Downey Jr.

Heart Souls
"Heart Souls" is a 1993 movie.

Entertainment Weekly
"Entertainment Weekly" is a magazine published by Time Warner in United States.

Internationaldard Serial Number
Anationaldard Serial Number  is an eight-digit number a print electronic periodical publication.

Synonym (taxonomy)
Synonyms in taxonomy are similar to normal synonyms.

Review
A review is an evaluation a publication, such as a movie, video game, musical composition, book, a piece hardware a car, appliance, computer.

Saint-Julien-du-Serre
Saint-Julien-du-Serre is a commune in Ardèche département in southernce.

Saint-Just, Ardèche
Saint-Just, also called Saint-Just-d'Ardèche, is a "commune" in Ardèche département in southernce.

Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon
Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains
Saint-Laurent-les-Bains is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Laurent-sous-Coiron
Saint-Laurent-sous-Coiron is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche
Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche
Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche is a commune in "département" Ardèche in southernce.

Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche
Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie
Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Michel-de-Boulogne
Saint-Michel-de-Boulogne is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Michel-deoux
Saint-Michel-deoux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Mélany
Saint-Mélany is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Saint-Laurent-du-Pape
Saint-Laurent-du-Pape is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Europium
Europium is a chemical element.

Saint-Paul-le-Jeune
Saint-Paul-le-Jeune is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Pierre-Saint
Saint-Pierre-Saint is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Pierre-de-Colombier
Saint-Pierre-de-Colombier is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Pierre-la-Roche
Saint-Pierre-la-Roche is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Pierreville
Saint-Pierreville is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Pons, Ardèche
Saint-Pons is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Priest, Ardèche
Saint-Priest is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Privat, Ardèche
Saint-Privat is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Remèze
Saint-Remèze is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières
Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut
Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut is a commune Ardèche "département", in southernce.

Saint-Sernin, Ardèche
Saint-Sernin is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Promethium
Promethium is a chemical element that has symbol Pm on periodic table.

Praseodymium
Praseodymium is a chemical element that has symbol Pr on periodic table.

Neodymium
Neodymium is a chemical element that has symbol Nd on periodic table.

Samarium
Samarium is a chemical element that has symbol Sm on periodic table.

Neptunium
Neptunium is a chemical element that has symbol Np on periodic table.

List WWE pay-per-view events
This is a chronological list pay-per-views promoted by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Terbium
Terbium is a chemical element that has symbol Tb on periodic table.

Sainte-Marguerite-Lafigère
Sainte-Marguerite-Lafigère is a village commune in Ardèche "département" southern-centralce.

Sainte-Eulalie, Ardèche
Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Étienne-de-Serre
Saint-Étienne-de-Serre is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès
Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chomérac
Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chomérac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Thomé
Saint-Thomé is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Vincent-de-Barrès
Saint-Vincent-de-Barrès is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort
Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne
Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon
Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Uesugi Harunori
Uesugi Harunori  was a daimyo.

Devesset
Devesset is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Dornas
Dornas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Empurany
Empurany is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Gilhoc-sur-Ormèze
Gilhoc-sur-Ormèze is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Glun
Glun is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Intres
Intres is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Jaunac
Jaunac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

La Rochette, Ardèche
La Rochette is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Labatie-d'Andaure
Labatie-d'Andaure is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lachapelle-souséac
Lachapelle-souséac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lalouvesc
Lalouvesc is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lemps, Ardèche
Lemps is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Limony
Limony is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Mariac
Mariac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Mars, Ardèche
Mars is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Monestier, Ardèche
Monestier is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Eclassan
Eclassan is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Lafarre, Ardèche
Lafarre is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Étables
Étables is a commune in Ardèche department in Rhône-Alpes region in southernce.

Siachen Glacier
The Siachen Glacier is located in eastern Karakoram range in Himalaya Mountains along disputed India border at approximately.

Biblical canon
The Bible is a collection texts.

Bengal monitor
Bengal monitor , also known as Common Monitor, is a monitor lizard found throughout, India.

Nonières
Nonières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Chamaeleo zeylanicus
The Chameleon, "Chamaeleo zeylanicus" is a species chameleon found in Sri Lanka, India others South Asia.

Nozières, Ardèche
Nozières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Ozon, Ardèche
Ozon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Pailharès
Pailharès is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Peaugres
Peaugres is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Peyraud
Peyraud is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Agrève
Saint-Agrève is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Roiffieux
Roiffieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Rochepaule
Rochepaule is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Préaux, Ardèche
Préaux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Plats
Plats is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Petanque
Petanque is a game played ince by many people.

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Plain
Saint-Barthélemy-le-Plain is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil
Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Barthélemy-Grozon
Saint-Barthélemy-Grozon is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Apollinaire-de-Rias
Saint-Apollinaire-de-Rias is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades
Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Saint-André-en-Vivarais
Saint-André-en-Vivarais is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-d'Ay
Saint-d'Ay is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

R.E.M.
R.E.M.

Limp Bizkit
Limp Bizkit is a nu metal band from Jacksonville, Florida.

XChat
XChat is a popular IRC client.

Status Quo
Status Quo, also known as The Quo just Quo, is a rock band fromd.

Funkadelic
Funkadelic was a funk band from United States.

Iron Butterfly
Iron Butterfly is a Psychedelic rock band from San Diego, California.

Freenode
Freenode is a a server that a user can go on to chat on IRC.

Dice Snake
The Dice snake  is a non-venomous snake belonging to family Colubridae, subfamily Natricinae.

The Cars
The Cars are a rock band from Boston.

Mibbit
Mibbit is an online IRC client that is free charge.

Holmium
Holmium  is a chemical element with symbol Ho atomic number 67.

Pjirc
Pjirc is an IRC client.

Gabrielle (Xena)
Gabrielle is a fictional character in ', played by Renée O'Connor.

Saint-Basile, Ardèche
Saint-Basile is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Original Six
The Original Six is all-known term for group six teams that composed National Hockey League  for 25 seasons between 1942-43 NHL season 1967 NHLsion.

Verona Rupes
Verona Rupes is a cliff onda, a moonus.

Saint-Christol, Ardèche
Saint-Christol is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard
Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Clair, Ardèche
Saint-Clair is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Clément, Ardèche
Saint-Clément is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Cyr, Ardèche
Saint-Cyr is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Désirat
Saint-Désirat is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Saint-Félicien, Ardèche
Saint-Félicien is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Jeure-d'Ay
Saint-Jeure-d'Ay is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Genest-Lachamp
Saint-Genest-Lachamp is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Jacques-d'Atticieux
Saint-Jacques-d'Atticieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Chambre
Saint-Chambre is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Roure
Saint-Roure is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-de-Muzols
Saint-de-Muzols is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure
Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Soulcalibur IV
is a fighting video game made by Namco Bandai for PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 game consoles.

Soulcalibur III
is a fighting video game made by Namco for PlayStation 2 game console Arcades.

Saint-Julience
Saint-Julience is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay
Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Martial, Ardèche
Saint-Martial is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Martin-de-Valamas
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon
Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Michel-d'Aurance
Saint-Michel-d'Aurance is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Julien-Boutières
Saint-Julien-Boutières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Soulcalibur II
is a fighting video game made by Namco for Arcades, asll as GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox game consoles.

Lilian Garcia
Lilian Annette García  is an singer ring announcer.

Thege Box
"Thege Box" is a video game compilation for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3.

Citizendium
Citizendium  is an-language wiki-based online encyclopedia launched by Larry Sanger in 2007.

Resident Evil 5
"Resident Evil 5", known in as, is a survival horror video game being made by Capcom for PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 game consoles.

Perişani River (Suhurlui)
The Perişani River is a tributary Suhurlui River inia.

Gologanu River
Theu River River is a tributary Gerului River inia.

Geruşiţa River
The Geruşiţa River is a tributary Gerului River inia.

Vameş River
The Vameş River is a tributary Gerului River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Verehia)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Verehia River inia.

Grămeşti River
The Grămeşti River is a tributary Verehia River inia.

Pârâul Roşu (Vorona)
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary Vorona River inia.

Sihăstria River (Vorona)
The Sihăstria River is a tributary Vorona River inia.

Pârâul Satului (Vorona)
The Pârâul Satului is a tributary Vorona River inia.

Chişcovata River
The Chişcovata River is a tributary Vorona River inia.

Bilca Mare River
The Bilca Mare River is a tributary Suceava River.

Bilca Mică River
The Bilca Mică River is a tributary Bilca Mare River inia.

Dragomirna River (Suceava)
The Dragomirna River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Stupinica River
The Stupinica River Sludnica River is a tributary Brodina River inia.

Cununschi River
The Cununschi River is a tributary Brodina River inia.

Brodinişoara River
The Brodinişoara River is a tributary Brodina River inia.

Falcău River (Suceava)
The Falcău River is a tributary Suceava River.

Cimirnariu River
The Cimirnariu River is a tributary Falcău River.

Râul Târgului (Suceava)
The Râul Târgului Pârâul Târgului is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Soloneţ River (Suceava)
The Soloneţ River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Cajvana River
Thea River is a tributary Soloneţ River inia.

Botoşana River (Suceava)
The Botoşana River is a tributary Soloneţ River inia.

Crişul Repede River
Crişul Repede  Sebes-Körös  is a river in Bihor county, Crişana,ia in southeastern Hungary.

Körös River
Körös  is a river in eastern Hungary.

Zglacu River
The Zglacu River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Tilpe River
The Tilpe River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Iedul River
The Iedul River Ieduţul River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Iadolina River
The Iadolina River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Runcu River (Iada)
The Runcu River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Guga River
The Guga River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Servinoasa River
The Servinoasa River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Valea Izvorului River (Iada)
The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Chicano
A chicano is a man who has a mixed ancestry/or citizenship United States usually Mexico.

Spinoasa River
The Spinoasa River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Iad River
The Iad River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Dark Cloud 2
"Dark Cloud 2", known in PAL regions as, is a role-playing video game made by Level-5 released by Sony Computer Entertainment for PlayStation 2 game console.

Valea Rea River (Iada)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Valea Curii River
The Valea Curii River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Valea Lupului River (Leşu)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Valea Lupului River (Munteni)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Capra River (Iad)
The Capra River is a tributary Spinoasa River inia.

Lando
Lando is a major character in "Star Wars" universe.

Daşoru River
The Daşoru River is a tributary Spinoasa River inia.

Lungşorul River
The Lungşorul River is a tributary Spinoasa River inia.

Selhiş River
The Selhiş River is a tributary Spinoasa River inia.

Zimbrul River
The Zimbrul River is a tributary Selhiş River inia.

Billy Dee Williams
Billy Dee Williams  is an actor, artist, writer.

Valea Păstrăvăriei River
The Valea Păstrăvăriei River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Galbenele River
The Galbenele River is a tributary Valea Păstrăvăriei River inia.

Leşu River (Iada)
The Leşu River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Sălătruc River (Iada)
The Sălătruc River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Hodrânguşa River
The Hodrânguşa River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Boţii River
The Boţii River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Cârligate River
The Cârligate River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Muncelu River (Iad)
The Muncelu River is a tributary Cârligate River inia.

Dragoteanu River
Theu River is a tributary Muncelu River inia.

Gruiu Ursului River
The Gruiu Ursului River is a tributary Cârligate River inia.

Aria Vulturilor River
The Aria Vulturilor River is a tributary Cârligate River inia.

Valea La Stână River
The Valea La Stână River is a tributary Cârligate River inia.

Sărăcelu River
The Sărăcelu River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Valea Măguricii River
The Valea Măgurici River is a tributary Sărăcelu River inia.

Mihăeşti River
The Mihăeşti River is a tributary Iada River inia.

Slatina River (Remezeu)
The Slatina River is a tributary Remezeu River inia.

Boişa River
The Boişa River is a tributary Pozen River inia.

Valea Pietrei River (Acriş)
The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary Acriş River inia.

Secu River (Popeni)
The Secu River is a tributary Popeni River inia.

Crăieşti River
The Crăieşti River is a tributary Bozieni River inia.

Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux
Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Prix, Ardèche
Saint-Prix is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Romain-d'Ay
Saint-Romain-d'Ay is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Antwerp (province)
Antwerp  is a province in north Region, also calledders, Belgium.

Thulium
Thulium  is a chemical element that has symbol Tm atomic number 69.

Mendelevium
Mendelevium ) is a synthetic element with symbol Md  atomic number 101.

Nobelium
Nobelium  is a synthetic element with symbol No atomic number 102.

Ununoctium
Ununoctium , also known as eka-radon element 118, is temporary IUPAC for transactinide element having atomic number 118 temporary element symbol Uuo.

Baphomet
Baphomet is a unestablishedigin.

Raúl Castro
Raúl Modesto Castro Ruz  is President Council State head state Cuba.

Toulaud
Toulaud is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Thorrenc
Thorrenc is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Talencieux
Talencieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Sécheras
Sécheras is a commune in Ardèche department Rhône-Alpes regionce.

Soyons
Soyons is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Silhac
Silhac is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Serrières, Ardèche
Serrières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Romain-de-Lerps
Saint-Romain-de-Lerps is a commune Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Sylvestre, Ardèche
Saint-Sylvestre is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Symphorien-de-Mahun
Saint-Symphorien-de-Mahun is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Victor, Ardèche
Saint-Victor is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-Étienne-de-Valoux
Saint-Étienne-de-Valoux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Sarras, Ardèche
Sarras is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Satillieu
Satillieu is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Savas
Savas is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vanosc
Vanosc is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vaudevant
Vaudevant is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vernoux-en-Vivarais
Vernoux-en-Vivarais is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vernosc-lès-Annonay
Vernosc-lès-Annonay is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Villevocance
Villevocance is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vinzieux
Vinzieux is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vion, Ardèche
Vion is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Vocance
Vocance is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Saint-André-de-Cruzières
Saint-André-de-Cruzières is a commune in Ardèche "département" in southernce.

Mulhal
Mulhal is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Lawa (Punjab)
Lawa is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Lehrpur
Lehrpur is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil.

Malcolm Barber
Malcolm Charles Barber (b.

Knights Templar
The Poor Fellow-Soldiers Christ Temple Solomon , commonly known as Knights Templar Order Temple ,re among famous militaryders.

Neil Entwistle
Neil Entwistle  is a convicted double murderer  who is currently serving two consecutive life sentences in state Massachusetts in United States.

Iaslovăţ River
The Iaslovăţ River is a tributary Solca River inia.

Solcuţa River
The Solcuţa River is a tributary Solca River inia.

Ardeluţa River (Solcuţa)
The Ardeluţa River is a tributary Solcuţa River inia.

Haşca River (Putna)
The Haşca River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Putnişoara River (Suceava)
The Putnişoara River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Steja River
The Steja River is a tributary Putnişoara River inia.

Viţău River
The Viţău River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Pârâul Morii (Suceava)
The Pârâul Morii is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Sadău River
The Sadău River is a tributary Suceava River.

Târnauca River
The Târnauca River is a tributary Suceava River.

Climăuţi River
The Climăuţi River Pârâul Rusului is a tributary Suceava River.

Hatnuţa River
The Hatnuţa River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Huc River
The Huc River is a tributary Hatnuţa River inia.

Pătrăuţeanca River
The Pătrăuţeanca River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Suceviţa River
The Suceviţa River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Rusca River (Suceviţa)
The Rusca River is a tributary Suceviţa River inia.

Bercheza River
The Bercheza River is a tributary Suceviţa River inia.

Voievodeasa River (Suceviţa)
The Voievodeasa River is a tributary Suceviţa River inia.

Topliţa River (Suceviţa)
The Topliţa River is a tributary Suceviţa River inia.

Volovăţ River (Suceviţa)
The Volovăţ River is a tributary Suceviţa River inia.

Estádio doã
Estádio doã is a Multipurpose stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Cellulite
Cellulite is a dimpled appearance skin,se are irregular fat cells toxins trapped under skin which body has.

BitchX
BitchX is an IRC client.

Ōkami
is an action-adventure video game made by Clover Studio published by Capcom for PlayStation 2 Wii game consoles.

Pokémon Pinball
is a pinball video game made by Jupiter published by Nintendo for Game Boy Color game console.

Nausicaä Valley Wind
is a work Hayao Miyazaki's.

Ilişeşti River
The Ilişeşti River Ilişasca River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Şcheia River
The Şcheia River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Udeşti River
The Udeşti River is a tributary Suceava River inia.

Princess Mononoke
is a 1997 anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki.

Valea Sălcii River
The Valea Sălcii River Valea Sălciilor River is a tributary Rusciori River inia.

Putna River (Prigor)
The Putna River is a tributary Prigor River inia.

Brezoviţa River
The Brezoviţa River is a tributary Prigor River inia.

Selina River
The Selina River Şumiţa River is a tributary Brezoviţa River inia.

Ţerova River (Brezoviţa)
The Ţerova River is a tributary Brezoviţa River inia.

Valea Mare River (Nera)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Haimeliug River
The Haimeliug River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Lighidia River
The Lighidia River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Ducin River
The Ducin River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Ducinoiu River
The Ducinoiu River is a tributary Ducin River inia.

Ogaşu Odăilor
The Ogaşu Odăilor is a tributary Ducin River inia.

Bresnic River
The Bresnic River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Slatina River (Nera)
The Slatina River is a tributary Bresnic River inia.

Meliugel River
The Meliugel River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Radovanu River
Theu River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Valea Rea River (Nera)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Tişia River
The Tişia River is a tributary Valea Rea River inia.

Ducinu Sec River
The Ducinu Sec Riveri is a tributary Valea Rea River inia.

Lindina River
The Lindina River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Blezniac River
The Blezniac River is a tributary Lindina River inia.

Beu River
The Beu River Beiu River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Chichiregu River
The Chichiregu River is a tributary Beu River inia.

Răcăjdianu River
The Răcăjdianu River is a headwater Beu River inia.

Beuşniţa River
The Beuşniţa River is a tributary Beu River inia.

Seleştiuţa River
The Seleştiuţa River is a headwater Beu River inia.

Ulmu Mic River
The Ulmu Mic River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Ulmu Mare River
The Ulmu Mare River is a tributary Nera River inia.

Walloont
Walloont  is a province Wallonia in country Belgium.

Veracruz
Veracruz is 32 states that make up Mexico.

Beneath a Steel Sky
"Beneath a Steel Sky" is a point click adventure computer game made by Revolution Software published by Virgin Interactive for DOS, Amiga, Amiga CD32.

Scheme (programming language)
Scheme is a programming lamguage.

Propædia
The "Propædia" is threes Encyclopaedianica, other two being 12-volume "Micropædia" 17-volume "Macropædia".

Macropædia
The 17-book "Macropædia" is "Encyclopædianica", other twos are 12-book "Micropædia" 1-book "Propædia".

Micropædia
The 12-book "Micropædia" is threes edition "Encyclopædianica", other two being-book "Propædia" 17-book "Macropædia".

Mantle (vesture)
A mantle  is an ecclesiastical garment in a very full cape which extends to floor, joined at neck, that is worn over garments.

The Courier-Mail
"The Courier-Mail" is a newspaper made in Australia.

Işın Karaca
Işın Karaca  is a-Cypriot pop singer.

A Game Thrones
"A Game Thrones" is seven planned books in "A Song Ice Fire", a fantasy series by author George R.

Fritz Wunderlich
Fritz Wunderlich  was a tenor.

Half a Yellow Sun
Half a Yellow Sun is a book that was written by authorda Ngozi Adichie in 2006, was published by Knopf/Anchor.

Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie  is an award-winning writer.

Sind River
The Sind Streamignates from slopes Zojila Pass flowing to southst is joined by another stream coming from Dachhen-Para.

Shaman King
Shaman King is anime manga series by Hiroyuki Takei.

Banihal Pass
Banihal Pass is located t an altitude 9,200 feet above sea level, in eastern region Pir Panjal range, at 75.16 longtude 33.31 latitude.

Parker Brothers
Parker Brothers is a toy game manufacturer brand.

Kariwood
Cinema in Karachi Kariwood  had its golden days in 1960s when prominent film studiosre located in Karachi, making films for viewership ae growing working-class population.

Gijsbert
Gijsbert   was leader 1857 Secession Dutchs from Reformed Church in America.

Namur (province)
Namur  is a province Wallonia, three regions Belgium.

Luxembourg (province)
It has been suggested that text on "Luxembourg " be merged into  this section.

Country (disambiguation)
A country is a political division a geographical region.

Zojila Pass
This historical pass tremendous importance, is situated at an altitude 13000 feet above sea level, at 74.50 longitude 34.17 latitude.

Babusar Pass
Babusar Pass is situated at height 13690 feet above sea level.

Khunjerab Pass
Khunjerab Pass is situated at an altitude 15420 feet above sea level in north Hunza on China's boundary.

Karakoram Pass
Karakoram Pass is situated at a height 18290 feet above sea level.

Shandur Pass
The height this pass is 13200 feet above sea level, it connects Gupis, Gilgit with Chitral.

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn  was a writer novels, dramatist, historian.

Debian Free Software Guidelines
The Free Software Guidelines  is a set guidelines  that Project uses to decide whether a software license is a free software license, which is whether a piece software can be included in.

Parsix GNU/Linux
Parsix GNU/Linux is a Linux distribution available as a live CD that can also be installed on a hard disk.

PingOO
PingOO is a communication server based on.

Madden NFL 09
Madden NFL 09 is a video game about National Football League .

Lena Katina
Yelena Sergeevna Katina , better known as Lena Katina is a singer.

Eleanor Provence
Elanore Provence (c.

Jam session
A jam session is when a band get together to play music without a prepared arrangement.

Compilation
In music, a compilation is a record, usually an album, which contains songs from more than source.

Necrophagist
Necrophagist is a death metal band fromy.

Page 44
Page 44 is an indie-rock band fromd.

Logroño
Logroño is a city in northern Spain.

Liberal arts
The thought liberal art is received from classical antiquity.

Brain damage
Brain damage is damage to brain from either illnesses injuries.

Assembly language
An assembly language is a low-level programming language, meaning that it is looks more binary, for programming computers.

Toffee
Toffee is a candy which is made by boiling sugar with butter,n cooling mixture so that it becomes hard.

Chop (Ukraine)
Chop  is a city found in Zakarpattia Oblast stern Ukraine, near borders Slovakia Hungary.

United States metropolitan area
Metropolitan Statistical Areas  aree metropolitan areas United States as defined by Office Management Budget.

Jenks, Oklahoma
Jenks is a city in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, United States, a suburb Tulsa, in northeastern state.

Owasso, Oklahoma
Owasso is a city in Rogers Tulsa counties in U.S.

Broken Arrow, Oklahoma
Broken Arrow is a city located in northeastern U.S.

Inuvik, Northwest Territories
Inuvik is a town in Northwest Territories Canada.

Edmond, Oklahoma
Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, a Oklahoma City metropolitan area in central state.

QuikTrip
QuikTrip  is a Tulsa-based chain convenience stores mainly found in United States .

Oklahoma City Thunder
The Oklahoma City Thunder is a professional basketball franchise based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Nadsat
Nadsat is a slang language.

Larry Bird
Lawrence Joseph "Larry" Bird  is an retired NBA basketball player.

Seattle SuperSonics
The Seattle SuperSonics re an professional basketball team based in Seattle,ington that played in Pacific Northwest Divisions National Basketball Association  from 1967 until its final season in 2007–2008.

Jurassic Park (movie)
"Jurassic Park" is a 1993 science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg, based on novel same by Michael Crichton.

Jørn Utzon
Jørn Utzon  is a architect who isll known for designing Sydney Opera House in Australia.

Psycholinguistics
Psycholinguistics psychology language is study psychological neurobiological factors that lets humans to get, use, understand language.

Livid
Livid is an alternative live music festival from Australia.

Meherabad
Meherabad  is main center where Meher Baba lived worked from 1923.

Sakori
Sakori is a village in Ahmednagar Districttra State, India that is famous as place where Upasni Maharaj lived worked.

Ajri
Ajri is an Indo language.

Bashkardi
Bashkardiagerdi is a southwestern language spoken in southeast in provinces,,.

Derawali
Derawali is an Indo language spoken insterns Punjab,; it is a dialect Seraiki  language.

Jhangochi
Jhangochi  is oldest conservative dialect Punjabi language.

Kalash language
Kalasha  is an Indo language in Indo branch, further classified as a Dardic language in Chitral Group.

Piergiorgio Odifreddi
Piergiorgio Odifreddi , is an mathematician, logician fond history science.

Lubanki
Lubanki, Also known aski is an Indo language spoken byas tribal grouping in Republic India.

Parkari Koli
The Parkari Koli language  is a language mainly spoken in province Sindh,.

Sarikoli
The Sarikoli language  is a member Pamir subgroup languages spoken by Tajiks in China border regionsimir.

Waziri
Waziri language is a language spoken by Waziris in in neighboring provinces in.

Sandbach
Sandbach is a Market Town inire, United Kingdom.

Alsager
Alsager is a Town inire, United Kingdom.

Badawi Pass
The Badawi Pass connects Dir with District in North-West Frontier Province.

Bilafond La Pass
Bilafond La , also known as Saltoro Pass, is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge, which sits immediatelyst vast Siachen Glacier.

Sia La Pass
Sia La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge, which sits immediatelyst vast Siachen Glacier.

Bara-lacha-la Pass
Bara-lacha-la (also known as Bara-lacha Pass, el.

Changla Pass
Thegla Pass (el.

Fatu La Pass
Fotu la (el.

Khardong La Pass
Khardung La   is a high mountain pass located in Ladakh region, Maqbuzamir.

Lungalacha La Pass
Lachulanga la (el.

Marsimik La
Marsimik La, elevation 5,582 metres , is a high mountain pass ing-Chemno Range in northernmir.

Namika La Pass
Namika la (el.

Pensi La Pass
Pensi-la is a mountain pass in Ladakh region Maqbuzamir, which is known as Gateway to Zanskar.

Sasser Pass
Sasser Pass Saser-la (el.

Shingo La Pass
Shingo-la is a mountain pass in Occupiedmir, on border between Jammumir Himachal .

Tanglang La Pass
Taglang La, elevation 17,582 feet [1], is a high mountain pass in Ladakh, Occupiedmir.

Bolan Pass
Bolan Pass  is a mountain pass through Toba Kakar Range mountains instern, 120 kilometres from border.

Broghol Pass
Broghol Pass, also spelled Boroghil several other ways, (el.

Chaprot Pass
Chaprot Pass Daintar Pass is a mountain pass to northeasti Peak  in northwest Chaprot.

Dorah Pass
Dorah Pass, also spelled pronounced Durah Pass, connects in with Chitral in.

Gondogoro Pass
Gondogoro Pass is a high mountain pass on Gondogoro Glacier near Vigne Glacier.

Gumal Pass
Gumal Pass Gomal Pass  is a mountain pass on border southeastern portion South in's Federally Administered Tribal Areas.

Hayal Pass
Hayal Pass (el.

Hispar Pass
Hispar Pass  (el.

Karakar Pass
Karakar Pass (el.

Khojak Pass
Khojak Pass (el.

Kilik Pass
Kilik Pass (el.

Kohat Pass
Kohat Pass is a mountain pass in North-West Frontier Province, connecting Kohat withawar, crossinga Mountains.

Lowari Pass
Lowari Pass  (el.

Malakand Pass
Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in.

Mintaka Pass
Mintaka Pass  (el.

Mustagh Pass
The Mustagh Pass Muztagh Pass is a pass across Baltoro Muztagh range in Karakorams includes K2, world's highest mountain.

Drosophila melanogaster
"Drosophila melanogaster" is a, common fly found near unripe rotted fruit.

Covaci River
The Covaci River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Lauren Bacall
Lauren Bacall  is an movie stage actress model.

Tulsa 66ers
The Tulsa 66ers are an NBA Development League team based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.

NBA Development League
The NBA Development League, D-League, is National Basketball Association'sficially sponsored operated developmental basketballganization.

Arama River (Lunca Mare)
The Arama River is a tributary Lunca Mare River inia.

Sadocuţu River
The Sadocuţu River is a tributary Lunca Mare River inia.

Glodu River (Azuga)
The Glodu River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Valea Turcului River (Azuga)
The Valea Turcului River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Neamţu River (Valea Turcului)
The Neamţu River is a tributary Valea Turcului River inia.

Poienari River
The Poienari River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Sărăcineanca River
The Sărăcineanca River is a tributary Poienari River inia.

Popilnica River
The Popilnica River is a tributary Homorod River inia.

Hamaradia River
The Hamaradia River Hămăradia River is a tributary Homorod River inia.

Curtu Mare River
The Curtu Mare River is a tributary Hamaradia River inia.

Ier River (Barcău)
The Ier River Eriu River  is a tributary Barcău River inia.

Barcău River (Criş)
The Barcău River Bereteu River  is a river that starts in Sălaj County,ia.

Ghirolt River
The Ghirolt River is a tributary Ier River inia.

Valea Rea River (Jaleş)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Jaleş River inia.

Bitwise operation
The phrase: bitwise operation is used in electronics is used in computer programming to change numbers using an operation, such as AND, OR, NOT, Exclusive Or , Not And .

Valea Drugilor River
The Valea Drugilor River is a tributary Gilort River inia.

Sterminos River (Jiul de Est)
The Sterminos River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Buha River
The Buha River is a tributary Sterminos River inia.

Cotu Ursului River
The Cotu Ursului River is a tributary Sterminos River inia.

Voievodu River
The Voievodu River is a tributary Sterminos River inia.

Fetiţa River (Voievodu)
The Fetiţa River is a tributary Voievodu River inia.

Irving Berlin
Irving Berlin  was a-born composer lyricist.

Ceair River (Urluia)
The Ceair River is a tributary Urluia River inia.

Cerchez River
The Cerchez River is a tributary Ceair River inia.

Măgura River (Cerchez)
The Măgura River is a tributary Cerchez River inia.

Valea Baciului River (Urluia)
The Valea Baciului is a tributary Urluia River inia.

Deleni River (Urluia)
The Deleni River is a tributary Valea Baciului River inia.

Vârtejul River
The Vârtejul River is a tributarya River inia.

Mârghia River
The Mârghia River is a tributarya River inia.

Supercentenarian
A supercentenarian isone who has 110 years more,thing achieved by only in a thousand centenarians.

Leila Denmark
Leila Alice Daughtry Denmark, M.D.

Dhow
The "dhow" is a type boat.

Sarah Siddons
Sarah Siddons  was a actress.

Atomic bombingsima Nagasaki
The atomic bombingsima Nagasakire nuclear attacks at end World War II against Empire by United States coordinated by U.S.

W. S. Gilbert
Sir William Schwenck Gilbert  was an dramatist, librettist, poet illustrator.

Borough Congleton
The Borough Congleton  is inire.

Naltar Pass
Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to northi Peak in Naltar Valley in.

Shangla Pass
Shangla Pass connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat, in NWFP,.

Diphu Pass
Diphu Pass is a path through mountains where borders PRC,mar meet.

Dongka La Pass
Dongkha (el.

Goecha La Pass
Goecha La (el.

Haldighati Pass
Haldighati  is a mountain pass in Aravalli Range instern India.

Jelep La Pass
Jelep La  (el.

Kasara Ghat Pass
Kasara ghat is a ghat  in Ghats near town Kasara intra.

Kumbharli Ghat Pass
The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass intra, India cutting across Ghats range.

Lipu-Lekh Pass
Lipu-Lekh Pass (el.

Nama Pass
Nama Pass (el.

Naneghat Pass
Naneghat  is a mountain pass in Ghats range near Junnar in Pune districttra, India.

Nathu La Pass
Nathu La Pass is a mountain pass in Himalayas.

Palakkad Gap Pass
Palakkad Gap is a 32-42 kilometer wide low mountain pass in Ghats, near Palakkad town in South State Kerala.

Pangsau Pass
Pangsau Pass, 3727 feet in altitude, lies on crest Patkai Hills on Republic India-Burma  border.

Pin Parvati Pass
The Pin Parvati Pass is a mountain pass in Himachal, India.

Rohtang Pass
Rohtang Pass (el.

Shipki La Pass
Shipkila is a mountain pass border post on Republic India-China border.

Sin La Pass
Sin La (el.

Traill's Pass
Traill's Pass (el.

Kanchenjunga
Kangchenjunga  SewaLungma  is highest mountain in world .

Facebook
Facebook is a social networkingbsite launched on February 4, 2004.

List Oklahoma state symbols
This is a list Oklahoma's state symbols, includingficial unofficial.

Pubic hair
Pubic hair is that which covers area around sexgans.

White Rose
The White Rose was a group that opposed Nazis in World War II.

Ring Fire (song)
"Ring Fire" is a country music song popularized by Johnny co-written by June Carter Merle Kilgore.

Main Page/Article 1
Jessica Marie Alba  is an actress.

Port wine
Port wine  is a wine.

North Mississippi Allstars
North Mississippi Allstars is a blues-rock band fromdo, Mississippi.

Malika Parbat
Malika Parbat  (el.

Rakaposhi
Rakaposhi  is a mountain in Karakoram mountain range in.

Tirich Mir
Tirich Mir  is highest mountain in Hindu region northern.

Wagah
Wagah  is only road international border crossing between Republic India, lies on G.T.

Jamie Anderson
Jamie Anderson is an female singer from Tucson, Arizona.

R.L. Burnside
R.

Dal Lake
The Dal Lake is a famous lake in Srinagar, summer capital northern indian occupied state Jammumir,.

Pangong Tso (Lake)
Pangong Tso  is a lake in Himalayas situated at a height about 4,250 m .

Tsomoriri
Tsomoriri is a lake in Ladakh,mir.

Wular Lake
Wular Lake  is fresh water lakes in Asia.

Ansoo Lake
Ansoo Lake "" is a high-altitude lake  in Valley in Mansehra District North-West Frontier Province.

Borith Lake
Borith Lake is a lake in Areas.

Dudipatsar Lake
Dudiptsar lake Dudipat Lake is a lake encircled by snow clad peaks.

Haleji Lake
Haleji Lake  is located in Thatta District, Sindh,.

Hanna Lake
Hanna Lake  is a lake near Quetta city in is main attractions in city.

Kachura Lake
Kachura Lakes are two lakes in Skardu ; Upper Kachura Lake Lower Kachura Lake.

Keenjhar Lake
Kalri Lake  Kinjhar Lake  is located in Thatta, Sindh,.

Kundol Lake
Kundol Lake is a lake in.

Lulusar Lake
Lulusar is a lake near Valley in North-West Frontier Province.

Mahodand Lake
Mahudand Lake is a lake about 40 km from Kalam, in's upper Ushu Valley.

Manchar Lake
Lake Manchar is freshwater lake in Asia's.

Namal Lake
Namal Lake is located in corner Namal valley inwali, Punjab,.

Rama Lake
Rama Lake is a lake near Astore in Areas,.

Rawal Lake
Rawal Lake is an artificial reservoir in that provides water needs for cities Rawalpindi Islamabad.

Rush Lake
Rush Lake is a high altitude lake located near Pari Peak .

Quantum immortality
Quantum Immortality is aory in which it is proposed that consciousness stays alive even though conscious being dies.

Saiful Muluk Lake
Lake Muluk  is a lake located at northern end Valley  near.

Satpara Lake
Satpara Lake is an important lake in Skardu Valley which supplies water for town Skardu, which is located at 2,636 meters .

Shangrila Lake
Shangrila Lake Lower Kachura Lake is agrila resort located at a drive about 20 minutes from Skardu  town.

Sheosar Lake
Sheosar Lake is a lake situated in Deosai Plains, Areas.

Snow Lake
Snow Lake, Lukpe Lawo, is a high-altitude glacial basin in Karakoram mountain range in Areas.

Drang-Drung Glacier
Theg-drung Glacier is glacier in Ladakh Occupiedmir, situted near Pensi-la.

Baltoro Glacier
The Baltoro Glacier, at 62 kilometers long, is longest glaciersside polar regions.

Biafo Glacier
The Biafo Glacier is a 63 km long glacier in Karakoram Mountains Areas, which meets 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an altitude 5,128 m  at Hispar La  to create world's longest glacial systemside polar regions.

Abruzzi Glacier
Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier in north Baltoro Kangri peak in Areas.

Biarchedi Glacier
The Biarchedi Glacier is located on northeast Biarchedi Peak in.

Godwin-Austen Glacier
The Godwin-Austen Glacier is located near K2 in Areas.

Gondogoro Glacier
Gondogoro Glacier Gondoghoro Glacier is glacier near Concordia in Areas.

Hispar Glacier
Hispar Glacier is a 49 km long glacier in Karakoram Mountains  which meets 63 km long Biafo Glacier at Hispar La Pass  at an altitude 5,128 m  to create world's longest glacial systemside polar regions.

Miar Glacier
Miar Glacier is a glacier thats in north Miar Peak  in.

Panmah Glacier
Panmah Glacier is a glacier in Areas.

Rupal Glacier
Rupal Glacierain Glacier is a glacier in Great Himalaya subrange Himalayas.

Sarpo Laggo Glacier
The Sarpo Laggo Glacier  is a glacier in Areas, in Karakoram mountain range Himalayas.

Shani Glacier
Shani Glacier is a glacier in northi Peak  in Naltar Valley,.

Trango Glacier
Trango Glacier is a glacier neargo Tower mountain in, Areas.

Vigne Glacier
Vigne Glacier is a glacier in Areas, near Gondogoro Glacier Baltoro Glacier.

Lemony Snicket's A Series Unfortunate Events
"Lemony Snicket's A Series Unfortunate Events" is a 2004 film from Paramount Pictures Nickelodeon movies, starring Jim Carrey as Count Olaf.

Lemony Snicket
Lemony Snicket is author who wrote A Series Unfortunate Events books.

Kermit Love
Kermit Ernestead Love  was an puppeteer, costume designer, actor in children's television on Broadway.

Tarbela Dam
Tarbela Dam  is ae dam on Indus River in.

Upper Kachura Lake
This lake is located at a distance 3 km from Lower Kachura Lake.

Colloquy (IRC client)
Colloquy is an IRC client written in Objective-C.

Alarm
An alarm isthing people quickly tothing.

Little River (Oklahoma)
The Little River is a tributary River, 90 mi  long, in central Oklahoma in United States.

Tornado Alley
Tornado Alley is a colloquial termten used in reference to area United States in which tornadoes are frequent.

Mistletoe
"Mistletoe" is common for a group hemi-parasitic plants inder Santalales that grow branches a tree shrub.

Potoroo
A potoroo is any member genus "Potorous".

The Big City
Date: February 13, 1982 Edited into.

Michael Gambon
Sir Michael John Gambon, CBE , is an acclaimed.Gambon is playersten repeated distinguishm from Britain, with a career that spans nearly five decades includes a variety roles inater, television film.

Mercosur
Mercosur Mercosul  is a Regional Trade Agreement  between Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay Uruguay.

Leti, Punjab
Leti is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

C. Everett Koop
Charles Everett Koop  is an physician who becamell known as a pediatric surgeon at Children's Hospital Philadelphia.

White bass
The white bass sand bass  is a freshwater fish temperate bass family Moronidae.

Nagasaki Prefecture
Nagasaki Prefecture is islandu in.

Rose rock
The Rose Rock is a rock that has a shape similar to a rose blossom.

Ouachita Mountains
The Ouachita Mountains are a mountain range located inst centralsas southeastern Oklahoma.

Arbuckle Mountains
The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south-central Oklahoma in United States.

Wichita Mountains
The Wichita Mountains are located in southwestern Oklahoma.

Kiamichi Mountains
The Kiamichi Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma.

Idabel, Oklahoma
Idabel is a city in McCurtain County, Oklahoma, United States.

Gegenschein
Theein, also called Counterglow, is a very faint light which can be seen in sky at night.

Lawton, Oklahoma
Lawton is a city in county seatche County, Oklahoma, United States.

Haunted house
A haunted house is a house where supernatural events are place.

Planetshine
The phenomenon known as planetshine happens when sunlight from a planet lights dark side its moons.

Moore, Oklahoma
Moore is a city ind County, Oklahoma is Oklahoma City Area.

Ephemeris
An ephemeris is a table giving predicted positions a object in space, another planet, comet, asteroid.

Saros cycle
The Saros cycle is an eclipse cycle about 18 years 11 days 8 hours .

Ford Center
Ford Center is a multipurpose indoor sports/concert arena located in downtown Oklahoma City.

Tulsa Revolution
The Tulsa Revolution is a professional soccer team from Tulsa, Oklahoma that plays in Central Division Indoor Soccer League.

Arena football
Arena Football is a sport similar to football.

Strong Mayor
Strong-mayor is a mayor-council government.

Pir Panjal Range
This range mountains takes its start from extendsstward in south Occupiedmir  to last extremity Muzaffarabad District.

Happy Feet
"Happy Feet" is a 2006 computer-animated comedy-drama musical movie.

Bernie Mac
Bernie Mac , was a two-time Emmy Award-nominated actor comedian.

Michael Phelps
Michael Fred Phelps was born on June 30, 1985 in Baltimore,d).

Severeather
Severeather is any destructiveather phenomenon.

Indian Territory
The Territory, also known as The Country, The territory territories, was land set aside within United States for use Natives.

Kenton, Oklahoma
Kenton is a unincorporated community in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, United States.

Trio
A trio is a group three things, a group three persons who are doingthing together.

Alfred Cortot
Alfred Denis Cortot  was a French-Swiss pianist conductor.

Pesto
Pesto is a sauce thatiginated in Liguria, in Italy.

Indiana Jones Temple Doom
"Indiana Jones Temple Doom" is a 1984 movie starring Harrison Ford directed by Steven Spielberg.

Andrei Tarkovsky
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky   was a Soviet film director, writer opera director.

Boss (video game)
In video games, a boss is usually an enemy found at end a level game that is stronger than regular enemies.

Grappling hook
A grappling hook is a tool up higher.

Pegasus
Pegasus  is a flying horse in Greek mythology.

Christian Gottlob Neefe
Christian Gottlob Neefe  was Ludwig van Beethoven's teacher.

Pedestal
A pedestal is a platform that holds up objects statues vases.

Madgeburg
Madgeburg is a town iny.

Pendant
A pendant is an object that usually hangs from a necklace.

Office Film Literature Classification (Australia)
The Office Film Literature Classification is a censorship classification group that rates video games, movies, publications.

Satellaview
The Satellaview is a satellite modem add-on for Super Nintendo Entertainment System only released in by Nintendo.

Action-adventure game
An action-adventure game is a video game genre that uses gameplay from adventure action games.

Steve Miller Band
The Steve Miller Band is a blues rock band led by Steve Miller.

Ariadne
Ariadne, in Greek mythology, was daughter King Minos Crete his queen, Pasiphaë, daughter Helios, Sun-titan.

Bird's eye view
A bird's-eye view is a viewthing from above, from a bird's view.

Kōji Kondō
is a composer musician who makes video game music for Nintendo,ten for games in "The Legend Zelda" series "Mario" series.

Electronic Gaming Monthly
"Electronic Gaming Monthly"  is an video game magazine published by Ziff Davis.

Brownie Brown
is a Nintendo-owned video game development company in Tokyo,.

Nintendo Entertainment Analysis Development
Nintendo Entertainment Analysis Development  is Nintendo's game studio.

Tiel
Tiel is a town in middleds.

Zanskar Range
The Zanskar Range is spread over a vast area from south eastern boundaries statemir extends in northst direction to eastern limits.

Karakoram Range
Karakoram Range mountains starting in extreme north Hindu Range mountain extending eastward in north District ends in northeast corner state Jammu &mir.

Hindu Range
This range mountains starts near Pamir in north Gilgit extending in southst deep into North-West Frontier Province, Tirich Mir is located here.

Nanga Parbat Range
This mountain is situated between Chilas Astore running northwest to southeast.

Deosai Mountains
A range mountains called Deosai stands between Valemir, Gilgit Agency District.

Harmukh Mountain
Harmukh is a branch great range which is situated between valleys Jhelum Neelum in north easternmir Valley to north Srinagar .

Hiroya Miura
Hiroya Miura  is a composer performer working in fields contemporary classical music.

Sulaiman Range
The Mountains  are a major geological feature bordering ranges between Plateau South Asia.

Salt Range
The Salt Range is a hill system in Punjab province, deriving its from its extensive deposits rock salt.

Toba Kakar Range
The Toba Kakar Mountains are afshoot Himalayas in region.

Ladakh Range
The Ladakh Range is a segment Karakoram Range, that extends southeastward for 230 miles  from mouth Shyok River in Ladakh region, Occupiedmir to/Chinese border.

Kiki's Delivery Service
"Kiki's Delivery Service", known in as, is a movie about a witchd Kiki who goes to live on her own for a year, just all witches must do at her age.

Future Boy
 is an anime series made by Hayao Miyazaki based on future.

The Castle Cagliostro
"The Castle Cagliostro", known in as is an anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki.

Ponyo on Cliff by Sea
is an anime movie made by Studio Ghibli's Hayao Miyazaki.

Libel
A libel is a false statement that damages a person's reputation in a major way.

Howl's Moving Castle (film)
is an anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki.

Trauma center
A trauma center is a hospital able to help patients 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Academia
Academia is a word for higher education research.

Biblical studies
Biblical studies is academic study Judeo Bible other similar books.

Isaac Hayes
Isaac Hayes  was a famous soul singer, songwriter, actor.

Operation Searchlight
Operation Searchlight was a planned military pacification carried by Army to curb Bengali nationalist movement in erstwhile East in March 1971.

India relations
The Indiaip since independence have been cold, relations between Republic India have been characterized by rivalry suspicion.

Afghanistan–Pakistan relations
Pakistan shares a long land border with .

Pakistani-Bengali Relations
Thei relationship is yet to be at a level that may be called warm.

Pakistan-UAE Relations
Pakistan was country to accordal recognition to UAE on its achieving independence.

Greek–Pakistan relations
Greeki relations are foreign relations between Greece.

Pakistan Relations
Pakistan relations are relations Russia.

Pakistan-Vietnam Relations
Vietnamficially established diplomatic relations on 8 November 1972.

Iran Relations
Historically, was nation to recognize.

Associativity
Associativity is a mathematic operations.

Disney's Nine Old Men
Disney's Nine Old Menre a group animators whore very importants for Disney.

Ollie Johnston
Oliver Martin Johnston, Jr.

Enter Shikari
Enter Shikari are a Post-hardcore band from Sts,ire,d.

Random House
Random House is-language book publisher in world.

Dr. Seuss
Theodor Seuss Geisel  was an writer cartoonist.

False Vampire Bats
The False Vampire Bats  are a subfamliy bats.

Centaur (planetoid)
A Centaur in astronomy is a object an asteroid thatbits goes around Sun between planets Jupiter Neptune.

List cities ind
Thailand divides its municipalities  into three levels - cities about quantity inhabitants, , towns  townships .

Sidcup
Sidcup is a suburban development in London Borough Bexley in South East London.

Quentin Blake
Quentin Saxby Blake CBE  is a cartoonist, illustrator children's book author, known for his drawings in books written by Roald Dahl.

Chassis
A chassis  consists a framework that supports an inanimate  object.

Green Eggs Ham
"Green Eggs Ham" is a book by Dr.

Superia IV
"Superia IV", known in as is an adventure platforming video game made by Konami for Super Nintendo Entertainment System.

Claude Lévi-Strauss
Claude Lévi-Strauss  is a French anthropologist.

North Tyrol
North Tyrol, North Tirol  is main state Tyrol, located instern country.

Castlevania (video game)
"Castlevania", known in as, is an action platforming video game made by Konami for Nintendo Entertainment System.

Spectral Bat
The genus "Vampyrum" contains only species, Spectral Bat ("V.

Emmanuelle
Emmanuelle is lead character in a series French softcore based on a character created byuelle in novel "Emmanuelle" .

Millvina
Elizabeth Gladys “Millvina”  is, at age 96, last living survivor sinking RMS "Titanic" that occurred April 15, 1912.

Osu! Tatakae!
is a rhythm video game made by iNiS published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS handheld game console.

Elite Beat Agents
"Elite Beat Agents" is a music video game made by iNiS published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS handheld game console.

Moero! Nekketsu Rhythmii Osu! Tatakae! 2
is a rhythm video game made by iNiS published by Nintendo for Nintendo DS handheld game console.

Wars (series)
The "Wars" series is a series video games made by Nintendo that has appeared on many Nintendo systems starting with Nintendo Entertainment System.

2008 South Ossetia war
The 2008 South Ossetia war is a military conflict that started on August 8, 2008, between Georgia, South  secessionists Russia.

Horst-Wessel-Lied
The "Horst-Wessel-Lied" , also known as "Die Fahne hoch" , was anthem Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945.

Identity (philosophy)
Identity is an umbrella term used throughout social sciences to describe an individual's comprehension him herself as a discrete, separate entity.

Philip Gidley King
Philip Gidley King  was a sailor in Royal Navy who becameor New South Wales.

First Fleet
The First Fleet is given to 11 ships which sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787 to start colony in New South Wales.

Setesdal
Setesdal is a valley in county Aust-Agder, in south Norway.

Homeopathy
Homeopathy is a alternative medicine.

Vest-Telemark
Vest-Telemark is an area, in south Norway.

Scottish Premier League 2008-09
This is a list results in football games played in Premier League "" during 2008-09 season.

Shirley Temple
Shirley Jane Temple  is an Academy Award-winning actress dancer,ll known for being an child actress 1930s, who also had a notable career as a diplomat as an adult.

Stev
Stev is a poetry.

Wario (series)
The "Wario" series is a series games that star Wario.

Nintendo Research & Development 1
Nintendo Research & Development 1, also known as Nintendo R&D1'", is a division Nintendo.

Plucking
Plucking can either mean pulling hair fur plucking an instrument to play it.

Bill Tapia
Uncle Bill “Tappy” Tapia  is an musician, born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Punch (strike)
A punch is when a person putsir hand in a fist thrusts it forward.

Music video game
A music video game, also commonly known as a music game, is a video game where point game is usually to interact with music.

Tempo
In music, tempo  is speed a song piece.

Tsunku
, real, is a famous record producer, songwriter, vocalist.

Mini-game
A mini-game is a video game found in a video game.

United States Secretary Defense
The United States Secretary Defense  is head U.S.

Yoshio Sakamoto
Yoshio Sakamoto is a video game developer for Nintendo who works in Nintendo R&D 1.

Arcade game
An arcade game is a machine that is played using coins.

Computer Entertainment Ratingization
The  is a group that rates video games computer software in.

TVE
TVE  is a spanish public television network.

Two a Half Men
Two a Half Men is an television series which was shown on CBS on September 22, 2003.

Real Oviedo
Real Oviedo is a football Club.

Frank Thomas (animator)
Franklin "Frank" Thomas  was an movie animator.

Break a leg
"Break a leg" is an expression, from Britain.

The Black Parade Is Dead!
"The Black Parade is Dead!" is a CD/DVD by My Chemicalce it was recorded live in Mexico.

BBC Two
BBC Two is a television channel in United Kingdom.

The King Of Queens
"The King Queens" is an television series.

Barbieion Show
"Barbieion Show" is a video game made by Vivendi Games.

Olm
The Olm, Proteus  is a strange obscure amphibian, native to underground waters Dinaric karst that flow through Soča river basin near Trieste in Italy, through to southern Slovenia, southwestern Croatia, Herzegovina.

Billie Piper
Billie Paul Piper  is an actress pop singer.

The Mighty
"The Mighty" is a comedy television series that is shown on BBC Three.

Encyclical
An "Encyclical"iginally was a letter sent by a bishop to all churches aicular area.

Pontifical Academy Sciences
The Pontifical Academy Sciences dates back four centuries to its creation as Accademia dei Lincei in 1603.

Al-Hajj Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin
Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin, KCIE   wasor-General, later Prime Minister asll.

Malik Ghulam Muhammad
Ghulam Muhammad   served asor-General from 1951 until 1955, was alsoce Ministerly before his death in 1956.

Igbo people
Igbo is an ethnic group in West Africa.

British India
British India wass Empire in Southeast Asia.

Major-General Sahibzada Sayyidder Ali Mirza
Major-Generalder Ali Mirza, CIE, OBE,der Mirza   was lastor-General Dominion  President Islamic Republic .

Ayub
Muhammad Ayub , GCMG, MBE, HJ, NPk,  was a field marshal during mid-1960s, President from 1958 to 1969.

Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry
Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry   was President from August 14, 1973 until his resignation on September 16, 1978.

Bad Liebenwerda
Bad Liebenwerda is a spa town in Elbe-Elster district, in southwesterndenburg,y.

General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq
General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq  (b.

Ghulam Ishaq
Ghulam Ishaq    was President from August 17, 1988 until July 18, 1993.

K-9y
"K-9y" was a 1981 television spin-offiginal series "Doctor Who".

Eve Myles
Eve Myles , is a actress.

Gareth David-Lloyd
Gareth David-Lloyd  is a actor who a lot people know for his role as Ianto Jones in science fiction television programme "Torchwood".

Motto
A motto is a word, phrase sentence meaning point a groupganisation.

Crane
A crane is a type bird.

Scarlet Macaw
The Scarlet Macaw  is a type bird.

Vulgar Latin
Vulgar Latin is two types Latin.

Snoring
Snoring is noise that peopleten make wheny are sleeping.

Life on Mars (TV series)
"Life on Mars" is a award winning science fiction police drama television series.

Ashes to Ashes (TV series)
Ashes to Ashes is a television drama series, which is a sequel to 2006 series "Life on Mars".

John Simm
John Ronald Simm  is an actor musician.

Butters Stotch
Leopold "Butters" Stotch  is a popular fictional character in animated television series "South Park".

Stan
Stan is a fictional character in animated television series "South Park".

Old Norse language
Old Norse is aic language that was spoken indinavia, during Viking Age, until about year 1300.

Because We Want To
"Because We Want To" is a pop song performed by singer Billie.

Honey to B
"Honey To The B" is album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 1998 .

Scratchy Co
It replaced "What's Up Doc?" as Saturday morning ITV show.

Day & Night (song)
"Day & Night" is a single by Billie Piper released in 2000.

Walk Life
"Walk Life" is album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 2000.

BBC Parliament
BBC Parliament is a television channel from BBC.

County Westmeath
Westmeath is a county in middled.

Roy Scheider
Roy Richard Scheider  was an Academy Award- Golden Globe-nominated actor.

Platform game
A platform game, platformer, is a genre video game.

Idle
Idle is a word which generally means: to not have motion/or energy.

Piranha
The piranha  is a ferocious, schooling, fresh-water fish.

Maximilian Kolbe
Maxamilian Kolbe  is a Catholic saint.

Hans Kleppen
Hans Kleppen  is a who was a ski jumper in 1920s.

Valea Radului River
The Valea Radului River is a tributary Valea Pârvului River inia.

Valea Lupului River (Cibin)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Trestia River (Cibin)
The Râul Trestia is a tributary Valea Lupului River inia.

Trinkbach River
The Trinkbach River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Valea Rea River (Lotru)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Balindru River
The Balindru River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Glodu River (Vasilatu)
The Glodu River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Izvorul Frumos River
The Izvorul Frumos River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Burdea River (Vedea)
The Burdea River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Bălăcel River
The Bălăcel River is a tributary Burdea River inia.

In End
"In The End" is a song by Linkin Park.

In Utero
"In Utero" was album by grunge banda.

Scentless Apprentice
"Scentless Apprentice" is a song by grunge band,a.

Japan Media Arts Festival
The Media Arts Festival is a festival held in.

Kenny McCormick
Kenny McCormick is a fictional character in animated television series "South Park".

Pedagogy
The pedagogy is art science teaching, education.

Penal colony
A penal colony is a settlement prisoners usem for working in state's  territories.

Convict
A convict is "a person found guilty a crime sentenced by a court" "a person serving a sentence in prison".

Corpora cavernosa
Corpora cavernosa are regions biological tissue that are erectile .

Hamming code
A Hamming code is a code.

Benelux
The Benelux is an economic union in Europe that includes three neighboring monarchies, Belgium,ds, Luxembourg, which lie in northstern region betweencey.

Corpus cavernosum clitoridis
Anatomy.

ZFS
ZFS is a file system that has been developed by Sun Microsystems for Solaris.

Ariel Winter
Ariel Winter is an child actress.

Slime (Dragon Quest)
In "Dragon Quest", Slime is a creature that usually looks a blue blob with two eyes a smiling mouth.

Killswitch Engage
Killswitch Engage is an heavy metal band from Massachusetts.

Harvest Moon 64
"Harvest Moon 64", known in as, is a farm simulation video game made by Victor Interactive Software published in North America by Natsume Co., Ltd.

Roadrunner Records
Roadrunner Records is an record label.

Harvest Moon (video game)
"Harvest Moon", known in as, is a farm simulation video game made by Pack-In-Video published by Natsume in North America Nintendo in PAL regions.

Wii Music
"Wii Music" is a music video game being made by Nintendo for Wii game console.

Face (movie)
"Face"  is a crime drama movie.

Incesticide
"Incesticide" is a compilation album by grunge band,a.

Rape Me
"Rape Me" is a song by grunge band,a.

Palm, Inc.
Palm, Inc.

Mickey Rooney
Mickey Rooney  is an movie actor entertainer who has worked through almost all his life.

Donkey Kong (handheld game)
is a platform video game made by Nintendo for Game Boy handheld game console.

Meteora
The Metéora  is for a number monasteries in Greece.

Syllogism
Two propositions , called "major premise" "minor premise", are followed by a conclusion.

Dorofei River
The Dorofei River Şerbăneşti River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Bunget River
The Bunget River is a tributary Dorofei River inia.

Gearanta River
Theta River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Valea Viei River (Vedea)
The Valea Viei River a tributary Vedea River inia.

Bratcov River
The Bratcov River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Valea Morii River (Luncani)
The Valea Morii River Cioclovina River is a headwateri River inia.

Grid River (Luncani)
The Grid River is a tributaryi River inia.

Şieu River (Someş)
The Şieu River is a tributary Someşul Mare River inia.

Rosua River
The Rosua River is a tributary Şieu River inia.

1 Maccabees
1 Maccabees is a book written by a author.

Olt County
Olt  is a county ia, in historical regions Oltenia Muntenia.

Prahova County
Prahova  is a county ia, in historical region Muntenia.

Valea Mare River (Teleajen)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Lizzie McGuire
"Lizzie McGuire" is an children's situation comedy television show.

Izvoarele, Prahova
Izvoarele is a commune in Prahova County,ia.

Talea, Prahova
Talea is a commune Prahova County,ia.

Comarnic
Comarnic is a town Prahova County inia.

Azuga
Azuga is a town in mountains Prahova County in areaia.

Breaza
Breaza is a town in Prahova County,ia.

Suceava
Suceava is capital city Suceava County, inia.

Valea Rea River (Prahova)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Sinaia
Sinaia is a town Prahova County inia.

Zmeu River
The Zmeu River Valea Smeului River is a headwater Someşul Mare River inia.

Runcşor River
The Runcşor River is a tributary Albioara River inia.

Geoagiu River (Hunedoara)
The Geoagiu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Valea Porcului River (Geoagiu)
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary Geoagiu River inia.

Cremene River
The Cremene River is a tributary Şuşiţa River inia.

Gura Văii River
The Gura Văii River is a tributary Cremene River inia.

Valea Soarelui River
The Valea Soarelui River is a tributary Valea Rea River inia.

Coţofana River (Prahova)
The Coţofana River is a tributary Valea Rea River inia.

Glodoasa River
The Glodoasa River is a tributarya River inia.

Orjogoaia River
The Orjogoaia River is a tributarya River inia.

Frânca River
The Frânca River is a tributary Orjogoaia River inia.

Prislop River (Doftana)
The Prislop River is a tributarya River inia.

Valea lui Petru River
The Valea lui Petru River is a tributary Prislop River inia.

Baiu Mountains
The Baiu Mountains are a group mountains in centralia.

Baiu Mare River
The Baiu Mare River is a tributary Prislop River inia.

Florei River (Doftana)
The Florei River is a tributarya River inia.

Valeaei
Valeaei is a commune in Prahova County,ia.

Valea Mierlelor River
The Valea Mierlelor River is a tributary Florei River inia.

Vornicu River
The Vornicu River is a tributary Florei River inia.

Harghita County
Harghita  is a county  in centralia, in easternia.

Sabo River
The Sabo River is a tributary Fântâna lui Gal River inia.

Frumoasa, Harghita
Frumoasa is a commune in Harghita County,ia.

Noşcolat Patac River
The Noşcolat Patac River is a tributary Fântâna lui Gal River inia.

Coţofana River (Florei)
The Coţofana River is a tributary Florei River inia.

Remetea, Bihor
Remetea is a commune in Bihor County, insternia.

Pietroasa, Bihor
Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County, in northwesternia.

Bohodei River
The Bohodei River is a tributary Aleu River inia.

Valea Boii River
The Valea Boii River is a tributary Aleu River inia.

Valea cu Cale River (Aleu)
The Valea cu Cale River is a tributary Aleu River inia.

Valea Mare River (Bahlui)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Zavarca River
The Zavarca River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Ciric River
The Ciric River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Teaşcu River
The Teaşcu River is a tributary Dresleuca River inia.

Ipoteşti River
The Ipoteşti River is a tributary Dresleuca River inia.

Băiceni River
The Băiceni River is a tributary Dresleuca River inia.

Ionaşcu River
The Ionaşcu River is a tributary Dresleuca River inia.

Recea River (Miletin)
The Recea River Odaia River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Păiuşeni River
The Păiuşeni River is a tributary Recea River inia.

Valea Rea River (Miletin)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Horoghiuca River
The Horoghiuca River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Cehal River
The Cehal River is a tributary Santău River inia.

Santău River
The Santău River is a tributary Ier River inia.

Cean River
The River is a tributary Santău River inia.

Reprise Records
Reprise Records is an record label, founded in 1960 byk Sinatra, which is owned by Warner Music Group, operated through Warner Bros.

Prisaca River (Miletin)
The Prisaca River is a tributary Horoghiuca River inia.

Unguroaia River
The Unguroaia River is a tributary Prisaca River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Miletin)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Horoghiuca River inia.

Bahna River (Jijia)
The Bahna River is a tributary Buhai River inia.

Rob Cavallo
Rob Cavallo is a record producer who has made several albums.

Pârâul Întors
The Pârâul Întors is a tributary Buhai River inia.

Ghilea River
The Ghilea River is a tributary Pârâul Întors inia.

Dintievici River
The Dintievici River is a tributary Pârâul Întors inia.

Canapiştea River
The Canapiştea River is a tributary Pârâul Întors inia.

Selling
"Selling" means to gaining's integrity, morality principles in exchange for money, 'success' other personal gain.

Lacu Negru River
The Lacu Negru River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

Fântânele River (Jijioara)
The Fântânele River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

Longview (song)
"Longview" is major-label single released by punk band Green Day, fromir 1994 album, "Dookie".

Pârâul Mare (Albuia)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Albuia River inia.

Basket Case (song)
"Basket Case" is a song by band, Green Day from its album "Dookie".

When I Come Around
"When I Come Around" is a 1994 single from Green Day's album, "Dookie".

Cracul Comarnic River
The Cracul Comarnic River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Alunul River (Nechitu)
The Alunul River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Mastacăn River
The Mastacăn River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Hercules (constellation)
Hercules is a constellation in northern sky.

Aquila (constellation)
Aquila represents an eagle, is found in northern sky.

Libra (constellation)
Libra  is a constellation zodiac.

Scorpius (constellation)
Scorpius istimes called Scorpio, that's wrong.

Sagittarius (constellation)
Sagittarius is constellation area night sky, representing a centaur archer.

Ursa Major
Ursa Major is Great Bear.

Ursa Minor
Ursa Minor is a constellationten called Little Bear.

Polaris (star)
Polaris, also known as North Star, iswhat bright star that is actually a double star, but you need a telescope to resolve pair, with a apparent magnitude is about 2.

Racova River (Bistriţa)
The Racova River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Diaca River (Bistriţa)
The Diaca River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Hypercube
A hypercube is a four-dimensional analogue a cube.

Secu River (Secu)
The Secu River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Şipote River
The Şipote River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Somoş River (Olt)
The Somoş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Zălan River
The Zălan River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Horincea River
The Horincea River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Oarba River
The Oarba River is a tributary Horincea River inia.

Zoiteana River
Thea River is a tributary Horincea River inia.

Poiana River (Prut)
Thea River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Rănghileşti River
The Rănghileşti River is a tributary Corogea River inia.

Iazul lui Iancu River
The Iazul lui Iancu River is a tributary Rănghileşti River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Lotru)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea Caprei River (Lotru)
The Valea Caprei River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea Satului River (Brezoi)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Ferigele River
The Ferigele River is a tributary Valea Satului River inia.

Valea Satului River (Mălaia)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea Pietrei River (Lotru)
The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea cu Fagi River
The Valea cu Fagi River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Hot Rock Tracks
Hot Rock Tracks  is a music chart in United States.

Avrigel River
The Avrigel River is a headwater Avrig River inia.

Valea Mare River (Titianu)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Valea Rea River (Strei)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Non-fiction
Non-fiction is writing about facts.

Charlotte's Web (1973 movie)
"Charlotte's Web" is a 1973 animated movie, based on 1952 children's book same by E.

Sphinx
A sphinx is a mythological figure, which looks a lion with a human head.

Ulysses
Ulysses is Latin for Odysseus, a character in ancient Greek literature.

Ted Hughes
Ted Hughes was an poet.

Biffy Clyro
Biffy Clyro,ten called Biffy by fans, are a rock band.

Black Stone Cherry
Black Stone Cherry are a rock band from Kentucky, USA.

Jerry Wexler
Gerald "Jerry" Wexler  was a music journalist who became a music producer, was thought as an important in his field from 1950s through 1980s.

Mick Foley
Michaelcis "Mick" Foley, Sr  is an author, actor professional wrestler.

Cyclic redundancy check
A Cyclic redundancy check  is a way to calculate a checksum, based on a polynomial.

Şumuleu River (Olt)
The Şumuleu River is a tributary Fitod River inia.

Râul Fâneţelor
The Râul Fâneţelor is a tributary Fitod River inia.

Misentea River
The Misentea River is a tributary Râul Fâneţelor inia.

Valea Izvorului River (Lotru)
The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea Seacă River (Rotbav)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Cetăţii River (Rotbav)
The Valea Cetăţii River is a tributary Valea Seacă River inia.

Pârâul Mic (Malnaş)
The Pârâul Mic River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Valea Lupului River (Strei)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Muncelu River (Strei)
The Muncelu River is a tributary Crivaia River inia.

Pietrosu River (Muncelu)
The Pietrosu River is a tributary Muncelu River inia.

Smida River (Muncelu)
The Smida River is a tributary Muncelu River inia.

Valea Mică River (Strei)
The Valea Mică River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Râul Socilor
The Râul Socilor is a tributary Valea Mică River inia.

Paltinu River (Prahova)
The Paltinu River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Buşteni
Buşteni is a town in northern Prahova County.

Bucovel River
The Bucovel River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Bucov
Bucov is a commune in Prahova County,ia.

Valea Monteorului River
The Valea Monteorului River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Valea Seacă River (Prahova)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Glodul River
The Glodul River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Lupul River (Bicaz)
The Lupul River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Piciorul River
The Piciorul River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Ontal River
The Ontal River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Veleşchia River (Siret)
The Veleşchia River Pârâul Roşu Vereşcheu River is a headwater Bicaz River inia.

Boholţ River
The Boholţ River is a tributary Cincu River inia.

Boholt River
The Boholt River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Mara River (Iza)
The Mara River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Idişor River
The Idişor River is a tributary Baicu River inia.

Padded cell
A Padded cell is a special room in a hospital for mentally ill people.

Căliman River
The Căliman River is a tributary Baicu River inia.

Valea Poienilor River (Ieud)
The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary Ieud River inia.

Valea Morii River (Iza)
The Valea Morii River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Slatina River (Iza)
The Slatina River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Valea Caselor River (Iza)
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Valea Muntelui River (Iza)
The Valea Muntelui River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Valea Mare River (Mara)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Mara River inia.

Rüttenen
Rüttenen is a municipality district in canton Solothurn ind.

The Feeling
The Feeling are a five person band that come from Sussex,d.

Mogheruş River
The Mogheruş River Măgheruş River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Drăculea River (Berivoi)
The Drăculea River is a tributary Berivoi River inia.

Mangwal
Mangwal is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil is located at 33°6'30N 72°49'32E.

Mangwal,
Mangwal is a village in Kunar Province,.

Geography
Afghanistan is located in center middle Asia.

Menoitios
MENOITIOS  was god  violent anger, rash action, human mortality.

Miani, Chakwal
Miani is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it is Chakwal Tehsil.

Miani, Sindh
Mianiee was a village in Sindh,, six miles north Hyderabad.

Hyderabad, Sindh
Hyderabad  is located in Sindh province.

Miani, Punjab
Miani is a town Bhalwal Tehsil, Sargodha District in Punjab province.

Vltava
The Vltava flows through Czech Republic its capital city, Prague.

Sargodha
Sargodha is capital city Sargodha District in Punjab province.

Miani (tribe)
Thei, are atoon tribe,y mainly live in Gomal plains which is Tank District in North-West Frontier Province.

Neamţ River
The Neamţ Rivera River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Hipparcos Catalogue
The Hipparcos Catalogue is a list starsd after Greek astronomer, Hipparchus.

Valea Rea River (Neamţ)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Neamţ River inia.

Pashtun people
Thetuns are an ethnic group.

Cod wars
The Cod Wars, also calledd Cod Wars re a series confrontations in 1950s 1970s between United Kingdomd regarding fishing rights in Northtic.

Frumuşiţa River (Chineja)
The Frumuşiţa River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Orion
Orion is constellations in sky.

Roşcani River (Chineja)
The Roşcani River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Băneasa River
The Băneasa River is a tributary Chineja River inia.

Betelgeuse
Betelgeuse, Betelgeux is ae red supergiant star in constellation Orion.

Sodom River
The Sodom River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Valea Fântânilor River
The Valea Fântânilor River is a tributary Sodom River inia.

Timercea River
The Timercea River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Phoenix (mythology)
The phoenix is a legendary bird that lives for several hundred years before it burns itself up.

Postoiciu River
The Postoiciu River Pustaciu River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Valea Porcului River (Cigher)
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Phoenix (constellation)
Phoenix  is a not-so-bright constellation in southern sky.

Hurez River (Ciolt)
The Hurez River is a tributary Ciolt River inia.

Octans
Octans is southernmost constellation.

Chişindia River
The Chişindia River Păiuşeni River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Izvor River (Jitin)
The Izvor River is a tributary Jitin River inia.

Şuşiţa River (Rovinari)
The Şuşiţa River is a tributary Jiu River inia.

Grivele River (Şuşiţa)
The Grivele River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Sirius
Sirius is a binary star system in Canis Major, Orion's dog.

Iradia River
The Iradia River is a tributary Grivele River inia.

Culture
The society  has many different cultures.

Fleţ River
The Fleţ River is a tributary Luţ River inia.

Canopus
Canopus, Alpha Carinae in Bayer designation system is brightest star in its constellation  brightest star in southern night sky.

Bârzava River (Timiş)
The Bârzava  is a tributary Tamiš River inia Serbia.

Larga River (Suciu)
The Larga River is a tributary Suciu River inia.

Bayer designation
It usually starts with letter alpha  star in constellation,n going down Greek alphabet to assign letters for other stars  Ocasionally, this rule is not followed.

Bradu River (Suciu)
The Bradu River is a tributary Suciu River inia.

Valea Mare River (Suciu)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Bradu River inia.

Flamsteed Designation
Flamsteed designations assign stars with specifics using numbers.

Baia River (Fleţ)
The Baia River is a tributary Fleţ River inia.

Demographics
The Demographics are a study population people.

Băiţa River (Fleţ)
The Băiţa River is a tributary Baia River inia.

Culture
The Culture includes art, language, cinema music country.

Apollo 17
Apollo 17 is last manned spacecraft on Moon.

Cultural geography
Cultural Geography is study cultures, customs, foods, clothing, music, architecture, traditions, religions languages world - how whyse cultures are spread across world.

Arab World
The Arab World  are Arabic-speaking countries stretching fromtic inst to Sea in east, from Sea in north to Horn Africa in southeast.

Horn Africa
The Horn Africa  is a peninsula in East Africa that juts for hundreds kilometres into Sea, lies along southern side Gulf Aden.

East Africa
East Africa is easternmost region continent.

Gulf Aden
The Gulf Aden  is located in Sea between Yemen on south coast Peninsula Somalia in Horn Africa.

Battlei
The Battlei  was a battle between forces under Sir Charles Napier Talpur rulers Sindh .

Charles James Napier
General Sir Charles James Napier GCB  was a generalder-in-Chief in India, famous for conquering Sindh province in present-day.

BBC iPlayer
BBC iPlayer is a service developed by BBC which lets you catch up on lastek's television radio.

Bbc.co.uk
The URL bbc.co.uk isbsite address for BBC's UK online services.

Commander-in-Chief, India
Theder-in-Chief in India  was chief military commander administration in India.

History colonialism
The history colonialism goes back thousands years, colonialism is taking over country by another.

Pakistan Movement
The Movement  was was a political movement which was active during hald century.

Sexual arousal
Sexual arousal is feeling animals humans get wheny are ready to have sexual intercourse.

Brahan Castle
Brahan Castle was a castle that near Dingwall, in Easter Ross,d.

Clan Mackenzie
Clan Mackenzie is ad clan, historically associated with lands in Kintail Ross-shire.

Muslim League
The All India Muslim League was a politicaly India.

Awami Muslim League
The Awami Muslim League  is politicaly in headed by Sheikhid Ahmad.

Gulmarg
Gulmarg  is a town, a hill station a notified area committee in Baramulla district in state-Heldmir.

Patnitop
Patnitop Patni Top, is a hill top tourist location in Udhampur District on National Highway 1A, on way from Udhampur to Srinagar .

Sardar Farooq Ahmad Leghari
Farooq Leghari  (b.

Wasim Sajjad
Wasim Sajjad  was President two times.

Muhammad Rafiq Tarar
Muhammad Rafiq Tarar  (b.

Nawabzada Liaquat Ali
Nawabzada Liaquat Ali    was ai politician.

Muhammad Ali Bogra
Muhammad Ali Bogra   was ai statesman Bengaliigin.

Beveridge, Victoria
Beveridge is a town in Victoria, Australia.

Chaudhry Muhammad Ali
Chaudhry Muhammad Ali   was ai statesman.

Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy  was a politician from Bengal in undivided India, later in East.

Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar , commonly known as I.

Malik Sir Feroz Noon
Malik Sir Feroz Noon  was a politician from.

Nurul Amin
Nurul Amin  was a Prime Minister Vice President.

Muhammad Junejo
Muhammad Junejo   was Prime Minister.

Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi
Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi   was Prime Minister for 3 months, from August 6, 1990 to November 6, 1990.

Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif
Nawaz Sharif  (born December 25, 1949 in Lahore, Punjab is ai politician.

Zafarullah Jamali
Mir Zafarullah Jamali   is a Prime Minister.

Shaukat Aziz
Shaukat Aziz ,  was Prime Minister from 2004 to 2007.

Yousaf Razai
Syed Makhdoom Yousaf Razai   is twenty-sixth current Prime Minister.

OpenOffice.org Writer
OpenOffice.org Writer is word processor OpenOffice.org software package.

Run Run Shaw
Sir Run Run Shaw CBE, GBM  is an important in Hong Kong cinema.

Stone Sour
Stone Sour is a metal band from Iowa, United States.

Gears War
"Gears War",times called "Gears", is a-person shooter videogame developed by Epic Games published by Microsoft.

A.K. Fazlul Huq
Abulem Fazlul Huq "Abulem Fozlul Hôk") ,ten called Sher-e-Bangla  was all-known Bengali statesman in half century.

Lahore Resolution
The Lahore Resolution , commonly known as Resolution , was a political statement adopted by Muslim League at its three-day general session on 22-24 March 1940 that Muslim autonomy in India.

Amritsar Tahsil
Amritsar Tahsil was a administrative subdivision Punjab province India.

Punjab (British India)
Meaning.

Saugor Nerbudda Territories
The Saugor Nerbudda Territories was a region India.

Lilian Jackson Braun
Lilian Jackson Braun  is an writer.

Faridpur District
Faridpur is a district in central.

Barisal Division
Barisal  is a division south-central.

Chittagong Division
Chittagong Division '  is six administrative divisions.

Khulna Division
Khulna Division is six divisions is located in south-west country.

Rajshahi Division
Rajshahi Division is six administrative divisions.

Sylhet Division
Sylhet Division is division,d after its main city, Sylhet.

Barguna District
Barguna is a district in South-western.

Barisal District
Barisal is a district in southern.

Bhola District
Bhola is a district in south-western.

Jhalokati District
Jhalokati is a district in South-western.

Patuakhali District
Patuakhali is a district in South-western.

Pirojpur District
Pirojpur is a district in South-western.

Divisions
Bangladesh consists a number administrative areas called divisions , eachd after its respective capital.

Districts
There are 64 Districts known as zilas .

Backergunje
Backergunje,j was a district India in Dacca division Bengal Assam, is nowly in.

Bandarban District
Bandarban  is a district in South, a Chittagong Division Chittagong Hill Tracts.

Bod, Braşov
Bod is a commune in Braşov County,ia.

Calafat
Calafat is a city in Dolj County,ia.

Dacia
Dacia was place wheres lived.

Gepids
The Gepidsre an Eastic Gothic tribe who became famous after defeating Huns.

Bahna River (Mihăileni)
The Bahna River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Bahna River (Lozna)
The Bahna River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Valea Rea River (Milcov)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Milcov)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Pârâul Tulbure (Milcov)
The Pârâul Tulbure is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Argintul River
The Argintul River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Dilcov River
The Dilcov River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Dălhăuţi River
The Dălhăuţi River is a tributary Dilcov River inia.

Bonţeşti River
The Bonţeşti River is a tributary Dilcov River inia.

Mera River (Milcov)
The Mera River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Arva River
The Arva River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Cerna River (Danube)
The Cerna River is a tributary Danube River inia.

Cracăul Alb River
The Cracăul Alb River is a headwater Cracău River inia.

Cracău River
The Cracău River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Commander-in-Chief
A commander-in-chief is commander a nation's military forces.

Tisaş River
The Tisaş River is a tributary Asod River inia.

Corbu, Harghita
Corbu is a commune in Harghita County,ia.

Vaman River
The River is a tributary Bistricioara River inia.

British Indiad
British Indiad was given to general staffder-in-Chief  India.

Pintii River
The Pintii River is a tributary Bistricioara River inia.

Dieciu River
The Dieciu River is a tributary Coşna River inia.

Turculeţu River
The Turculeţu River is a tributary Argel River inia.

Boul River (Moldova)
The Boul River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Boul Mare River
The Boul Mare River is a headwater Boul River inia.

Boul Mic River
The Boul Mic River is a headwater Boul River inia.

Senator River
The Senator River is a tributary Boul River inia.

Governor-General India
Theor-General India was head administration in India.

Ianu River
The Ianu River is a tributary Boul River inia.

Turbata River (Tudora)
The Turbata River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Turbata River (Filipeşti)
The Turbata River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Warren Hastings
Warren Hastings  wasor-General India, from 1773 to 1785.

Mihailei River
The Mihailei River Mihaili River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Argeş River
Argeş is a river in southernia.

Capra River (Argeş)
The Capra River is a headwater Argeş River inia.

Robert Clive
Robert Clive, Baron Clive Plassey, KB , also known as Clive India, was a soldier who established control in India Bengal.

Buda River (Argeş)
The Buda River is a headwater Argeş River inia.

Râul Doamnei
Râul Doamnei is a tributary Argeş River inia.

Râul Mic (Cugir)
The Râul Mic is a headwater Cugir River inia.

Râul Mare (Cugir)
The Râul Mare Canciu River is a headwater Cugir River inia.

Syed Hussain Bilgrami
Syed Hussain Bilgrami was an Muslim politician early leader All India Muslim League.

Chaudhry
Chaudhry was an Muslim politician leader All India Muslim League in United Provinces .

Vişeu River
The Vişeu River is a tributary Tisza River inia.

Tutova River
The Tutova River is a tributary Bârlad River inia.

Crasna River (Tisza)
The Crasna is a tributary Tisza River inia Hungary.

Dofteana River
Thea River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Latoriţa River
The Latoriţa River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Saciova River
The Saciova River is a tributary Covasna River inia.

Covasna River (Râul Negru)
The Covasna River is a tributary Râul Negru inia.

Pârâul Frumos (Telciu)
The Pârâul Frumos is a tributary Telciu River inia.

Pârâul Noroios (Telciu)
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary Telciu River inia.

Şaroş River (Telciu)
The Şaroş River is a tributary Pârâul Noroios inia.

Valea Mare River (Covasna)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Covasna River inia.

Mocioaia River
The Mocioaia River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Feneş River (Covasna)
The Feneş River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Valea Mare, Covasna
Valea Mare  is a commune in Covasna County,ia.

Pârâul Mic (Covasna)
The Pârâul Mic is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Măcicaş River (Covasna)
The Măcicaş River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Zagonul Mic River
The Zagonul Mic River is a headwater Zagon River inia.

Zagonul Mare River
The Zagonul Mare River is a headwater Zagon River inia.

Cerna River (Olt)
The Cerna River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Valea Mare River (Cerna)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Vaşar River
The Vaşar River is a tributary Talomir River inia.

Avaş River
The Avaş River is a tributary Vaşar River inia.

Valea Caselor River (Homorod)
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary Homorod River inia.

Crizbav River
The Crizbav River is a tributary Hotaru inia.

Nomi Sunrider
Nomi Sunrider is a fictional character in "Star Wars" universe.

Tobias
Tobias is a Greek version Hebrew biblical "Tobijah", meaning "Jehovah [God] is".

Frisbee
A Frisbee is a flying disc.

Iron Maiden (album)
Iron Maiden is a album made by heavy metal band Iron Maiden.

Bangladesh Awami League
The Awami League  is mainstream secular politicaly in.

Jamaat-e-Islami
= Period  =.

Jatiyo Gano Front
The Jatiyo Gano Front  is a left-wing political group in.

Azad Party
The Azad Party is a left-wingiy founded by Iftikharuddin an ex-member Congress whont on to join Muslim League that created.

Insaf Party
The Insaf Party , was a Muslim politicaly.

Apna Dal
The Apna Dal is a politicaly in India.

Ambedkar National Congress
The Ambedkar National Congress is a politicaly based in India.

Harold Arthure
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthure  was an administrator in India.

Pakistani
Pakistani, is type Language as it is spoken in.

Joanne Woodward
Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward  is an actress.

ESPN Integration
ESPN Integration is an agreement between ESPN Electronic Arts to put various ESPN features inir games.

The Number Of The Beast
The Number Of The Beast is album by heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 22 March 1982.

Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol. I
Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol.

The Pink Panther
"The Pink Panther" is a comedy film released in 2006.

Mister Rogers' Neighborhood
"Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", just "Mister Rogers", is an children's television series that was created hosted by Fred Rogers.

Dorothy Koch
Dorothy Walker Koch,ten called "Doro," , is daughter President United States George H.

Albert Rosellini
Albert Rosellini  is a lawyer from U.S.

Recea River (Vâlcea)
The Recea River Plopi River Pârâul Plopilor is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Walter Mondale
Walter Frederick "Fritz" Mondale  is an politician who was forty-second Vice President United States  under President Jimmy Carter, a two-term United States Senator from Minnesota, Democratic Party nominee for president in 1984, which he lost.

Nireş River (Aita)
The Nireş River is a headwater Tecşe River inia.

Tecşe River
The Tecşe River is a tributary Aita River inia.

Izvorul Alb River (Asău)
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Asău River (Trotuş)
The Asău River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Cracul Mic River (Agăstin)
The Cracul Mic River is a headwater Agăstin River inia.

Cracul Mare River (Agăstin)
The Cracul Mare River is a headwater Agăstin River inia.

Cracul Mare River (Izvorul Alb)
The Cracul Mare River is a headwater Izvorul Alb inia.

Cracul Mic River (Izvorul Alb)
The Cracul Mic River is a headwater Izvorul Alb River inia.

Merişor River (Izvorul Alb)
The Merişor River is a tributary Cracul Mic River inia.

Pârâul Ascuns
The Pârâul Ascuns is a tributary Merişor River inia.

Izbicioara River
The Izbicioara River is a tributary Abrud River inia.

Cerniţa River
The Cerniţa River is a tributary Abrud River inia.

Ciuruleasa River
The Ciuruleasa River is a tributary Cerniţa River inia.

Valea Băieşilor River
The Valea Băieşilor River Pârâul Băieşilor is a tributary Acmariu River inia.

Ciumărna River
The Ciumărna River is a tributary Treznea River inia.

Ciumârna River
The Ciumârna River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Cungrea Mică River
The Cungrea Mică River Cungrişoara River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Nemţişor River
The Nemţişor River is a tributary Neamţ River inia.

Pârâul Florilor (Tumurel)
The Pârâul Florilor is a tributary Tumurel River inia.

Stâna River (Camenca)
The Stâna River is a tributary Camenca River inia.

Miep Gies
Miep Gies, née Hermine Santrouschitz , is Dutch citizens who hid Annek her family from Nazis during World War II.

Meiu River
The Meiu River is a tributary Stâna River inia.

Paloşul River (Camenca)
The Paloşul River is a tributary Camenca River inia.

Draniţa River (Camenca)
Theiţa River is a tributary Camenca River inia.

List places in Avon
__NOTOC__ A.

List places inire
"See also List places within Luton." __NOTOC__ A.

List places inire
__NOTOC__ A.

Windsor
__NOTOC__ .

List places inire
__NOTOC__ A.

Făgeţel River (Camenca)
The Făgeţel River is a tributary Camenca River inia.

Ilva River (Someş)
The Ilva River is a tributary Someşul Mare River inia.

Silhoasa River
The Silhoasa River Sihoasa River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Bolovanul River (Ilva)
Theul River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Ursoaia River (Ilva)
The Ursoaia River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Cucureasa River (Ilva)
The Cucureasa River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Strâmba River (Ilva)
The Strâmba River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Râul Lupului (Ilva)
The Râul Lupului is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Leşu River (Ilva)
The Leşu River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Ierboasa River
The Ierboasa River Erboasa River is a tributary Leşu River inia.

Ivăneasa River (Ilva)
The Ivăneasa River is a tributary Ilva River inia.

Borzontul Mic River
The Borzontul Mic River is a headwater Borzont River inia.

Pietrosu River (Mureş)
The Pietrosu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Fagu Roşu River (Senetea)
The Fagu Roşu River is a tributary Senetea River inia.

Sineu River
The Sineu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Martonca River
The Martonca River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Gurghiu River
Gurghiu is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Cucuruzu River
The Cucuruzu River is a tributary Nedeiu River inia.

Sibiu County
Sibiu  is a county ia, in old areaia.

Isticeu River
The Isticeu River is a tributary Gurghiu River inia.

Tireu River
The Tireu River is a tributary Gurghiu River inia.

Valea Glăjăriei River (Gurghiu)
The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary Gurghiu River inia.

Sebeş River (Gurghiu)
The Sebeş River is a tributary Gurghiu River inia.

Caşva River
The Caşva River is a tributary Gurghiu River inia.

Târnăviţa River (Boz)
The Târnăviţa River is a tributary Boz River inia.

Furcşoara River
The Furcşoara River is a tributary Boz River inia.

Bărăşti River
The Bărăşti River is a tributary Boz River inia.

Ghişag River
The Ghişag River is a tributary Cugir River inia.

Jiu River (Râul Mic)
The Jiu River is a tributary Râul Mic inia.

Pârâul Rovinei
The Pârâul Rovinei is a headwater Strei River inia.

Pârâul Cald (Strei)
The Pârâul Cald is a headwater Strei River inia.

Cozma River
The Cozma River is a tributary Bărbat River inia.

Mauru River
The Mauru River is a tributary Bărbat River inia.

Sohodol River (Bărbat)
The Sohodol River is a tributary Bărbat River inia.

Valea Strâmbă River (Olt)
The Valea Strâmbă River Strâmba River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Joagăru River
The Joagăru River is a tributary Valea Strâmbă River inia.

Delniţa River (Olt)
The Delniţa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gârla Mare
The Gârla Mare is a tributary Beica River inia.

Bălşoara River
The Bălşoara River is a tributary Beica River inia.

Mamu River
The Mamu River is a tributary Oporelu Canal inia.

Cernişoru River
The Cernişoru River is a tributary Mamu River inia.

Dâlga River
The Dâlga River is a tributary Oporelu Canal inia.

Băzăvan River (Dâlga)
The Băzăvan River is a tributary Dâlga River inia.

Dobruşa River
The Băzăvan River is a tributary Dâlga River inia.

Grădinile River
The Grădinile River is a tributary Suhatul River inia.

Dioşti River
The Dioşti River is a tributary River inia.

Frăsinet River (Teslui)
The Frăsinet River is a tributary Teslui River inia.

Râul Lungenilor
The Râul Lungenilor is a tributary Frăsinet River inia.

Guşoeni River
The Guşoeni River is a tributarya River inia.

Cacova River (Govora)
The Cacova River is a tributary Govora River inia.

Hârţa River
The Hârţa River Hinţa River is a tributary Govora River inia.

Pălăoaia River
The Pălăoaia River is a tributary Muereasca River inia.

Pârâul Câinelui (Muereasca)
The Pârâul Câinelui is a tributary Muereasca River inia.

Fântâna Tulbure River
The Fântâna Tulbure River is a tributary Muereasca River inia.

Pârâul Văcarilor
The Pârâul Văcarilor is a tributary Betel River inia.

Saşa Mândrei River
The Saşa Mândrei River Sibiel River is a tributary Uria River inia.

Gumby
Gumby is a dark green clay figure who starred in 233 episodes an television series called "The Adventures Gumby".

Valea Danului River (Uria)
The Valea Danului River is a tributary Uria River inia.

Murgaşu River
The Murgaşu River Murgaciu River is a tributary Uria River inia.

Eghersec River
The Eghersec River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Leica River (Siret)
The Leica River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Valea Boului River (Siret)
The Valea Boului River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Cleja River (Siret)
The Cleja River Climăuţ River Moise River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Drăgan River (Criş)
The Drăgan River is a tributary Crişul Repede River inia.

Valea Ursului River (Rebra)
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary Rebra River inia.

Hubble Ultra Deep Field
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field, HUDF, is an image a space in constellation Fornax.

Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovskii
Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky   was a man who pioneered spaceflight a century before it was actually done.

Brisbane Broncos
Thee Broncos are a rugby league team that is based ine.

Chishimads dispute
Theimads dispute is a territorial issue between Russia aboutimads.

Okinotorishima
Okinotorishima  is an atoll, an island in south end.

Yahatai-ku, Kitakyūshū
Yahatai-ku is ward in Kitakyūshū.

Wards
In, a ward  is divisions ae cities.

Dreamgirls
"Dreamgirls" is a Broadway musical, whichiginally ran in New York City for over a thousand performances between December 20, 1981 August 11, 1985.

City designated by governmentdinance
A, also known as a, is a type city in.

Robbery
A robbery is act stealing from a personganisation using violence by causing fear.

Pepsi Music 2004
"Pepsi Music 2004" is am EP by singers Beyoncé Knowles, P!nk, Britney Spears, Enrique Iglesias,ge & JC Chasez.

Religion in Vilnius
Religion.

United States Atomic Energy Commission
The United States Atomic Energy Commission was an agency United States government, started after World War II by United States Congress.

History Vilnius
Vilnius is capitalia.

Peţa River
The Peţa River is a tributary Crişul Repede River inia.

Valea Iadului River (Dopca)
The Valea Iadului River is a headwater Valea Mare River inia.

Valea Runcului River (Dopca)
The Valea Runcu River is a headwater Valea Mare River inia.

Boşorogu River
The Boşorogu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Maja River
The Maja River Corund River is a tributary Crasna River inia.

Pârâul Şerpuit
The Pârâul Şerpuit is a tributary Maja River inia.

Cerna River (Crasna)
The Cerna River is a tributary Maja River inia.

Ciuta River
The Ciuta River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Zanicel River
The Zanicel River Bobota River is a tributary Crasna River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Crasna)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Crasna River.

Berea River
The Berea River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Carl Reiner
Carl Reiner  is an actor, movie director, producer, writer comedian.

Brăneasa River (Valea Ursului)
The Brăneasa River is a tributary Valea Ursului River inia.

Fântâna Cerbului River
The Fântâna Cerbului River is a tributary Brăneasa River inia.

Dudurugu River
The Dudurugu River is a tributary Brăneasa River inia.

Sterpu River (Lotrioara)
The Sterpu River is a headwater Lotrioara River inia.

Pârâul Afinelor
The Pârâul Afinelor is a tributary Sterpu River inia.

Voineagu River
The Voineagu River is a tributary Sterpu River inia.

Voinegel River (Lotrioara)
The Voinegel River is a tributary Sterpu River inia.

Your Show Shows
"Your Show Shows" was a 90-minute long comedy television series appearingekly in United States on NBC, from 1950 until June 5, 1954.

Frasinu River (Lotrioara)
The Frasinu River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Tisa River (Lotrioara)
The Tisa River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Prejba River (Lotrioara)
The Prejba River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Lăcaşul lui Baboş River
The is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Lotrioara)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Podragu River (Lotrioara)
The Podragu River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Izvorul Tomnatecului River
The Izvorul Tomnatecului River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Şoarecu River
The Şoarecu River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Valea Cerbului River (Lotrioara)
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Mogoşu River (Lotrioara)
The Mogoşu River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Stroieşti River (Mogoşu)
The Stroieşti River is a tributary Mogoşu River inia.

Donnie Darko
"Donnie Darko" is a dramatic movie released in 2001.

Richard Widmark
Richard Widmark  was all known actor movies, stage, radio television.

Mătrăguna River
The Mătrăguna River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Pituluşul River
The Pituluşul River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Pârâul Mielului
The Pârâul Mielului Izvorul Mielului River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Cotoreşti River
The Cotoreşti River is a tributary Surdu River inia.

Dăneasa River (Cibin)
The Dăneasa River is a tributary Surdu River inia.

Iezerul Mic River
The Iezerul Mic is a headwater Râul Mare inia.

Iezerul Mare River (Cibin)
The Iezerul Mare is a headwater Râul Mare inia.

Zăvoaie River (Cibin)
The Zăvoaie River is a tributary Sibiel River inia.

Şugău River (Iza)
The Şugău River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Valea Blondă River
The Valea Blondă River is a tributary Şugău River inia.

Ţurcatele River
The Ţurcatele River is a tributary Şugău River inia.

Teuz River
The Teuz River is a tributary Crişul Negru River inia.

Iacoberi River
The Iacoberi River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Valea Nouă River (Teuz)
The Valea Nouă River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Gropoi River
The Gropoi River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Groşeni River
The Groşeni River Groşi River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Ursoiu River (Groşeni)
The Ursoiu River is a tributary Groşeni River inia.

Lotrişoara Mare River
The Lotrişoara Mare River Valea Cailor River Lotriorul River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Danca River
The Danca River is a headwater Lotrişoara Mare River inia.

Măcica River
The Măcica River is a tributary Danca River inia.

Pologaşu River
The Pologaşu River Măgura River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Sfârcaşu River
The Sfârcaşu River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Gârcu River
The Gârcu River is a tributary Lotrioara River inia.

Pârâul lui Albu
The Pârâul lui Albu River is a headwater Lotrişoara Mare River inia.

Poiana River (Lotrioara)
Thea River is a tributary Lotrişoara Mare River inia.

Pârâul Vacii (Lotrişoara)
The Pârâul Vacii is a tributary Lotrişoara Mare River inia.

Oancea River (Lotrioara)
The Oancea River is a tributary Lotrişoara Mare River inia.

Valea Căldării River (Sfârcaşu)
The Valea Căldării River is a tributary Sfârcaşu River inia.

Râul Jnepenişului
The Râul Jnepenişului is a tributary Sfârcaşu River inia.

Stâna River (Lotrioara)
The Stâna River is a tributary Sfârcaşu River inia.

Gârcu Mic River
The Gârcu Mic River is a headwater Gârcu River inia.

Virgintic Airways
Virgintic is an airline that is based in United Kingdom.

Paramedic
A paramedic is a person who worksside a hospital goes to help at an emergency.

Artemis Fowl (novel)
Artemis Fowl is a book written by Eoin Colfer.

Gârcu Mare River
The Gârcu Mare River is a headwater Gârcu River inia.

Gârculeţul River
The Gârculeţul River is a tributary Gârcu River inia.

Fişer River
The Fişer River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Gherghelău River
The Gherghelău River is a tributary Fişer River inia.

Anaconda
The anaconda is snake in world.

Luise Rainer
Luise Rainer  is a two-time Academy Award-winning movie actress.

Ice Road Truckers
"Ice Road Truckers" is an documentary-style reality television series that appeared on television on The Historynel on June 17, 2007 .

American Music Awards
The Music Awards show is a major music awards shows .

Iggy Pop
James Newell Osterberg, Jr.

Sniper
A sniper is a soldier in an army who has special training with sniper rifles.

Joe D'Amato
Joe D'Amato  was an italian film  director.

Sniper rifle
A sniper rifle is a type gun shoot targets a long distance away.

Harry Power
Harry Power, , was a famous bushranger.

Behrain
Behrain is a popular hill station located in Swat District, Sarhad,.

Galyat
The Galyat region is an area roughly 50-80km north-east Islamabad,, on both sides NWFP-Punjab border.

Kalam Valley
The Kalam valley is a valley in upper reaches Swat River in Swat, in North-West Frontier Province .

Malam Jabba
Malam Jabba  is a Hill Station in Karakoram mountain range nearly 40km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley, Sarhad,.

Patriata
Patriata also known as New Murree is a hill station in northern Punjab,.

Charra Pani
Charra Pani is a hill station in Galyat region northern.

Invest (meteorology)
An invest in meteorology   is a labelled area badather that is being looked at for a possible tropical cyclone being made.

Nubra Valley
Nubra Valley is situated about 150 km north Leh, capital town Ladakh, Occupiedmir.

Suru Valley
The Suru valley is a valley in Ladakh region Jammumir, which is drained by Suru River , a tributary Indus River.

Bullet for my Valentine
Bullet for my Valentineten known as BFMV are a heavy metal band from Wales.

Extensible Messagingnce Protocol
The Extensible Messagingnce Protocol  is a protocol for instant messaging.

Joe Namath
Joseph William Namath , also known as Broadway Joe, is a football quarterback.

Phil Simms
Phillip Martin Simms  is a football quarterback, currently a television sportscaster for CBS network.

Shabono
A "shabono"  is a hut used by Yanomami indios, who live in southeastern Venezuela in northern Roraima, Brazil.

Aaron Rodgers
Aaron Charles Rodgers  is starting football quarterback for Green Bay Packers NFL.

Intellect
Intellect is capacity mind by which reasons.

Submission (movie)
Submission was a movie made in 2004.

Transmutation
Transmutation is basic processes in Alchemy.

Psychologist
A Psychologist isone who studies practices Psychology as a job.

Johannes Heesters
Johannes Heesters  is a Dutch actor, singer, entertainer.

Luncşoara River (Homorod)
The Luncşoara River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Obârşiţa River
The Obârşiţa River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Mereşti River
The Mereşti River is a tributary Homorodul Mic River inia.

Păstrăvul River (Homorod)
The Păstrăvul River is a tributary Homorodul Mic River inia.

Valea Românilor River
The Valea Românilor River is a tributary Homorodul Mic River inia.

World Bank
The World Bank is an international bank that lends money other help to developing nations.

Crayfish
Crayfish are crustaceans that are also known as crawdads, crawfish, freshwater lobsters;y are closely, crabs, shrimp.

Chappaquiddickd
Chappaquiddick is a place in Massachusetts, in United States.

Variable star
A variable star is a star that istimes brighter dimmer does not stay same brightness.

Domination & submission (BDSM)
Domination submission is a lifestyle.

Appendectomy
An appendectomy appendicectomy is when doctors remove vermiform appendix.

Donald Dewar
Donald Campbell Dewar  was First Ministerd from 1999 until his death in 2000.

Governor-General
Theor-General was resident representative King George VI in from 1947 to 1952n Queen Elizabeth II  from 1952 until 1956 when was proclaimed a republic.

Hunza Valley
Hunza Valley  is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in Areas.

Kaghan Valley
The valley is a valley in Mansehra District North-West Frontier Province.

Kunar Valley
Kunar Valley  Chitral Valley is a valley in.

Nagar Valley
Nagar Valley (Urdu.

Naran Valley
Naran Valley  is located in North-West Frontier Province,.

Rupal Valley
The Rupal Valley is located in Astore District's Areas.

Skardu Valley
The Skardu Valley is located in Areas.

Yasin Valley
The Yasin Valley is a high mountain valley in Hindu mountains, in northwest region Gilgit in Areas.

Dmitry Medvedev
Dmitry Medvedev is President Russia,ficially on May 7, 2008.

The Sea Horse
Date: October 31, 1959 Plot.

The Glob
Date: May 30, 1959 .

BBC Three
BBC Three is a television channel from BBC.

Nerf N-Strike
"Nerf N-Strike" is an upcoming video game being made Electronic Arts.

Emperor India
Emperor/Empress India  was used as a title by last Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II, also by colonial monarchs during Raj in India.

Radish
A radish is an edible root vegetable Brassicaceae family.

Glenn Seaborg
Glenn Seaborg (April 19, 1912 - Feb.

Bob McGrath
Image:Bob McGrath Sesame Place headshot.jpg|250px|thumb|right|Bob McGrath before a Sesame Place concert starts.

BBC Radio 3
BBC Radio 3 is a national radio station operated by BBC within United Kingdom.

NERF
NERF  is a brand foam-based toyaponry.

Disney Interactive
Disney Interactive is a video game publisher that publishes video games based on Disney properties.

BBC Radio 4
BBC Radio 4 is a domestic UK radio station which broadcasts a wide variety spoken-word programmes including news, drama, comedy, science history.

BBC Four
BBC Four is a television channel operated by BBC.

Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis
The Skipper frog Skittering frog  is a common frog found in South Asia.

Fejervarya limnocharis
The Cricket Frog  limnocharis") is a species frog found in South Asia.

Fejervarya syhadrensis
"Fejervarya syhadrensis" is a species frog found in South Asia.

Paa vicina
"Paa vicina" is a species frog in Ranidae family.

Paa sternosignata
"Paa sternosignata" is a species frog in Ranidae family.

Paa hazarensis
"Paa hazarensis" is a species frog in Ranidae family.

Cricket Frog
Cricket frogs, genus "Acris", are, North frogs family Hylidae.

Duttaphrynus melanostictus
The Common Toad Common Asiatic/Asian Toad Black-spined Toad  is a species toad that is common in South Asia.

Bufo olivaceus
"Bufo olivaceus" is a species toad in Bufonidae family.

Indus Valley toad
Indus Valley toad  is a species toad endemic to, from plains to about 1800m.

Duttaphrynus himalayanus
"Duttaphrynus himalayanus" is a species toad found in region occupiedmir.

Bufo latastii
"Bufo latastii" is a species toad in Bufonidae family.

Amolops himalayanus
"Amolops himalayanus" is a species frog found in Asia.

Bufo pseudoraddei
"Bufo pseudoraddei" is a species toad in Bufonidae family.

Euphlyctis ghoshi
"Euphlyctis ghoshi" is a species frog found in Asia.

Himalayan Newt
The Newt  is a species salamander found in South Asia Southeast Asia.

Afghan Hedgehog
The Hedgehog  is a subspecies Long-eared Hedgehog native tostern.

Argali
The argali mountain sheep  is a wild sheep.

Marco Polo sheep
Marco Polo sheep  is a wild sheep, a subspecies Argali.

Asian Black Bear
The Black Bear , also known as Asiatic Black Bear, Black Bear, Black Bear, Moon Bear, is a medium sized, sharp-clawed, black-colored bear with a distinctive white cream "V" marking on its chest.

Asiatic Cheetah
The Asiatic Cheetah  is a subspecies cheetah.

Asiatic Lion
The Asiatic Lion  is a subspecies lion.

Diskitioning
Usually eachition contains exactly file system.

Honey Badger
The Honey Badger , also known as Ratel, is a member Mustelidae family.

Balochistan Forest Dormouse
The Forest Dormouse  is a species rodent in Gliridae family.

Baluchistan Pygmy Jerboa
The Pygmy Jerboa  is a species rodent in Dipodidae family.

Himalayan Brown Bear
The Brown Bear  is a subspecies Brown Bear.

Syrian Brown Bear
The Brown Bear  is subspecies Brown Bear.

Bharal
The bharal blue sheep  is a mammal Caprinae subfamily.

Blackbuck
Blackbuck  is a species antelope.

Jungle Cat
The Jungle Cat , also called swamp lynx , is a medium-small cat, but is now considered remaining species wild cat genus "Felis".

Sand Cat
The Sand Cat  is a wild cat Felinae subfamily.

Chinkara
The Chinkara  Jabeer Gazelle is a species gazelle found in South Asia.

Corsac Fox
The Corsac Fox , also known as Steppe Fox, is a medium-sized Asiatic fox species.

Eurasian Brown Bear
The Brown Bear  is a subspecies Brown Bear .

Eurasian Wolf
The Wolf  is a subspecies Grey Wolf .

False Killer Whale
The False Killer Whale  is a cetacean members oceanic dolphin family .

Blanford's Fox
Theford's Fox , is a fox.

In Flames
In Flames is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden.

Baiji
The Baiji  called also River Dolphin  is a river dolphin.

At Gates
At Gates is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden.

Indian Fox
The Bengal Fox , also known as Fox, is a fox.

Clouded Leopard
The Clouded Leopard  is a medium-sized cat, 55 to 110 cm  longighing between 15 23 kg .

Government India Act 1935
Thement India Act 1935 was last constitution India,rere no more after this in 1947 India was split into India.

Brahmanbaria District
Brahmanbaria  is a district in east-central.

Dhund Abbasi
The Dhund Abbasi are a tribe northern,y are mainly settled in Abbottabad District Murree Tehsil.

Bangladeshdard Time
Bangladeshdard Time  codice_1 is time zone.

Western Summer Time
The scheme runs from last Sunday in March to last Sunday in October each year.

Frederica Sagor Maas
Frederica Sagor Maas  is an playwright, screenwriter, essayist author, youngest daughter immigrants.

Western Schism
The schism was a split within Catholic Church which happened betweeb 1378 1417.

Avignon Papacy
The Avignon Papacy refers to 70 years when popes lived in Avignon, rather than in Rome.

John Wycliffe
John Wycliffe  was aologian.

Conciliar movement
The Conciliar Movement was a reform movement in centuries in Catholic Church which held that final authority in spiritual matters resided with Church as corporations, embodied by a general church council, not with Pope.

Merchet
A merchet was a fine paid on a marriage in Middle Ages ind.

Jacquerie
Jacquerie was ae uprising in late medieval Europe by French peasants in 1358 protesting heavy taxation in Oise valley north Paris.

White-collar crime
White-collar crime refers to crimes committed by high-rankingficials, nobles people high status.

WQED (TV)
WQED  is a PBS television station based in Pittsburgh,ia.

Peking University
The Peking University  is a prestigious university located in Beijing, China that was created in 1898.

Wizet
Wizet is a company that makes video games.

Spotter
A spotter is a soldier in an army who helps a sniper hit he is shooting at.

Sniper scope
A sniper scope is a telescope that is attached on top a rifle.

Burlap
Burlap is fiber.

Yute
Yute is a fiber thread.

Ghillie suit
A ghillie suit is a special camouflage suit used by snipers.

Counter-sniping
Counter-sniping is a job performed by soldiers in an army to find kill an enemy sniper.

Carlos Hathcock
Gunneryt Carlos Hathcock II  was a U.S.

Sunda Strait
Sunda Strait is Strait that is between islands Java Sumatra in Indonesia.

German Bundesliga 93/94
The Bundesliga 93/94 was Bundesliga.

German Bundesliga 99/00
The Bundesliga 99/00 was Bundesliga.

Answering machine
An answering machine ) is a machine.

Vocation
A vocation  is a job that suits a person.

The Daily Telegraph
"The Daily Telegraph" is a newspaper published in Sydney, Australia.

The West
"The West" is a newspaper published in Perth, Australia.

Daily Telegraph
"The Daily Telegraph" is a broadsheet newspaper, founded in 1855.

Missy Higgins
Missy Higgins  is an singer songwriter.

Backup
Veryten, backup media are portable, soy can be easily moved stored in a safe place.

List Calgary Flames players/N-Z
This is a complete list ice hockey players who have Flames  in National Hockey League .

Coliney
Colin Matthewey  is an professional wrestler known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment  on its ECW brand.

List Calgary Flames players
There are two lists ice hockey players who have Flames in National Hockey League .

Abstract
Abstract isoretical, not concrete physical.

Seminar
Seminar is a conference for discussion training.

WYSIWYG
WYSIWYG , is an acronym for "What You See Is What You G'"et", used in computing to describe a system where things you type when you are editing appear almost same to finalput, which might be a printed document, ab page, a powerpoint presentation even lighting for a concert.

Philosopher's Stone
Philosopher's Stone is an alchemical substance capable turning base  metals into pure gold.

OpenOffice.org Calc
OpenOffice.org Calc is spreadsheet OpenOffice.org software package.

Gary Gygax
Ernest Gary Gygax   was an writer game designer, known for co-creating early role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons"  with Dave Arneson in 1974.

Golden Jackal
The Golden Jackal , also called Asiatic, Oriental Common Jackal is a carnivorous mammal Canidae family.

Dhole
The Dhole , also known as Asiatic Wild Dog, Wild Dog Red Dog is a mammalder Carnivora, only member genus "Cuon".

Tibetan Fox
The Sand Fox  is species true fox.

Rüppell's Fox
Rüppell's Fox , also spelled "Rueppell's Fox" also called Sand Fox, is a species fox.

Iranian Wolf
The wolf  is a subspecies Grey Wolf which ranges fromon, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Turkey,,,.

Indian Wolf
Recent genetic research suggests that Wolf,iginally considered only as a subpopulation Wolf , may represent a distinct species .

Fraser's Dolphin
Fraser's Dolphin  Sarawak Dolphin is a cetacean in oceanic dolphin family .

Egyptian Fruit Bat
The Fruit Bat Rousette  is a species Old World fruit bat.

Goitered Gazelle
The Goitered Gazelle, Black-tailed Gazelle gazelle  is a species gazelle.

Great Gerbil
The Great Gerbil  is ae gerbil.

Himalayan Goral
The Goral , also known as Gray Goral, is a member Caprinae subfamily.

Hog Deer
The Hog Deer  is deer.

Songs About Jane
Songs About Jane is debut album by pop-rock alternative band Maroon 5.

Harder to Breathe
"Harder to Breathe" is single track Maroon 5's album "Songs About Jane".

She Will Be Loved
She Will Be Loved is singlef debut album by rock band Maroon 5 called Songs About Jane.

Sunday Morning (Maroon 5 song)
"Sunday Morning" was released by pop/rock band Maroon 5.

Live - Friday
Live - Friday is live album by Maroon 5.

J.A.R.
"J.A.R." is a song by punk rock band Green Day.

Angus (movie)
"Angus" is a 1995 comedy-drama film directed by Patrick Read Johnson written by Jill Gordon.

Kharkiv
Kharkiv is a city in Ukraine.

Opeth
Opeth is a heavy metal band from Stockholm, Sweden.

It Won't Be Soon Before Long
It Won't Be Soon Before Long is studio album by Maroon 5 released in May 2007.

Makes Me Wonder
"Makes Me Wonder" is singlef studio album by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".

Wake Up Call (Maroon 5 song)
"Wake Up Call" is singlef studio album by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".

EMI
EMI is a music company based in London New York.

Won't Go Home Without You
"Won't Go Home Without You" is singlef album by pop-rock band Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".

Richardson
Sir Richard Charles Nicholasson  is a businessman fromd.

SUNY Downstate Medical Center
The State University New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn , is a medical center in Borough Brooklyn in New York City.

If I Never See Your Face Again
"If I Never See Your Face Again" is single by Maroon 5.

Goodnight Goodnight
Goodnight Goodnight is single by pop-rock band Maroon 5 on album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".

Gavin Degraw
Gavin DeGraw (b.

I Don't Want to Be
"I Don't Want to Be" is debut single by Gavin Degraw on his debut album Chariot.

Chariot (album)
"Chariot" is an album by rock singer Gavin Degraw.

Chariot
"This article is about mode transport, for album see Chariot " A chariot is a type transport used by many ancient civilisations people.

Market share
Market share, in business marketing, is portion  targeted consumer base  that a company actually reaches, for aicular service product.

OpenOffice.org Impress
OpenOffice.org Impress, a OpenOffice.orgfice suite package created by Sun Microsystems, is a presentation program similar to Microsoft PowerPoint.

Oval Office
The Oval Office isficialfice President United States currently that is George W.

Scars on Broadway
Scars on Broadway is an metal band featuring three ex members from System a Down.

Church
The Church is a group that seeks acceptance human nature self, as it is described in "Theic Bible", written in 1969 by Anton LaVey.

Haines City High School
Haines City High School HCHS is oldest public high school in Haines City, Florida.

Kung Fu Panda
"Kung Fu Panda" is a 2008 animated film about a bungling panda who aspires to be a kung fu warrior.

Forrest Gump (novel)
"Forrest Gump" is a 1986 novel by Winston Groom.

Appendicitis
Appendicitis is a medical condition.

Chandpur District
Chandpur is a district in east-central.

Chittagong District
Chittagong District is a district located in south-eastern region.

Banglapedia
"Banglapedia", "National Encyclopedia", isi encyclopedia.

Bengal Presidency
However Bengal Presidency also later included other areas that are now India.

Veterinarian
A vet a veterinarian, isone who gives animals medical treatment.

James Abbott
General Sir James Abbott  was a armyficer in colonial India.

North Ossetiaia
The Republic North Ossetiaia  is a republic in north Caucasus which is Russia.

Bernard Fanning
Bernard Fanning is singer, guitarist main song-writer for rock band Powderfinger.

SWAT team
A SWAT team is a group highly trained policeficers who deal with very dangerous criminals.

Commando
Commandos are military soldiers who have been highly trained in combat.

White Nights Festival
The White Nights Festival in St.

Infantry
Infantry is branch a country's army that is kill enemy soldiers.

Special Forces
Special Forces are elite soldiers in a military.

Bryan Clay
Bryan Ezra Tsumoru Clay  is an decathlete — 2008 Olympic gold medalist 2004 Olympic silver medalist.

Monarch Airlines
Monarch Airlines is a budget airline which is based in United Kingdom.

Budget airline
A budget airline low-cost carrier is an airline which tries to keep its prices fares lower than competitors.

Madagascar (2005 movie)
"Madagascar" is a 2005 computer-animated film produced by DreamWorks Animation, on May 27,2005.

Convention People's Party
The Convention People's Party  was a politicaly made by Kwame Nkrumah in 1949.

Purchasing power parity
Purchasing Power Parity  is in economicory about exchange rates currency.

Violet Baudelaire
Violet Baudelaire is a fictional character in popular children's book series, "A Series Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket.

Flat Earth
The idea a flat Earth is that surface Earth is flat .

John Gilbert
John Gilbert  was a famous bushranger.

Sunny Baudelaire
Sunny Baudelaire is main characters from Lemony Snicket's series books, "A Series Unfortunate Events".

Klaus Baudelaire
Klaus Baudelaire is a fictional character in popular children's book series, "A Series Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket.

Chris Paul
Christopheruel Paul  is a professional basketball player who currently plays point guard for News Hornets NBA.

American basketball at Olympics
 1992 Men's Basketball Team  - "The Dream Team" .

Nastia Liukin
Anastasia "Nastia" Valeryevna Liukin, born October 30, 1989, is a artistic gymnast.

Shawn Johnson
Shawn Machel Johnson  is an artistic gymnast.

Neuschwanstein Castle
Neuschwanstein Castle actually means New Castle.

Paul Kelly (musician)
Paul Maurice Kelly was born on 13 January 1955 in Adelaide, South Australia).

Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder  is a illness.

Prevalence
The Prevalence is a measure from Statistics.

Apologetic proverb
Apologetic proverbs , make fun proverbs by showing thaty are wrong, in situations.

Main Page/Article 2
Powderfinger is a rock band frome, Australia.

Ozone
Ozone is a chemical with symbol O3.

Muhammadim Gazdar
Muhammadim Gazdar  was mayor Karachi in Sindh province.

Jaisalmer
Jaisalmer, nicknamed "The Golden City", is a town in state.

Official languages India
The Eighth Schedule to Constitution contains a list 22 scheduled languages.

Treaty Lahore
The Treaty Lahore was signed on 9 March, 1846 after First Sikh War.

Treaty Amritsar
The Treaty Amritsar was signed on March 16, 1846 to settle a dispute over territory inmir after First Sikh War with United Kingdom.

Amritsar
Amritsar , meaning: "The Lake Holy Nectar", is capital Amritsar District in state Punjab, India.

Amritsar District
Amritsar district is 19 districts in state Punjab in West India.

Lahore Division
Lahore Division was a division Punjab Province.

Divisions
The Divisions a subdivision's provinces.

Former subdivisions
The subdivisions are states, provinces territories.

Kalat Division
Kalat Division was an administrative division Province, until reforms 2000 abolished it.

Makran Division
Makran Division  was an administrative division Province, until reforms 2000 abolished it.

Nasirabad Division
Nasirabad Division was an administrative division Province, until reforms 2000 abolished it.

Norwalk (Connecticut)
Norwalk  is in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Emma Rose Lima
Emma Rose Lima is an child actress.

Makran
Makran  is aly-desert coastal strip in south, in, along coast Sea Gulf.

Geography
The Geography contains mountains, rivers asll as plain land.

Subdivisions
The Subdivisions contain four provinces two territories.

Subsidiarity
Subsidiarity is an idea that things should be handled by, lowest least centralised authority.

Pakistan-administeredmir
Pakistan-administratedmir  is a territory in Asia.

Just Dance
Just Dance is a 2008 song by Lady GaGa, from album The Fame.

Districts
The Districts are level government in are subdivisions provinces.

Rose Tyler (Doctor Who)
Rose Marion Tyler is a character in television series "Doctor Who".

Kashmir Jammu
Kashmir Jammu was a princely state next to territories India.

Automatix (software)
Automatix was a computer program to install software on Ubuntu in a easy way.

Jallianwala Bagh massacre
Thewala Bagh Massacre, also known as Amritsar Massacre, wasd afterwala Bagh  in northern city Amritsar where, on April 13, 1919, Army soldiers under command Brigadier-General Reginald Dyer opened fire on an unarmed gathering men, women children.

British Army
The Army,ficially called simply Army , was army in India during rule .

Presidency armies
The presidency armiesre armies three presidencies India.

Bombay Presidency
The Bombay Presidency was a province India.

Maharaja
The word Mahārāja  is Sanskrit for "great king" "high king".

Jallianwala Bagh
Jallianwala Bagh is a public garden in Amritsar city in Punjab province India.

Almaty
Almaty , also "Verniy", ) is city in.

Banjo-Kazooie
Banjo-Kazooie is a video game made by Rare for Nintendo 64 in 1998.

Halo Wars
Halo Wars is an upcoming real-time strategy video game for Xbox 360.

Project Gotham Racing (series)
"Project Gotham Racing"ten known as PGR is a series driving video games published by Microsoft for Xbox Xbox 360 consoles.

IST
Indiandard Time  is time observed throughout India, with a timefset.

Timefset
A timefset is defined by international convention as a number hours minutes from Coordinated Universal Time in Greenwich,d.

List time zones
This is a list time zones,ed by timefsets from Coordinated Universal Time .

Bydales School
Bydales School is aary school in Marske-by-the-Sea,d which has about 750 students.

In Love With A Girl (song)
"In Love With A Girl" is #1 single by Gavin Degraw on album Gavin DeGraw.

Vinje
Vinje is a place  in county Telemark, Norway.

1979-80 NHL season
The 1979–80 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Union territory
An Union Territory is a sub-national administrative division India.

Viola d'amore
The viola d'amore is a string instrument which was popular in century.

Sœuruelle
Sœuruelle  was a-born French nun.

1978-79 NHL season
The 1978–79 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

1934-35 NHL season
The 1934–35 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

David Paterson
Davidder Paterson  is an politician currentor New York.

1972-73 NHL season
The 1972–73 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Justified
Justified is debut album by rhythm blues entertainer Justin Timberlake.

Rock Your Body
Rock Your Body is singlef debut album by pop singer Justin Timberlake called Justified.

1947-48 NHL season
The 1947–48 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Duffy
Aimee Anne Duffyten known simply as Duffy is a soul singer songwriter.

Funeral for a Friend
Funeral for a Friendten known as FFAF are a post-hardcore band.

Chicago Spire
The Chicago Spire is a verye skyscraper that is being built in Chicago, Illinois.

Rickrolling
Rickrolling is an internet meme that includes Rick Astley singing his 1987 song called Never Gonna Give You Up.

Stable
A stable is a building for livestock animals such as horses cows to live in.

Dagne Groven Myhren
Dagne Groven Myhren is a writer who researches literature.

Aslak Brekke
Aslak Brekke  was a vocalist stev .

Mutiny
Image:Mutiny bounty 5.jpg|thumb|a> in a boat.

Printmaking
Printmaking making art by printing pictures, normally on paper.

Old master print
An old master print is a work art made by a printing process.

Web color
Web colors are colors used in designingbpages, ways for describing listing colors.

Warner Music Group
Warner Music Group is a record label from New York City.

Aslak Brekke og visune hans
Aslak Brekke og visune hans is a / book that has in it a collection stev folk songs.

OpenOffice.org Base
OpenOffice.org Base is database module released with OpenOffice.org version 2.0.

Mozilla
Mozilla software.

Mammary intercourse
Mammary intercourse describes a sex act, performed as foreplay as non-penetrative sex, that involves stimulation male penis by female breasts.

Shams-ud-din
Shams-ud-din  was Muslim Turkic sultanate Delhi ruler Mamlukdynasty .

Lightweight
Lightweight means any computer program, text, item that is not heavy bulky, contains massive amounts bloatware, such as Microsoft Windows.

1951-52 NHL season
The 1951–52 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Chris Osgood
Christopher John Osgood  is a professional ice hockey goaltender with Detroit Red Wings National Hockey League.

Darren Middleton
Darren Middleton is guitarist in rock band, Powderfinger.

Lochee
Lochee is a district Dundee, a city in Angus,d.

2008tic hurricane season
The 2008tic hurricane season is current hurricane season.

Eruca sativa
"Eruca sativa" (syn.

Edward Emerson Barnard
Edward Emerson Barnard was an astronomer.

Solar wind
The Solar Wind is not, as suggests, wind.

Fireproof (movie)
"Fireproof" is a 2008 drama movie from Sherwood Pictures.

Brown Rat
The brown rat, common rat, Hanover rat, Norway rat, rat, wharf rat  is known common rats, also.

Mulan II
"Mulan II" is a Disney 2005 movie sequel to 1998 animated movie "Mulan".

Sherwood Pictures
Sherwood Pictures is a movie-making company based iny, Georgia.

Klik
klik is a system for software download use on Linux.

Zero Install
Zero Install is a way to distribute package software for Linux Unix-like operating systems.

Sentosa
Sentosa is a resort island at south Singapore.

Britishda Programme
Theda Programme was a plan to give a piece East Africa, owned by, to people to live in.

Frank Gardiner
Frank Gardiner  was a famous bushranger.

Razia
Razia al-Din Raziaa  was rulers Delhiate.

Caravaca de la Cruz
Caravaca de la Cruz is a city Autonomous Community Murcia, in Spain.

Dhallywood
Thei film industry, popularly known as Dollywood , has been based in's capital, Dhaka, since 1956.

The Fray
The Fray is a rock banded in 2002.

1955-56 NHL season
The 1955–56 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Illustrator
An illustrator is an artist who draws either on books,etbpages other types entertainment.

Scarborough, Northire
Scarborough is a town on North Sea coast Northire,d.

Fish farm
A fish farm is a place where fish are.

Mansion
A mansion is ae house.

The Miserable Mill
"The Miserable Mill" is a book by Lemony Snicket.

Mass Effect
Mass Effect is an award winning, 2007, science fiction video game published by Microsoft developed by Bioware.

Free open source software
Free open source software  is software whose source is open available to anyone who wishes to improve, study modify it, shareiginal modifications with others.

Free software movement
The free software movement is a software movement which aims to improve user's rights on software reducing proprietary  software through use operating systems such as Ubuntu.

How to Save a Life
How to Save a Life is a studio album by The Fray.

How to Save a Life (song)
"How to Save a Life" is an alternative rock songf album by The Fray called "How to Save a Life".

Mount Chimborazo
Mount Chimborazo is a mountain a dormant inactive volcano in Ecuador.

OpenOffice.org Draw
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor is OpenOffice.orgfice suite.

OpenOffice.org Math
OpenOffice.org Math is a tool for creating editing mathematicalulas, similar to Microsoft Equation Editor is OpenOffice.orgfice suite.

Tony Lazzeri
Anthony Michael Lazzeri was a Major League Baseball player,ly for New York Yankees.

Indian-occupiedmir
Bharati Maqbuzamir Occupiedmir is a Disputed state in north India, claimed bymiris government Republic India calls it so-called Jammumir area 139,000 SqKm , population 6 million .

Revolution Studios
Revolution Studios is a movie production company founded in 2000 closed in 2007.

Nose-picking
Nose-picking is act sticking an index finger up inside a nose digging inside.It is a taboo subject in countries is very gross disgusting dispite being a very common habit.

Adiabatic process
An adiabatic process is wherere is no change in heat.

Oklahoma Land Run
The Land 1889, also known as Oklahoma Land Run, was land run into Unassigned Lands Oklahoma.

Five Civilized Tribes
The Five Civilized Tribes is term Native nations, Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, Seminole, considered civilized by white settlers during that time period becausey adopted many colonists' customs had generally relations withir neighbors.

Anadarko, Oklahoma
Anadarko is a city in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States.

Petroleum industry
The petroleum industry includes global processes exploration, extraction, refining, transporting , marketing petroleum products.

Cyrus Avery
Cyrus Stevens Avery  was known as "Father Route 66".

U.S. Route 66
U.S.

Green Chemistry
Green chemistry "sustainable chemistry" is a branch chemistry that can be at impact a chemical process has on environment.

Kata
Kata  is a word which is used in martial arts.

DSLinux
DSLinux is a port Linux operating system to Nintendo DS platform.

Virtual machine
A virtual machine is a virtual appliance that exists through Virtualization.

GNewSense
gNewSense is a free software-only Ubuntu based distro.

Melon-headed Whale
The Melon-headed Whale  is a mammal oceanic dolphin family.

Nilgai
The Nilgai  is an antelope.

Boys Like Girls
Boys Like Girls is an alternative-pop rock banded in Boston.

Cetiţa River
The Cetiţa River is a tributary Cetea River inia.

Helenus
Helenus is a person in Greek mythology.

Kikones
The Kikones Ciconesre a tribes.

Xebian
Xebian is an fork Linux project, on xbox platform.

Novell
Novell Inc.

Valea Babei River (Gârbova)
The Valea Babei River is a tributary Gârbova River inia.

Valea Fâneţelor River
The Valea Fâneţelor is a tributary Gârbova River inia.

Continental climate
Continental climate is a climate that is characterized by winter temperatures cold enough to support a fixed period snow cover each year, relatively moderate precipitation occurringly in summer.

American Indoor Soccer League
The Indoor Soccer League AISLiginally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league.

U.S. Highway 66 Association
The U.S.

Herja River
The Herja River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Cultural heritage
Cultural heritage  is legacy physical artifacts intangible attributes a group society that are inherited from past generations, maintained in future generations.

Frontier Strip
The Frontier Strip refers to six states in United Statesing a north-south line from North Dakota to Texas.

Storm Prediction Center
The Storm Prediction Center , located in, Oklahoma, is National Centers for Environmental Prediction.

Valea Negrului River
The Valea Negrului River is a tributary Herja River inia.

Tribal chief
A traditional tribal chief is leader a tribe, head a tribal self-government.

Valea Iezerului River
The Valea Iezerului River is a tributary Herja River inia.

Valeaului River
The Valeaului is a tributary Gârbova River inia.

Valea Călimachi River
The Valea Călimachi is a tributary Valeaului River inia.

Valea Dracului River (Valeaului)
The Valea Dracului is a tributary Valeaului River inia.

Valea Tâclului River
The Valea Tâclului River is a tributary Valeaului River inia.

Megalodon
Megalodon was an ancient shark that may have been 40 feet  long even more.

Dust Bowl
The Dust Bowl was a period severe dust storms causing major ecological agricultural damage to prairie lands from 1930 to 1936 also ins through 1940s.

Passionfruit
Passionfruit are, spherical fruit.

Mosasaurus
Mosasaurus was a giant, meat-eating marine reptiles  that lived during late Cretaceous period.

Nevermind
"Nevermind" is studio album by grunge band,a.

Timothy McVeigh
Timothy James McVeigh  was a United States Army veteran security guard who bombed Alfred P.

Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building
The Alfred P.

Conviction
In law, a conviction is verdict that results when a court law finds a defendant guilty a crime.

Oklahoma City bombing
The Oklahoma City bombing was a terrorist attack on April 19, 1995 on U.S.

Reservoir
A reservoir refers to an artificial lake, water for various uses.

Terry Nichols
Terry Lynn Nichols  is a U.S.

Cimarron County, Oklahoma
Cimarron County is a county located in U.S.

Lethal injection
Lethal injection refers to practice injecting a person with a fatal dose drugs for explicit purpose causing death subject.

Jim Inhofe
James Mountain "Jim" Inhofe  is a politician from Oklahoma.

List United States Senators from Oklahoma
Oklahoma was on November 16, 1907.

Tom Coburn
Thomas Allen "Tom" Coburn, M.D.

Bixby, Oklahoma
Bixby is a city in Tulsa Wagoner counties in U.S.

Midwest City, Oklahoma
Midwest City is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, a Oklahoma City metropolitan area.

Council-manager
The council-manager government is two main variations representative municipal government in United States that began in Staunton, Virginia in 1908.

Mayor-council government
The Mayor-Council government system,times called Mayor-Commission government system, is two variations government commonly used in modern representative municipal governments in United States.

Major professional sports league
Major professional sports league, simply major league, is term used in Canada United States to refer to highest professional division in any team sport.

Oklahoma Rose
Oklahoma Rose is a hybrid tea rose.

Okemah, Oklahoma
Okemah is a city in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States.

Coppo di Marcovaldo
Coppo di Marcovaldo, , was an artist who was born in Florence worked in that Italy in Late Medieval period.

Powys
Powys is an area central Wales, next tod.

Cimabue
Cimabue, , was a painter from Florence in Italy who worked in Late Medieval period.

Pietro Cavallini
Pietro Cavallini,  was a painter who lived worked in Rome in Italy in Late Medieval period.

Lollapalooza
Lollapalooza is a music festival.

East Tyrol
East Tyrol  is a state Tyrol, located in ost state.

Indianket
Indian blanket  is a-lived annual flowering plant native to central United States.

Perineum
The Perineum is area human body found between lower ending vagina in females scrotum in males, anus.

Jar
A jar is a type container,ly food.

South Tyrol
South Tyrol  ist Provinceo-Bozen , also as Alto Adige  South Tyrol  is an autonomous province Italy.

Flagd
The Flagd has five rows stripes in colours red, white, blue.

List flags
This is a lists .

Justd Up!
"Justd Up!" is a song featuring vocals an all-star group pop/rock performers, including this isder in whichy are listed on cover Mariah Carey, Beyoncé, Mary J.

Sam Houston State University
Sam Houston State University is a university in Huntsville, Texas.

Jeff Gordon
Jeffery Michael Gordon  is a professional race car driver.

Indiangrass
Indiangrass , also called grass, is a North prairie grass, isficial state grass both Oklahoma South Carolina.

Port Silt Loam
Port Silt Loam is state soil Oklahoma.

Common Collared Lizard
The Oklahoma Collared Lizard Collared Lizard, "Crotaphytus collaris", is a North lizard that can reach a foot  long in length , with ae head jaws.

Black Swallowtail
The Black Swallowtail, "Papilio polyxenes", also called parsnip swallowtail, is a butterfly found throughout much North America.

Oklahoma! (song)
"Oklahoma" is title song from finale to Broadway musical "Oklahoma!" It is also state song Oklahoma.

Queens Stone Age
Queens Stone Age are a rock band from California, USA.

Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection
Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection  is a device on certain Nintendo games that let player game play with people around world.

Feredeu River (Hăşdate)
The Feredeu River is a tributary Hăşdate River inia.

Feredeu River (Aiud)
The Feredeu River is a tributary Aiud River inia.

The Fratellis
The Fratellis are an indie rock band from Glasgow,d.

Minority (song)
"Minority" was single from Green Day's album, "Warning".

Warning (Green Day song)
"Warning" is a single from Green Day's 2000 album "Warning".

Nice Guys Last
"Nice Guys Last" was a single released by punk band Green Day's album "Nimrod".

Hitchin' a Ride (Green Day song)
"Hitchin' a Ride" was single that punk band Green Day released fromir album "Nimrod" in 1997.

Crosby, Stills &
Crosby, Stills & are an musical supergroup .

Sphenodontia
Sphenodontia is ander lizard-like reptiles that includes only living genus, tuatara .

Marat Safin
Marat Safin is a professional tennis player from Russia.

Lleyton Hewitt
Lleyton Hewitt is a professional tennis player from Australia.

Redundant (single)
Redundant is a single by Green Day.

Brad Fitzpatrick
Brad Fitzpatrick is creator LiveJournal.

Zillertal
The Zillertal is valley branchingf Inntal in Tyrol, Austria drained by river Ziller.

David IV Georgia
David IV, also known as David II David III, David Builder  , from House Bagrationi, was King Georgia from 1089 to 1125.

Pope Victor III
Pope Victor III , born Daufer, Latinized Dauferius Dauphar, Pope , was successor Pope Gregory VII , .

Oklahoma (disambiguation)
Oklahoma is a state in United States America.

Regice
Regice is a legendary Pokémon from video game series "Pokémon".

Polo
Polo is a sport.

Word processor
A word processor is a computer program  a special computer texts with colors different font sizes styles, texts which will be printed.

Atari Jaguar
The Atari Jaguar was a console releaced by Atari in 1993.

Atari Jaguar CD
The Atari Jaguar CD is a Video game console Peripheral releaced as an CD based add on for Atari Jaguar in 1995.

Google Picasa
Picasa is a software application forganizing editing digital photos, it was created by Idealab but is now owned by Google.

Failure
A failure  is where a certain objective mission is not completed.

Telecommunication
Telecommunication is assisted transmission signals over a distance for purpose communication.

Jim Keltner
Jim Keltner is an musician .

Autopackage
Autopackage is a free computer program aimed at making it simple to create other programs that can be installed on all Linux distributions.

Marcy Levy
Marcella "Marcy" Levy  is an musician singer .

Basic verbs
be • do • have • come • go • give • take • see • seem • send • keep • make • say • let • get • put .

Master recording
A master recording is,-made, copy a recording.

National League East
The National League East is a division in MLB.

Major League Baseball All-Star Game
In Major League Baseball, All-Star Game is game between players from League  National League .

Valea Mierezului River
The Valea Mierezului River is a tributary Feredeu River inia.

Valea Chichizii River
The Valea Chichizii River is a tributary Feredeu River inia.

Cognate
Cognate is a word derived from same root as another word.

Valea Mare River (Aiud)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Aiud River inia.

Wireless router
A wireless router allows user computers other electronic devices to connect to a computer network.

Valea Lupului River (Aiud)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary Aiud River inia.

Valea Gropilor River (Aiud)
The Valea Gropilor River is a tributary Aiud River inia.

Glyptodon
Glyptodon was ancient armadillos.

Stegodon
"Stegodon" is a genus extinct subfamily Stegodontinaeder Proboscidea.

Bakhshali
Bakhshali is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Birch bark
Birch bark birchbark is usually bark Paper Birch treetimes similar trees such as Gray  Birch.

Bakhshali manuscript
Theali Manuscript is a mathematical manuscript written on birch bark.

Bazaar
A bazaar, is an area that is always.

Alo, NWFP
Alo is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Graham
Graham William  is a-born musician, singer songwriter.

Babini
Babini is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Babozai
Babozai is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Bala Garhi
Bala Garhi is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Chamtar
Chamtar is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Charguli
Charguli is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Dagai
Dagai is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Dheri
Dheri is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Garhi Daulatzai
Garhi Daulatzai is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Garhi Ismail Zai
Garhi Ismail Zai is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Garyala
Garyala is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Gujar Garhi
Gujar Garhi is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Hathian
Hathian is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Lund Khwar
Lund Khwar, is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Muslim Abad
Muslim Abad is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Rustam, NWFP
Rustam is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Shamozai
Shamozai is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Saro Shah
Saro Shah Sari is a town Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Takkar
Takkar is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

Toru, NWFP
Toru is a village Union Council District in North-West Frontier Province.

University Bologna
The University Bologna is oldest university Europe world.

University Warsaw
The University Warsaw  is greatest having more prestige universityd.

E-cigarette
An electronic cigarette  is a cigarette substitute, giving amounts chemical nicotine without tobacco other chemicals from real cigarettes.

Great Pyramid Giza
The Great Pyramid Giza is a huge pyramid built by Ancients.

.hack
".hack"  is a multimedia franchise.

9885 Linux
9885 Linux is an asteroid discovered on October 12, 1994 by Spacewatch.

Premier League
A Premier League is normally a league in sports at top league system.

Surf rock
Surf rock is a rock music.

Cigarettes Valentines
Cigarettes Valentines was going to be an album by Green Day.

The Silmarillion
"The Silmarillion" is a book written by J.

Pace
Pace is rhythm speed at whichthing happens.

Shipping Forecast
The Shipping Forecast is an iconic BBC Radio 4.

The Mail on Sunday
"The Mail on Sunday" is a newspaper.

PackageKit
PackageKit is a free group software applications a consistent high-level front end for a number different package management systems.

Grindu River
The Grindu River flows into Mureş River inia.

Optimization
The optimization software is a branch Engineering Software that tries to turn existing programs into other programs that realize same tasks in time, with requests memory, in general using resources ideal.

Unirea River
The Unirea River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Advanced Packaging Tool
Theced packaging tool, APT, is a user interface that works with core libraries to handletimes difficult process installing software on Linux.

Stejeriş River
The Stejeriş River is a tributary Unirea River inia.

APTonCD
APTonCD is a tool that can create more ISOs, CDs DVDs with all packages user downloaded via APT-GET APTITUDE, creating a removable repository that user can use on other computers.

Măhăceni River
The Măhăceni River is a tributary Unirea River inia.

Synaptic Package Manager
Synaptic is a computer program which is a GTK+ graphical user interface front-end toced Packaging Tool for package management system.

StartUp-Manager
StartUp-Manager is a program to configure GRUB,y.

Manacor
Manacor is a town a municipality located on island Majorca.

Ciugud River
The Ciugud River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Valea Cânepiştilor River
The Valea Cânepiştilor River is a tributary Ciugud River inia.

Valea Agrişului River
The Valea Agrişului River is a tributary Ciugud River inia.

Miguel Ángel Nadal
Miguel Ángel Nadal was born on July 28, 1966 in Manacor, Majorca.

Fetch! With Ruff
"Fetch! With Ruff" is a reality children's television program that is shown on PBS.

Pârâul Porcului (Ciugud)
The Pârâul Porcului is a tributary Ciugud River inia.

Groapai River
The Groapai River is a tributary Ciugud River inia.

Pârâul Şcolii
Pârâul Şcolii is a tributary Aiud River inia.

Pietriş River (Aiud)
The Pietriş River is a tributary Aiud River inia.

African Wild Dog
The Wild Dog  is a carnivorous mammal Canidae family, which lives in Africa.

Luna Sea
Luna Sea is a rock band,ed in Kanagawa in 1989.

Hopârta River
The Hopârta River Râtu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Băgău River
The Băgău River is a tributary Hopârta River inia.

The Ninety-Fives
The "Ninety-Fives on Power Indulgences", commonly known as "The Ninety-Fives",re written by Martin Luther in 1517 are used a lot as primary catalyst fort Reformation .

Roger
Roger Philip , nicknamed "The Duke Tralee" for his roots, was an Major League Baseball player who played catcher a player-manager.

Gorgan River
The River is a tributary Hopârta River inia.

Over My Head (Cable Car)
Over My Head  is debut single by rock band The Frayf hit album How to Save a Life .

Odverem River
The Odverem River is a tributary Hopârta River inia.

Look After You
"Look After You" is hit single by rock band The Fray.

Isaac Slade
Isaac Slade is an singer-songwritter rock banded in 2002 called The Fray.

Prisăcani River
The Prisăcani River is a tributary Bistricioara River inia.

All at Once
All at Once is known to be singlef album "How to Save a Life" by rock band The Fray.

Partition editor
partition editor,itioner,itioning utility are alls for computer programs, create, change, delete diskitions on a computer storage device, commonly a hard disk, but also a USB flash drive other storage medium.

GParted
GParted is a program, deleting, resizing, moving, checking copyingitions, file systems onm.

Skull Ring
"Skull Ring" is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop.

Jesus Suburbia
Jesus Suburbia was final single to be released from Green Day's studio album, "American Idiot".

National Bowl
The National Bowl is a entertainment venue in Milton Keynes,ire,d.

Kerrang!
"Kerrang!" is aekly Rock magazine by Bauer Consumer Media in United Kingdom.

Bullet in a Bible
"Bullet in a Bible" is a live CD, DVD UMD release by Green Day, which was issued on November 15 2005.

Footage
In film video, footage is raw, unedited material as it had beeniginally recorded by video camera .

People's Choice Award
The People's Choice Awards is an awards show recognizing people work popular culture.

The Pretender (song)
"The Pretender" is single from Foo Fighters' 2007 album "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace".

It's Been Awhile
"It's Been Awhile" is lead singlef album "Break Cycle" by alternative metal band Staind.

Scar Tissue
"Scar Tissue" is single from alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers' .

Distancing effect
The distancing effect  is aatrical cinematic device.

Hysteria
Hysteria is whenone has a very strong emotion that is unmanageable.

Theme (music)
In music, ame is initial primary melody.

Our Band Could Be Your Life
"Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from Indie Underground, 1981-1991" is a book by Michael Azerrad .

Vh1
VH1  is an cable television network based in New York City.

Spin (magazine)
"Spin" is a music magazine that competes with leading magazine "Rolling Stone".

Behind Music
"Behind Music" is a television series on VH1 that ran from 1997 to 2006.

Rock on Net
The ARC Weekly Top 40 is an mainstream music chart.

Jane's Addiction
Jane's Addiction is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California.

Performance
A performance, in performing arts, generally comprises an event in which group people  behave in aicular way for another group people .

Blitzkrieg Bop
"Blitzkrieg Bop" is a song by punk rock band Ramones.

We're a Happy Family
"We're a Happy Family - A Tribute To Ramones" is a tribute album by various artists as a tribute to Ramones.

Ronnie Blake
Ronnie Blake  is a trumpeter from Fullerton, California.

Mike Pelino
Mike Pelino is a guitarist who currently serves as a touring member Green Day.

Jason White (musician)
Jason White  is a U.S.

Jason
Jason Jeremy  provides piano/keyboard, guitar, tenor saxophone, accordion, trombone backing vocals for Green Day.

Gabrial McNair
Gabrial "Gabe" McNair  is a multi-instrumentalist composer.

Petra Haden
Petra Haden  is an violinist singer.

Stephen Bradley
Stephen Bradley  plays trumpet keyboard in band No Doubt.

Debian Package Maker
Debian Package Maker is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.

Deb Creator
Deb Creator is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.

Taro Aso
Taro Aso  is President ruling Liberal Democratic Party, Catholic Prime Minister.

Kumamoto prefecture
Kumamoto prefecture is an areau, instern.

Group velocity
Group velocity isten wave velocity at which information travels.

Polarization
Polarization describes direction electric field light.

One Only
One Only  is a song by american musiciand featuring alternative rock band Fall Out Boy.

Şesul Băgăului River
The Şesul Băgăului River Pusta Băgăului River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Dance Dance
"Dance, Dance" is single from Fall Out Boy's studio album "From Under Cork Tree".

Haibadâc River
The Haibadâc River is a tributary Şesul Băgăului River inia.

Valea Poeţii River
The Valea Poeţii River is a tributary Şesul Băgăului River inia.

Valea Papii River
The Valea Papii River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Valea la Şipot River
The Valea la Şipot River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Hăpria River
The Hăpria River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Săcăduş River
The Săcăduş River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Boys Like Girls (album)
Boys Like Girls is debut hit album released in 2006 by rock band Boys Like Girls.

Bogdanul River
Theul River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Fărău River
The Fărău River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Silivaş River
The Silivaş River is a tributary Fărău River inia.

This Love (Maroon 5 song)
"This Love" is single from rock band Maroon 5's album "Songs About Jane".

Ciunga River
The Ciunga River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Now That's What I Call Music! (U.S. Series)
Now That's What I Call Music (U.S.

Begiu River
The Begiu River is a tributary Valea Dosului River inia.

Valea Dosului River (Mureş)
The Valea Dosului River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Cedrus deodara
Cedrus deodara  is a species cedar trees that live instern Himalayas in eastern, northern, north-central India ,mir, southwesternmost Tibetstern Nepal, live in places at 1500-3200 m above sea level.

Personal space
Hall's spacing modelsre based on Heini Hediger's 1955 psychological studies zoo animals.

Siminoc River (Teşna)
The Siminoc River is a tributary Teşna River inia.

Tebeleuca River
The Tebeleuca River is a tributary Teşna River inia.

Reginald Dyer
Brigadier-General Reginald Edward Harry Dyer CB  was a Armyficer responsible forwala Bagh massacre.

London Gazette
The "London Gazette" isficial records government, important in UK.

Fabales
Fabales is ander flowering plants.

Google Chrome
Google Chrome is an open sourceb browser developed by Google.

Polish Academy Sciences
The Academy Sciences  with seat in Warsaw, is two institutions which have nature an academy sciences.

Chinese remainderorem
The remainderorem is aorem from numberory.

Shorinji kenpo
Shorinji kenpo is style kenpo .

Progressive Fighting System
Progressive Fighting Systems is anganization a system combat thought up by Paul Vunak, who had been Danto's student who had been Bruce Lee's main student.

Riff
In music, a riff is an ostinato; a repeated chord progression, pattern, melody,ten played by rhythmic instruments.

Blue Screen Death
A Blue Screen Death,times called a BSOD, is a screen a computer shows when it has an error  can't work.

Portland Bill
Portland Bill is a peninsulaf south coastd.

CERN
CERN is a research institute near Geneva,d.

Negrişoara River (Dorna)
The Negrişoara River is a tributary Dorna River, inia.

Onager
The Onager  is ae mammal belonging to Equidae family.

Pantropical Spotted Dolphin
The Pantropical Spotted Dolphin  is an oceanic dolphin.

Pilot whale
Pilot whales are two species oceanic dolphins, which genus "Globicephala".

Pygmy Killer Whale
The Pygmy Killer Whale  is a mammal oceanic dolphin family.

Persian Jird
The Jird  is a species rodent in Muridae family.

Didgeridoo
The didgeridoo is a musical instrument.

Pârâul Pintii
The Pârâul Pintii is a tributary Negrişoara River, inia.

Don LaFontaine
Donald LaFontaine  was an voice actor.

Bungie Studios
Bungie Studios is an video game developer.

Gligul River
The Gligul River is a tributary Negrişoara River, inia.

Piatra River (Negrişoara)
The Piatra River is a tributary Negrişoara River, inia.

Colăcelul River
The Colăcelul River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Pârâul Roşu (Dorna)
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Teşniţa River
The Teşniţa River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Flamethrower
A flamethrower is a device fire.

Dornişoara River
The Dornişoara River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Holster
A holster is a type clothing.

Confetti
Confetti is a lot pieces paper other material that is thrown into air at a celebration such asy adding.

Bârsaniul River
The Bârsaniul River is a tributary Dorna River inia.

Măru River
The Măru River is a tributary Bistra Mărului River inia.

Vâlsan River (Argeş)
The Vâlsan River is a tributary Argeş River inia.

Zănoguţa River (Vâlsan)
The Zănoguţa River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Dobroneagu River
The Dobroneagu River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Râul Cheii
The Râul Cheii is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Izvorul Dimei River
The Izvorul Dimei River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Izvorul Popii River
The Izvorul Popii River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Robaia River (Vâlsan)
The Robaia River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Topliţa River (Vâlsan)
The Topliţa River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Râul Boului (Vâlsan)
The Râul Boului is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Buneşti River
The Buneşti River is a tributary Vâlsan River inia.

Gârcic River
The Gârcic River is a tributary Buneşti River inia.

365 (Compilation album)
"365"  is a compilation album based on 2007-2008 singles releasedf Disneynel from"Disney" stars Hannaha,the High School Musical Soundtracks, Jonas Brothers.

Poales
Poales is a taxonomicder flowering plants in monocotyledons.

Poaceae
Poaceae Gramineae is a family in class Liliopsida flowering plants.

Ric Flair
Richard Fliehr  better known by his ring, Ric Flair, is a retired professional wrestler He years.

Michelle McCool
Michelle McCool  is an professional wrestler.

IUPAC
IUPAC is am acronym forational Union for Pure Applied Chemistry.

Medes
The Medesre an ancient people who lived in northwestern portions present-day.

Paul Vunak
Paul Vunak  is a martial artist, famous for creating PFS .

Mombasa
Mombasa is city in Kenya.

Headshot
In video games a headshot is when a player an enemy gets hit inir head.

Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel
Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel is a high school located in Biel ind.

Mede (Italy)
Mede is a comune  in Province Pavia in region Lombardy.

Ploidy
Cells are usually monoploid.

Rhesus Macaque
The Rhesus Macaque ,ten called Rhesus Monkey, is known species Old World monkeys.

Risso's Dolphin
The Risso's Dolphin  is only species dolphin in genus "Grampus".

Foreplay
Foreplay is for a number things people do beforey have sex.

Army (movie)
"Army" is a 1996 Hindi movie.

Râul Alb (Bârzava)
The Râul Alb is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Crackdown
Crackdown is a-person shooter video game released by Microsoft for its Xbox 360 console in 2006.

BBC Radio 5 Live
BBC Radio 5 Live  is BBC's radio station that gives live BBC News, phone-ins, sports news.

Văliug River
The Văliug River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Cattenom power plant
Cattenom power plant is a nuclear power plant.

Crivaia Mică River
The Crivaia Mică River is a tributary Crivaia Mare River inia.

Doman River
The River Budinic River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Bârzăviţa River (Bârzava)
The Bârzăviţa River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Rough-toothed Dolphin
The Rough-toothed Dolphin  is a fairlye oceanic dolphin.

Spinner Dolphin
The Spinner Dolphin  is a oceanic dolphin.

Striped Dolphin
The Striped Dolphin  is an oceanic dolphin.

Groposu River
The Groposu River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Moraviţa River (Bârzava)
The Moraviţa River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Valea Stânca River
The Valea Stânca River Stoiconic River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Birdanca River
Theca River Birda River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Gorova River (Bârzava)
The Gorova River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Ciopa River
The Ciopa River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Vălişoara River (Timiş)
The Vălişoara River is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Fornădia River
The Fornădia River Vălişoara River is a tributary Căian River inia.

And did feet in ancient time
"And did feet in ancient time" is a poem by William Blake.

Vălişoara River (Crişul Alb)
The Vălişoara River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Hubert Parry
Sir Charles Hubert Hastings Parry, Baronet  was an composer.

Râul Şes (Râul Mare)
The Râul Şes is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Mlăcile River
The Mlăcile River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Şcheiu River
The Şcheiu River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Mătania River
The Mătania River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Baicu River (Râul Şes)
The Baicu River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Corciova River
The Corciova River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Gropiţa River (Zeicu)
The Gropiţa River is a tributary Zeicu River inia.

VistaPE
VistaPE is a is a project  for WinBuilder to create a Live CD based on kernel Windows Vista.

Tomeasa River
The Tomeasa River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Merila River
The Merila River Valea Găurii River Mirele River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Gugu River (Râul Şes)
The Gugu River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Izvorul Morarului River
The Izvorul Morarului River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Pârâul Morii (Râul Şes)
The Pârâul Morii River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Cârnea River
The Cârnea River is a tributary Pârâul Morii inia.

Gropiţa River (Pârâul Morii)
The Gropiţa River is a tributary Pârâul Morii inia.

Tucila River
The Tucila River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Eye GNOME
Eye GNOME isficial image viewer for GNOME desktop environment.

Ekiga
Ekiga  is a free open source VoIP video conferencing computer application for GNOME Windows.

One Laptop Per Child
One Laptop Per Child is anganization founded at MIT.

Malvaceae
Malvaceae is a family flowering plants.

Araceae
Araceae are rhizomatous tuberous herbs comprising about 110 genera 1,800 species, usually with calcium oxalate crystals raphides commonly with milky sap.

Everything That Happens Will Happen Today
"Everything That Happens Will Happen Today" is album made by David Byrne Eno, released on August 18, 2008.

Openair Frauenfeld
The Open-air Frauenfeld is open-air festivals ind.

Omega SA
Omega SA is Swiss watch manufacturer that belongs to Swatch Group companies.

Bierhübeli
Bierhübeli is a concert hall in center Berne,d.

Hakan Yakin
Hakan Yakin  is a Swiss football playerigin.

Lyss
Lyss is a municipality in district Aarberg in Canton Berne ind.

Globi
Globi is famous cartoon figures in Swissd.

Second Coming
Inity, it is believed that Jesus Christ will return for a time,ten called Rapture.

Beret
A beret is a soft, round type hat.

Premature birth
Premature birth is when a baby is born before regular end pregnancy.

Autoclave
An autoclave is a device that uses pressure to heat aqueous solutions aboveir boiling point.

Martin O'Neill
Martin Hugh Michael O'Neill, OBE is an football manager.

Jim Duffy
James Duffy  is a football player manager.

Nicotine replacementrapy
The nicotine in cigarettes other tobacco products makes people dependent.

University California, Berkeley
The University California, Berkeley  is a major university in Berkeley, California, United States.

Metadata
Metadata  is data about data, that is information about other information.

Failure rate
Failure rate is frequency with which an engineered system component fails.

Copy-on-write
Copy-on-write is a means optimisation in Computer Science.

Write Anywhere File Layout
Write Anywhere File Layout  is a file system.

Tibetan Blue Bear
The Bear Blue Bear  is a subspecies Brown Bear .

Tibetan red deer
The red deer , also known as shou, is a subspecies Central Red Deer that is native to highlands Central Asia.

Wild Goat
The wild goat  is a mammal Caprinae subfamily.

Asiatic Wildcat
The Asiatic Wildcat , also known as Steppe Wildcat Desert Cat, is a subspecies Wildcat.

Woolly Flying Squirrel
The Woolly Flying Squirrel  is a sqirrel.

Yak
The yak is a long-haired bovine, cow animal, found throughout region south Central Asia, including'smir region, Tibet as far north as Mongolia.

STV
STV is a television channel ind.

Scotsport
Scotsport is a television programme on STV ind.

BBCd
BBCd is a BBC ind.

BBC Radiod
BBC Radiod is BBCd's national language radio network.

Daily Record
The Daily Record is a newspaper printed in Glasgow.

Daily Mirror
The Daily Mirror is a newspaper.

Boiga
Boiga is ae genus mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes typically known as cat-eyed snakes just cat snakes.

Bungarus
Bungarus is a genus venomous elapid snakes found in India South-East Asia.

Common Krait
The Common Krait  is a type krait that is found in jungles sub-continent.

Daboia
Daboia is a monotypic genus venomous viper species, D.

Geoclemys hamiltonii
Black Pond turtle Spotted Pond turtle Geoclemys hamiltonii is a species turtle found in South Asia.

Atomicity
Modern database systems are governed by things about transactions called ACID principle.

Reed-Solomon error correction
Reed-Solomon error correction is an error-correcting code.

GNU Parted
GNU Parted is a free computer program for creating, destroying, resizing, checking, copyingitions, file systems onm.

Râul Mare (Strei)
The Râul Mare is a tributary Strei River inia.

Murariu River
The Murariu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Zlata River (Râul Mare)
The Zlata River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Netiş River
The Netiş River Pârâul Pietrei is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Tarniţa River (Netiş)
The Tarniţa River is a tributary Netiş River inia.

Strâmba River (Netiş)
The Strâmba River is a tributary Netiş River inia.

Bodu River
The Bodu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Valea Mare River (Râul Mare)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Continuum (album)
"Continuum" is studio album by rock musician John Mayer.

Chir Pine
The Chir Pine d after William Roxburgh, is a pine native to Himalaya.

Ulmus villosa
Ulmus villosadis ex Gamble, Cherry-bark Elm, is more distinctive Asiatic elms, a species capable remarkable longevity.

Bonciu River
The Bonciu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Sleeping Beauty
Sleeping Beauty is a classic fairy tale.

Şipotu River (Râul Mare)
The Şipotu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Pădeşel River
The Pădeşel River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Valea Jurii River
The Valea Jurii River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Transformers
Transformers are make-believe robots  that are made by a toy companyd Hasbro.

Hoatzin
The Hoatzin  is a bird are considered a relic from age dinosaurs.

Curpen River
The Curpen River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Galbena River (Strei)
The Galbena River Râul Galben Valea Galbenă River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Lacuri River
The Lacuri River is a headwater Galbena River inia.

Răchitova River
The Răchitova River is a tributary Galbena River inia.

Poieni River
The Poieni River is a headwater Galbena River inia.

Breazova River (Strei)
The Breazova River Pârâul Cracului is a tributary Galbena River inia.

Pârâul de Câmp
The Pârâul de Câmp is a tributary Galbena River inia.

Dunăreana River
The Dunăreana River is a tributary Galbena River inia.

Tasman Peninsula
Tasman Peninsula is located 75 km by road south-east Hobart, at south east corneria, Australia.

Non-player character
A non-player character is a character played by a computer.

Breaking Dawn
"Breaking Dawn" is last novel in "Twilight" series by Stephenie Meyer.

Shayne Ward
Shayne Ward is an singer.

The X Factor
The X Factor is a television programme, in whichdinary people who want to be singers compete for a recording contract a cash prize.

Cheryl Cole
Cheryl Cole is an singer a member pop group Girls Aloud.

Dannii Minogue
Danni Minogue is an pop singer, actress, presenter model.

Side project
In music, a side project is a musical project by more people who are already famous forir work in another band.

Martin
Martin , is a famous bushranger.

Saga Prefecture
Saga prefecture is an areau instern.

What Is This?
What Is This? was a rock band from Los Angeles, California.

Shanghai Worldcial Center
Theghai Worldcial Center is a high skyscraper inghai, China.

Black Mamba
The Black Mamba is an elapid type snake.

Cucumber
The cucumber  is a widely grown plant in family Cucurbitaceae.

Anne Wood
Anne Wood CBE is a children's television producer.

List Teletubbies episodes
This is a list Teletubbies episodes.

Tim Whitnall
Tim Whitnall born June 27, 1961, on Canveyd, Essex, is an actor,musician, writer who played Angelo in long-running hit CITV series "Mike Angelo".

Ciumiţa River
The Ciumiţa River is a tributary Lacuri River inia.

Valea Fierului River
The Valea Fierului River is a tributary Lacuri River inia.

Valea Negrii River (Lacuri)
The Valea Negrii River is a tributary Lacuri River inia.

Boiţa River
The Boiţa River is a tributary Răchitova River inia.

Padiş River
The Padiş River Valea Padişului River is a tributary Răchitova River inia.

Valea Celţii River
The Valea Celţii River is a tributary Padiş inia.

Vălioara River
The Vălioara River is a tributary Răchitova River inia.

Valea Floruşului River
The Valea Floruşului River is a tributary Poieni River inia.

Criva River (Poieni)
The Criva River is a tributary Poieni River inia.

Valea Răchiţelii River (Breazova)
The Valea Răchiţelii River is a tributary Breazova River inia.

The College Dropout
"The College Dropout" is debut album by rapper producer Kanye West, released February 10, 2004.

Zeicani River
Thei River is a tributary Breazova River inia.

Zlatina River
The Zlatina River is a tributary Breazova River inia.

Râuşor (Breazova)
The Râuşor Hobiţa River is a tributary Breazova River inia.

Peşteana River (Breazova)
The Peşteana River is a tributary Breazova River inia.

Odorojniţa River
The Odorojniţa River is a tributary Breazova River inia.

Ciorani River
Thei River is a tributary Odorojniţa River inia.

Valea Borii River
The Valea Borii River is a tributary Valea Răchiţelii River inia.

Boianu River
Theu River is a tributary Valea Răchiţelii River inia.

Clopotiva River
The Clopotiva River is a tributaryi River inia.

Valea cu Apă River (Ciorani)
The Valea cu Apă River is a tributaryi River inia.

Lăpuşnicul Mare River
The Lăpuşnicul Mare River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Lăpuşnicul Mic River
The Lăpuşnicul Mic River River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Peleaga River
The Peleaga River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Seventy-three
Seventy-three is a number.

Peleguţa River
The Peleguţa River is a tributary Peleaga River inia.

Fowler Ridge Wind Farm
The Fowler Ridge Wind Farm is now under construction in Benton County,a, about 90 miles northwestapolis.

Sheperds Flat Wind Farm
Approval has been given for 303 turbine Shepherds Flat Wind Farm near Arlington, Oregon.

Pampa Wind Project
T.

Cluster headache
Cluster headache is a nerve disease.

Ultimate (sport)
Ultimate  is a non-contact team sport played with a 175 gram flying disc.

Sweetwater Wind Farm
Sweetwater Wind Farm is wind farm in Texas.

New Line Cinema
New Line Cinema, founded in 1967, is major film studios.

List films released by New Line Cinema
The following is a list films produced, co-produced,/or distributed by New Line Cinema .

Iranian coup d'etat (1953)
In 1953,re was an coup d'état to remove Prime Minister, Mohammad Mossadeq, from power.

Van Diemen's Land
Van Diemen's Land was used bys for islandia.

July Ultimatum
The July Ultimatum was a Demarche issued by Austria-Hungary to Serbia at 6 pm on July 23 1914.

List tallest buildings structures in Australia
The tallest structure in Australia is Omega Navigational Mast Woodside in Woodside, Victoria.

List tallest buildings in Australia
When you measure buildings in Australia to topir spires, Q1 Tower in Gold Coast,d is tallest.

Glenrowan, Victoria
Glenrowan is a town located in north east Victoria, Australia.

List tallest buildings in Perth
This is a list tallest buildings in Perth, Australia taller than 100 metres.

List tallest buildings in Adelaide
Tallest completed buildings.

List tallest buildings in Sydney
This is a list tallest buildings in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

Dromore, County Down
Dromore is a town ind.

List tallest buildings in Melbourne
This is a list tallest skyscrapers other tall buildings  in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

Q1 (building)
Q1  is a skyscraper located on Gold Coast.

Inspiration
See also.

National Baseball Hall Fame Museum
The Baseball Hall Fame is a museum in Cooperstown, New York that shows history baseball famous baseball players other people, especially in North America.

Cooperstown, New York
Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York, USA.

Cooperstown (disambiguation)
Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York, United States.

George Clinton
George Clinton  is an musician.

Rick Rubin
Frederick Jay "Rick" Rubin  is an record producer.

John Carew
John Alieu Carew is a professional football player from Norway.

Dromore West
Dromore West  is a village in County Sligo,d.

Dromore, County Tyrone
Dromore  is a village in County Tyrone,d.

Ernest Lawrence
Ernestdo Lawrence was an physicist.

Melodic death metal
Melodic death metal is a death metal music, which is itself a style heavy metal.

Bucura River
The Bucura River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Slăvei River
The Slăvei River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Scocul Drăcşanului River
The Scocul Drăcşanului River Drăcşanu River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Scocul Albele River
The Scocul Albele River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Scocul Stănuleţilor River
The Scocul Stănuleţilor River is a tributary Scocul Albele River inia.

Rihanna (singer)
Rihanna  is an R&B Pop singer.

Adam Levine
Adam Noah Levine  is lead singer pop-rock band Maroon 5.

Berhina River
The Berhina River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Paltina River
The Paltina River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Pârâul Cascadelor
The Pârâul Cascadelor is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Izvoru River (Berhina)
The Izvoru River is a tributary Galbena de Nord River inia.

Galbena de Nord River
The Galbena de Nord River is a tributary Berhina River inia.

Galbena de Sud River
The Galbena de Sud River is a tributary Berhina River inia.

Tjako van Schie
Tjako van Schie  is a pianist composer fromds.

Zlata River (Lăpuşnicul Mare)
The Zlata River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Zănoaga River (Judele)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Judele River inia.

Zănoguţa River (Judele)
The Zănoguţa River is a tributary Judele River inia.

Judele River
The Judele River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Turcel River
The Turcel River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Vâlcelul Sugarilor River
The Vâlcelul Sugarilor River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Vâlcelul Secării River
The Vâlcelul Secării River is a tributary Lăpuşnicul Mare River inia.

Văgăuna Neagră River
The Văgăuna Neagră River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Radeşul Mare River
The Radeşul Mare River is a tributary Cârligu River inia.

Cioaca Radeşului River
The Cioaca Radeşului River is a tributary Cârligu River inia.

Cârligu River (Zlata)
The Cârligu River is a tributary Zlata River inia.

Radeşul Mic River
The Radeşul Mic River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Slipknot (album)
"Slipknot" is album by Nu metal band Slipknot.

Iowa (Slipknot album)
"Iowa" is studio album by Nu metal band Slipknot.

Gwynt y Môr Wind Farm
Gwynt y Môr is a proposed 750 MWfshore wind farm locatedf coast North Wales.

Clyde Wind Farm
The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt  wind farm in Southire,d.

All Hope Is Gone
All Hope Is Gone is studio album by metal band Slipknot.

Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm
The Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm is a wind farm under construction in Dobrogea regionia.

Scoaba Retezatului River
The Scoaba Retezatului River is a tributary Dobrunu River inia.

Rovine River
The Rovine River is a tributary Dobrunu River inia.

Bârlea River
The Bârlea River is a tributary Dobrunu River inia.

Markbygden Wind Farm
Markbygden Wind Farm will be a series interconnected wind farms in Markbygden area northern Sweden, covering 450 square kilometres.

Gemenele River
The Gemenele River is a tributary Dobrunu River inia.

Dobrunu River
The Dobrunu River is a tributary Zlata River inia.

Lănciţa River (Zlata)
The Lănciţa River Lănciţa de la Stână River is a tributary Zlata River inia.

Prundu Lănciţei River
The Prundu Lănciţei River is a tributary Lănciţa River inia.

Giful River
The River is a tributary Prundu Lănciţei River inia.

Sirius Black
Sirius Black is a fictional character in J.

Music festival
A music festival is a festival where music is played.

Last.fm
Last.fm is a musicbsite from UK.

List tallest buildings ine
These are lists tallest buildings ine,d, Australia.

Worcestershire sauce
Worcestershire sauce  is a widely used fermented sauce.

Indian massacre 1622
The massacre 1622  was an event where around 347 peoplere killed in Virginia Colony North America on Good Friday, March 22, 1622.

Fluxbox
In Unix computing, Fluxbox is an X window manager based on Blackbox 0.61.1.

Runcu River (Râul Mare)
The Runcu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Râul Căldărilor
The Râul Căldărilor is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Valea Căcurelelor River
The Valea Căcurelelor River is a tributary Râul Căldărilor inia.

Vraniţa River (Râul Mare)
Theiţa River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Batanu River
Theu River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Damn Small Linux
Damn Small Linux DSL is a free operating system for x86 family personal computers.

Valea Bozii River (Râul Mare)
The Valea Bozii River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Swamp blues
Swamp blues is a type blues music.

Book Odes (Bible)
Odes  is a book Bible that is only found in Orthodox Bibles.

1975-76 NHL season
The 1975–76 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Râuşor (Strei)
The Râuşor is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Stugariu River
The Strugariu River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Ştevia River (Râuşor)
The Ştevia River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Vălereasca River
The Vălereasca River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Ahuillé
Ahuillé is a commune 1662 people .

Alexain
Alexain is a commune 402 people .

Ambrières-les-Vallées
Ambrières-les-Vallées is a commune 2,903 people .

Ampoigné
Ampoigné is a commune 421 people .

Andouillé
Andouillé is a commune 2,310 people .

Argenton-Notre-Dame
Argenton-Notre-Dame is a commune 181 people .

Argentré
Argentré is a commune 2487 people .

Aron, Mayenne
Aron is a commune 1550 people .

Arquenay
Arquenay is a commune 508 people .

Assé-le-Bérenger
Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune 329 people .

Astillé
Astillé is a commune 547 people .

Athée, Mayenne
Athée is a commune 488 people .

Averton
Averton is a commune 601 people .

Azé, Mayenne
Azé is a commune 2,999 people .It is found in region Pays de la Loire in Mayenne department in northwestce.

La Baconnière
La Baconnière is a commune 1,194 people .

Bais, Mayenne
Bais is a commune 1487 people .

Ballée
Ballée is a commune 719 people .

Ballots, Mayenne
Ballots is a commune 1036 people .

Bannes, Mayenne
Bannes is a commune 118 people .

La Bazoge-Montpinçon
La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune 525 people .

La Bazouge-de-Chemeré
La Bazouge-de-Chemeré is a commune 443 people .

La Bazouge-des-Alleux
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune 262 people .

Bazougers
Bazougers is a commune 933 people .

Beaulieu-sur-Oudon
Beaulieu-sur-Oudon is a commune 401 people .

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf, Mayenne
Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf is a commune 198 people .

Belgeard
Belgeard is a commune 335 people .

Bierné
Bierné is a commune 665 people .

Cerna River (Râuşor)
The Cerna River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Le Bignon-du-Maine
Le Bignon-du-Maine is a commune 304 people .

La Bigottière
La Bigottière is a commune 331 people .

Comănescu River
The Comănescu River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Blandouet
Blandouet is a commune 157 people .

Valea Furciturilor River
The Valea Furciturilor River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

La Boissière, Mayenne
La Boissière is a commune 111 people .

Valea Surpeţii River
The Valea Surpeţii River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Bonchamp-lès-Laval
Bonchamp-lès-Laval is a commune 5232 people .

Nedeiţa River
The Nedeiţa River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Bouchamps-lès-Craon
Bouchamps-lès-Craon is a commune 514 people .

Bouère
Bouère is a commune 321 people .

Izvorul cu Apă River
The Izvorul cu Apă River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Bouessay
Bouessay is a commune 563 people .

Strugariu River
The Strugariu River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Boulay-les-Ifs
Boulay-les-Ifs is a commune 168 people .

Negrele River
The Negrele River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt
Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt is a commune 1537 people .

Bourgon
Bourgon is a commune 587 people .

Frăsina River
The Frăsina River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Brains-sur-les-Marches
Brains-sur-les-Marches is a commune 229 people .

Pârâul Sec (Râuşor)
The Pârâul Sec River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Brecé
Brecé is a commune 830 people .

Putina River (Râuşor)
The Putina River is a tributary Râuşor inia.

Tinker Bell (movie)
Tinker Bell is a Disney movie based on character from Peter Pan.

Sibişel River (Strei)
The Sibişel River Nucşoru River Nucşoara River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Valea Dâljii River
The Valea Dâljii River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Varu River
The Varu River is a tributary Sibişel River inia.

Woolfardisworthy, Torridge
Woolfardisworthy is a village in Torridge district in county Devon.

Stânişoara River (Sibişel)
The Stânişoara River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Pârâul lui Adam
The Pârâul lui Adam River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Pietrele River (Sibişel)
The Pietrele River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Fântânele River (Sibişel)
The Fântânele River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Apa Crângului River
The Apa Crângului River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Galeşu River
The Galeşu River is a tributary Sibişel River inia.

Valea Rea River (Galeşu)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Galeşu River inia.

Obârşia Nucşorii River
The Obârşia Nucşorii River Cheagu River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Nedeuţa River (Sibişel)
The Nedeuţa River is a tributary Obârşia Nucşorii River inia.

Benguţ River
The Benguţ River is a tributary Obârşia Nucşorii River inia.

Clanţu River
Theţu River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Seciu River (Sibişel)
The Seciu River is a tributary Sibişel inia.

Guadalcanal Campaign
Theal Campaign, also known as Battleal, was fought between August 7, 1942, February 9, 1943, in Pacificatre World War II.

Desmond Tutu
Archbishop Desmond Tutu  won Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for his work fighting apartheid in South Africa.

Happy Tree Friends
Happy Tree Friends is a TV show created by Rhode Montijo, Kenn Navarro, Warren Graff, Aubrey Ankrum.

Brée
Brée is a commune 459 people .

La Brûlatte
La Brûlatte is a commune 607 people .

Le Buret
Le Buret is a commune 255 people .It is found in region Pays de la Loire in Mayenne department in northwestce.

Carelles
Carelles is a commune 324 people .

Chailland
Chailland is a commune 1136 people .

Châlons-du-Maine
Châlons-du-Maine is a commune 572 people .

Chammes
Chammes is a commune 328 people .

Champéon
Champéon is a commune 512 people .

Champfrémont
Champfrémont is a commune 248 people .

Champgenéteux
Champgenéteux is a commune 554 people .

Changé, Mayenne
Changé is a commune 5261 people .

Chantrigné
Chantrigné is a commune 588 people .

La Chapelle-Anthenaise
La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune 865 people .

Latency
In engineering, latency is for time period that needs to be a result.

La Chapelle-au-Riboul
La Chapelle-au-Riboul is a commune 448 people .

Galois field
In abstract algebra, a finite field Galois field is a field that contains only finitely many elements.

Appliance
An appliance is a machine that only has limited functionaliy.

Mayenne
La Mayenne is a department northwestce.

Forward error correction
In telecommunications Forward error correction  is a special code.

Mayenne (river)
"For other uses, see" Mayenne  La Mayenne is a river in northwestce.

Error detection correction
Error detection correction is for a number technologies that are sure that information data is not corrupted, that it still makes sense.

Mayenne (town)
"For other uses, see" Mayenne  .

Văleni River (Niraj)
The Văleni River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Ţigla River
The Ţigla River is a tributary Nirajul Mare River inia.

Călugăreni River
The Călugăreni River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Antecedent
"I want a book that I can read".

Ark-La-Tex
The Ark-La-Tex, Arklatex, ArkLaTex is a U.S.

Central Oklahoma
Central Oklahoma is geographical for central region U.S.

Cherokee Outlet
The Cherokee Outlet, moreten Cherokee Strip, was located in is now state Oklahoma, in United States.

Cross Timbers
The Cross Timbers is a semi-savanna on southern Great Plains running from southeastern Kansas, across central Oklahoma, into central Texas.

Four State Area
The "Four State Area" is a term four corner regionsas, Kansas, Missouri Oklahoma with Joplin, Missouri Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers,sas metropolitan areas included within.

Flint Hills
The Flint Hills, historically known as Bluestem Pastures, are a band hills in eastern Kansas stretching into north-central Oklahoma.

Green Country (Oklahoma)
Located in northeast Oklahoma, Green Country is a heavily-wooded area state with many rolling hills mountains much foliage, as opposed tostern central Oklahoma, which have geography similar to rest Great Plains region United States.

Kiamichi Country
Southeastern Oklahoma, also known by itsficial tourism designation, Kiamichi Country, encompasses southeastern quarter state Oklahoma.

Northwestern Oklahoma
Northwestern Oklahoma is geographical region state Oklahoma which includes Oklahomadle, stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35, its southern extent along River to Noble County.

The Ozarks
The Ozarks  are a physiographic, geologic, cultural highland region central United States.

Oklahomadle
The Oklahomadle is extremestern region state Oklahoma, comprising Cimarron County, Texas County, Beaver County.

South Central Oklahoma
South Central Oklahoma, Arbuckle Country, asficially defined by Oklahoma Department Tourism, is an 10-county region in state Oklahoma.

Southwestern Oklahoma
Southwest Oklahoma is a geographical for southwest portion state Oklahoma,ely flat dry, southwest Oklahoma is typical Great Plains region United States.

Oklahoma! (musical)
"Oklahoma!" is a musical play performed on Broadway in 1943.

Stillwater, Oklahoma
Stillwater is a city in Payne County, Oklahoma, United States.

Enid, Oklahoma
Enid is a city in Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States.

Carlos Valderrama
Carlos Valderrama is a football player.

List cities in Oklahoma
List cities in Oklahoma, arranged in alphabeticalder.

Dino Zoff
Dino Zoff is a football player.

Listors Oklahoma
This is a list governors Oklahoma.

List people from Oklahoma
The following are people whore either born/raised have significant period time in Oklahoma.

Arrow head
Arrow heads are sharpened flintknapped stones, flakes, chips rock that are sharpened enough for tip an arrow.

Cloviss
The Clovis culture was widely spread culture in Americas.

Mound builders
Mound Builder is a general term referring tos who constructed various styles earthen mounds for burial, residential ceremonial purposes.

Francisco Vázquez de Coronado
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado y Luján (ca.

Quivira Cíbola
Quivira Cíbola are two fantastic Seven Cities Gold existing only in a myth thatiginated around year 1150 when Moors conquered Mérida, Spain.

Fort Gibson, Oklahoma
Fort Gibson is a town in Cherokee Muskogee counties in U.S.

Government Oklahoma
The government US State Oklahoma, established by Oklahoma Constitution, is a republican democracy modelled after Federal government United States.

List counties in Oklahoma
This is a list seventy-seven counties in U.S.

List regions United States
This is a list regions United States.

Politics Oklahoma
Oklahoma is a state in America.

Adair County, Oklahoma
Adair County is a county located in U.S.

Alfalfa County, Oklahoma
Alfalfa County is a county located in U.S.

Atoka County, Oklahoma
Atoka County is a county located in U.S.

Beaver County, Oklahoma
Beaver County is a county located in U.S.

Beckham County, Oklahoma
Beckham County is a county located in U.S.

Blaine County, Oklahoma
Blaine County is a county located in U.S.

Bryan County, Oklahoma
Bryan County is a county located in U.S.

Caddo County, Oklahoma
Caddo County is a county located in U.S.

Canadian County, Oklahoma
Canadian County is a county located in U.S.

Carter County, Oklahoma
Carter County is a county located in U.S.

Choctaw County, Oklahoma
Choctaw County is a county located in U.S.

Cleveland County, Oklahoma
Cleveland County is a county in central U.S.

Coal County, Oklahoma
Coal County is a county located in U.S.

Comanche County, Oklahoma
Comanche County is a county located in U.S.

The Football League
The Football League is a football league ind Wales.

The Football League 1956-57
Statistics The Football League in season 1956/1957.

The Football League 1957-58
Statistics The Football League in season 1957/1958.

The Football League 1958-59
Statistics The Football League in season 1958/1959.

The Football League 1959-60
Statistics The Football League in season 1959/1960.

The Football League 1960-61
Statistics The Football League in season 1960/1961.

The Football League 1961-62
Statistics The Football League in season 1961/1962.

The Football League 1962-63
Statistics The Football League in season 1962/1963.

The Football League 1963-64
Statistics The Football League in season 1963/1964.

The Football League 1964-65
Statistics The Football League in season 1964/1965.

The Football League 1965-66
Statistics The Football League in season 1965/1966.

The Football League 1966-67
Statistics The Football League in season 1966/1967.

The Football League 1967-68
Statistics The Football League in season 1967/1968.

The Football League 1968-69
Statistics The Football League in season 1968/1969.

The Football League 1969-70
Statistics The Football League in season 1969/1970.

The Football League 1970-71
Statistics The Football League in season 1970/1971.

The Football League 1971-72
Statistics The Football League in season 1971/1972.

The Football League 1972-73
Statistics The Football League in season 1972/1973.

The Football League 1973-74
Statistics The Football League in season 1973/1974.

Alexandra (Lykrophon)
Alexandra is a work by Greek poet Lykrohon, who is only known through this work.

Football League Second Division
Football League Second Division was old for Football League One.

Burmese boxing
The famous Boxing is called lethwei "Myanma yuya louvi" .

American kickboxing
The word kickboxing represents a sport combat striking which is practised on ring.

Franco Baresi
Franco Baresi  is a football player.

Archerfish
Archerfish  are fish.

John Piesley
John Piesley  was an bushranger.

La Chapelle-Craonnaise
La Chapelle-Craonnaise is a commune 266 people .

La Chapelle-Rainsouin
La Chapelle-Rainsouin is a commune 234 people .

Charchigné
Charchigné is a commune 396 people .

Karl Lagerfeld
Karl Lagerfeld  is a fashion designer.

Château-Gontier
Château-Gontier is a commune 11 131 people .

Châtelain, Mayenne
Châtelain is a commune 404 people .

Forbes, New South Wales
Forbes is a town in Central West New South Wales, Australia.

Châtillon-sur-Colmont
Châtillon-sur-Colmont is a commune 942 people .

Châtres-la-Forêt
Châtres-la-Forêt is a commune 641 people .

Chemazé
Chemazé is a commune 1019 people .

Chémeré-le-Roi
Chémeré-le-Roi is a commune 383 people .

Chérancé, Mayenne
Chérancé is a commune 166 people .

Chevaigné-du-Maine
Chevaigné-du-Maine is a commune 206 people .

Colombiers-du-Plessis
Colombiers-du-Plessis is a commune 514 people .

Commer, Mayenne
Commer is a commune 1091 people .

Congrier
Congrier is a commune 1036 people .

Contest, Mayenne
Contest is a commune 765 people .

Cosmes
Cosmes is a commune 273 people .

Cossé-en-Champagne
Cossé-en-Champagne is a commune 300 people .

Cossé-le-Vivien
Cossé-le-Vivien is a commune 2706 people .

Coudray, Mayenne
Coudray is a commune 839 people .

Couesmes-Vaucé
Couesmes-Vaucé is a commune 383 people .

Couptrain
Couptrain is a commune 160 people .

Courbeveille
Courbeveille is a commune 488 people .

Courcité
Courcité is a commune 992 people .

Craon, Mayenne
Craon is a commune 4659 people .

Crennes-sur-Fraubée
Crennes-sur-Fraubée is a commune 178 people .

La Croixille
La Croixille is a commune 547 people .

La Cropte
’’’La Cropte’’’ is a commune 239 people .

Cuillé
’’’Cuillé’’’ is a commune 849 people .

Daon
Daon is a commune 440 people .

Denazé
Denazé is a commune 148 people .

Désertines, Mayenne
Désertines is a commune 539 people .

Deux-Évailles
Deux-Évailles is a commune 152 people .

La Dorée
La Dorée is a commune 396 people .

Entrammes
Entrammes is a commune 2 108 people .

Épineux-le-Seguin
Épineux-le-Seguin is a commune 172 people .

Ernée
Ernée is a commune 5 793 people .

Évron
Évron is a commune 7 575 people .

Fontaine-Couverte
Fontaine-Couverte is a commune 388 people .

Forcé
Forcé is a commune 1017 people .

Fougerolles-du-Plessis
Fougerolles-du-Plessis is a commune 1566 people .

Fromentières, Mayenne
Fromentières is a commune 674 people .

Gastines
Gastines is a commune 162 people .

Le Genest-Saint-Isle
Le Genest-Saint-Isle is a commune 1907 people .

Gennes-sur-Glaize
Gennes-sur-Glaize is a commune 790 people .

Gesnes
Gesnes is a commune 174 people .

Gesvres
Gesvres is a commune 543 people .

Gorron
Gorron is a commune 2894 people .

Louis Althusser
Louis Pierre Althusser   was a Marxist philosopher.

Gareth Owen
Gareth Owen is a football player.

Gheorghe Hagi
Gheorghe Hagi is a football player.

Gordon Banks
Gordon Banks is a football player.

Carlos Sastre
Carlos Sastre Candil  is a cyclist.

Last Summer Wine
"Last Summer Wine" is a sitcom that has run longer than any other comedy show in world.

Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation  is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard on 4 October 1985 to support free software movement, a copyleft-based movement which tries to promote universal freedom to distribute modify computer software without restriction.

Bedeni River
The Bedeni River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Pârâul Mare (Niraj)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Niraj River inia.

ITS 90
The ITS 90 is international temperature scale, published in year 1990.

Hodoş River (Niraj)
The Hodoş River Hodoşa River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Vadu River
The Vadu River is a tributary Hodoş River inia.

Nude photography
Nude photography is a style art photography which wants to show naked human body as a art.

Laval, Mayenne
Laval is a commune prefecture French department Mayenne.

Moşuni River
The Moşuni River is a tributary Valea River inia.

Valea River
The Valea River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Vurpăr River
The Vurpăr River is a tributary Hârtibaciu River inia.

Erotic photography
Erotic photography is a style photography, between nude photography pornography.

Vulturul River
The Vulturul River is a tributary Tisa River inia.

Vulpoiul River
The Vulpoiul River is a tributary Bahlui River in easternia.

Veţa River
The Veţa River is a tributary Tâmpa River inia.

Pârâul Rece (Tâmpa)
The Pârâul Rece is a tributary Tâmpa inia.

Tâmpa River (Niraj)
The Tâmpa River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Maiad River
The Maiad River is a tributary Niraj River inia.

Musk Ox
Muskox  aree, long-haired, horned mammals that arell-adapted toir cold, Arctic environment.

Vulpea River
The Vulpea River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Vulpăşeşti River
The Vulpăşeşti River is a tributary Siret River inia.

Vulcez River
The Vulcez River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Valea cu Nuci River
The Valea cu Nuci River is a tributary Terebici River inia.

Terebici River
The Terebici River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Şeulia River
The Şeulia River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Cotton County, Oklahoma
Cotton County is a county located in U.S.

Sărata River (Mureş)
The Sărata River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Craig County, Oklahoma
Craig County is a county located in U.S.

Creek County, Oklahoma
Creek County is a county located in U.S.

EasyBCD
EasyBCD is a free program developed by non-profit NeoSmart Technologies tweak new Windows Vista Bootloader.

Custer County, Oklahoma
Custer County is a county located in U.S.

Delaware County, Oklahoma
Delaware County is a county located in U.S.

Loiretique
Loiretique is a department ince in region Pays de la Loire.

Interference
Intereference isthing that happens when two more waves are in same space.

Aţântiş River
The Aţântiş River Aţintiş River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Ozd River
The Ozd River is a tributary Aţântiş River inia.

Meadow
A meadow is a field vegetated primarily by grass other non-woody plants.

Dewey County, Oklahoma
Dewey County is a A county located in U.S.

Ellis County, Oklahoma
Ellis County is a county located in U.S.

Cerghid River
The Cerghid River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Garfield County, Oklahoma
Garfield County is a county located in U.S.

Garvin County, Oklahoma
Garvin County is a county located in U.S.

Grady County, Oklahoma
Grady County is a county located in U.S.

Cotuş River
The Cotuş River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Pocloş River
The Pocloş River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Iara River (Petrilaca)
The Iara River is a tributary Petrilaca River inia.

Petrilaca River
The Petrilaca River Teleac River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Battle Honey Springs
The Battle Honey Springs was an Civil War battle.

Bureau Affairs
The Bureu Affairs wased in 1824 to deal with Natives inside United States.

As Cruel As School Children
"As Cruel As School Children" is studio album by rap group "Gym Class Heroes" released in July 2006.

Cattle drives in United States
A cattle drive is process moving a herd cattle from place to another, usually moved herded by cowboys on horses.

Oklahoma Senate
The Oklahoma Senate is upper house two houses Legislature Oklahoma, lower house being Oklahoma Housentatives.

Oklahoma Housentatives
The Oklahoma Housentatives is lower house body two houses Oklahoma Legislature, other being Oklahoma Senate.

Grant County, Oklahoma
Grant County is a county located in U.S.

Greer County, Oklahoma
Greer County is a county located in U.S.

Harmon County, Oklahoma
Harmon County is a county located in U.S.

Harper County, Oklahoma
Harper County is a county located in U.S.

Haskell County, Oklahoma
Haskell County is a county located in U.S.

Hughes County, Oklahoma
Hughes County is a county located in U.S.

Jackson County, Oklahoma
Jackson County is a county located in U.S.

Jefferson County, Oklahoma
Jefferson County is a county located in U.S.

Johnston County, Oklahoma
Johnston County is a county located in U.S.

Kay County, Oklahoma
Kay County is a county located in U.S.

Kingfisher County, Oklahoma
Kingfisher County is a county located in U.S.

Nadăşa River
The Nadăşa River is a tributary Beica River inia.

Kiowa County, Oklahoma
Kiowa County is a county located in U.S.

Urisiu River
The Urisiu River is a tributary Beica River inia.

Latimer County, Oklahoma
Latimer County is a county located in U.S.

Beica River (Mureş)
The Beica River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Le Flore County, Oklahoma
Le Flore County is a county located in U.S.

Lincoln County, Oklahoma
Lincoln County is a county located in U.S.

Logan County, Oklahoma
Logan County is a county located in U.S.

Vulcăniţa River (Vulcana)
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributarya River inia.

Love County, Oklahoma
Love County is a county located in U.S.

Vulcăniţa River (Homorod)
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributary Homorod River inia.

Major County, Oklahoma
Major County is a county located in U.S.

Flobots
Flobots are an alternative rock/alternative hip hop band from Denver, Colorado.

Gdebi
Gdebi is a computer program that can install .deb packages.

Marshall County, Oklahoma
Marshall County is a county located in U.S.

McClain County, Oklahoma
McClain County is a county located in U.S.

McCurtain County, Oklahoma
McCurtain County is a county located in U.S.

McIntosh County, Oklahoma
McIntosh County is a county located in U.S.

Murray County, Oklahoma
Murray County is a county located in U.S.

Noble County, Oklahoma
Noble County is a county located in U.S.

Nowata County, Oklahoma
Nowata County is a county located in U.S.

Okfuskee County, Oklahoma
Okfuskee County is a county located in U.S.

Oklahoma County, Oklahoma
Oklahoma County is a county located in central U.S.

Okmulgee County, Oklahoma
Okmulgee County is a county located in U.S.

Osage County, Oklahoma
Osage County is county in U.S.

Ottawa County, Oklahoma
Ottawa County is a county located in U.S.

Pawnee County, Oklahoma
Pawnee County is a county located in U.S.

Payne County, Oklahoma
Payne County is a county in U.S.

Pittsburg County, Oklahoma
Pittsburg County is a county located in U.S.

Pontotoc County, Oklahoma
Pontotoc County is a county located in U.S.

Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma
Pottawatomie County is a county located in U.S.

Pushmataha County, Oklahoma
Pushmataha County is a county located in U.S.

Roger Mills County, Oklahoma
Roger Mills County is a county located in U.S.

Seminole County, Oklahoma
Seminole County is a county located in U.S.

Sequoyah County, Oklahoma
Sequoyah County is a county located in U.S.

Stephens County, Oklahoma
Stephens County is a county located in U.S.

Texas County, Oklahoma
Texas County is a county located in U.S.

Tillman County, Oklahoma
Tillman County is a county located in U.S.

Washington County, Oklahoma
Washington County is a county located in U.S.

Washita County, Oklahoma
Washita County is a county located in U.S.

English Premier League 1992-93
Statistics Premier League in season 1992/1993.

Woods County, Oklahoma
Woods County is a county located in U.S.

Woodward County, Oklahoma
Woodward County is a county located in U.S.

English Premier League 1993-94
Statistics Premier League in season 1993/1994.

English Premier League 1994-95
Statistics Premier League in season 1994/1995.

English Premier League 1995-96
Statistics Premier League in season 1995/1996.

English Premier League 1996-97
Statistics Premier League in season 1996/1997.

English Premier League 1997-98
Statistics Premier League in season 1997/1998.

English Premier League 1998-99
Statistics Premier League in season 1998/1999.

English Premier League 1999-00
Statistics Premier League in season 1999/2000.

English Premier League 2000-01
Statistics Premier League in season 2000/2001.

English Premier League 2001-02
Statistics Premier League in season 2001/2002.

English Premier League 2002-03
Statistics Premier League in season 2002/2003.

The Football League 1994-95
Statistics The Football League in season 1994/1995.

Football League Third Division
Football League Third Division was old for Football League Two.

Johnny Haynes
Johnny Haynes is a football player.

Johan Cruijff
Johan Cruijff  is a Dutch football player.

Omti Om
"Omti Om" is a 2007 Bollywood movie directed choreographed by Farah.

Javier Saviola
Javier Saviola  is an Argentine football player.

Chemoautotroph
A chemo-autotroph is anganism that puts together its ownganic compounds from simple inorganic compounds using ATP.

Wayne's World
"Wayne's World" is a 1992 comedy movie from Paramount Pictures, starring Mike Myers Dana Carvey.

Kenny
Kenny is a football player.

Luis Oliveira
Luis Oliveira is a football player.

Lachlan River
The River is an important river in central New South Wales, Australia.

Roberto Baggio
Roberto Baggio  is a football player.

Walter Winterbottom
Walter Winterbottom is a football player.

The Football League 2001-02
Statistics The Football League in season 2001/2002.

The Football League 2002-03
Statistics The Football League in season 2002/2003.

The Football League 2003-04
Statistics The Football League in season 2003/2004.

The Football League 2004-05
Statistics The Football League in season 2004/2005.

The Football League 2005-06
Statistics The Football League in season 2005/2006.

The Football League 2006-07
Statistics The Football League in season 2006/2007.

The Football League 2007-08
Statistics The Football League in season 2007/2008.

The Football League 2008-09
Statistics The Football League in season 2008/2009.

Boxing Day
Boxing Day is a public holiday in United Kingdom, Canada, Newd Australia.

The Football League 1974-75
Statistics The Football League in season 1974/1975.

The Football League 1975-76
Statistics The Football League in season 1975/1976.

Dennis Bergkamp
Dennis Bergkamp  is a Dutch football player.

Fabien Barthez
Fabien Barthez is a football player.

Civil Disobedience (Thoreau)
Civil Disobedience  is a text by Henry David Thoreau.

Osvaldo Ardiles
Osvaldo Ardiles  is a Argentine football player.

The Football League 1978-79
Statistics The Football League in season 1978/1979.

The Football League 1979-80
Statistics The Football League in season 1979/1980.

The Football League 1980-81
Statistics The Football League in season 1980/1981.

The Football League 1981-82
Statistics The Football League in season 1981/1982.

The Football League 1982-83
Statistics The Football League in season 1982/1983.

The Football League 1983-84
Statistics The Football League in season 1983/1984.

The Football League 1984-85
Statistics The Football League in season 1984/1985.

The Football League 1985-86
Statistics The Football League in season 1985/1986.

The Football League 1989-90
Statistics The Football League in season 1989/1990.

The Football League 1990-91
Statistics The Football League in season 1990/1991.

The Football League 1991-92
Statistics The Football League in season 1991/1992.

Lambing Flat
Lambing Flat was a gold field in New South Wales, Australia.

Lentil
The lentil daal pulse  is a bushy annual plant legume family.

Outdoors
Outdoors is a word that means thatthing is not in a building.

La Gravelle
La Gravelle is a commune 548 people .

Grazay
Grazay is a commune 494 people .

Grez-en-Bouère
Grez-en-Bouère is a commune 981 people .

Philadelphia Soul
The Philadelphia Soul is a football team in Arena Football League.

La Haie-Traversaine
La Haie-Traversaine is a commune 420 people .

Le Ham, Mayenne
Le Ham is a commune 422 people .

Hambers
Hambers is a commune 548 people .

Hardanges
Hardanges is a commune 245 people .

Hercé
Hercé is a commune 335 people .

Lehigh Valley Ironpigs
The Lehigh Valley Ironpigs is a minor league baseball affiliate Philadelphia Phillies.

Le Horps
Le Horps is a commune 734 people .

Gérard Dujarrier
Gerard Dujarrier is mayor in a French commune in Pays de la Loire Region Mayenne department called Le Horps.

Houssay, Mayenne
Houssay is a commune 363 people .

Counter Terrorist Unit
The Counter Terrorist Unit is a fictional counter terrorism unit on TV show 24 .

Le Housseau-Brétignolles
Le Housseau-Brétignolles is a commune 212 people .

L'Huisserie
L'Huisserie is a commune 4 499 people .

Izé
Izé is a commune 477 people .

Javron-les-Chapelles
Javron-les-Chapelles is a commune 1512 people .

Jack Bauer
Jack Bauer is main character in television series "24".

Juvigné
Juvigné is a commune 1 340 people .

Laigné
Laigné is a commune 674 people .

Christine Schürrer
Christine Schürrer,  is a criminal.

Anders Eklund
Anders Eklund, 42, is a serial killer rapist who was found guilty two murders women in 2000 Engla murder in 2008.

Kampen (Overijssel)
Kampen is a municipality a city in easternds.

Landivy
Landivy is a commune 1 286 people .

Larchamp, Mayenne
Larchamp is a commune 1017 people .

Spiro Mounds
Spiro Mounds is an archaeological site run by Oklahoma Historical Society open to public.

Lassay-les-Châteaux
Lassay-les-Châteaux is a commune 2532 people .

Laubrières
Laubrières is a commune 248 people .

Launay-Villiers
Launay-Villiers is a commune 350 people .

Lesbois
Lesbois is a commune 203 people .

Levaré
Levaré is a commune 358 people .

Lignières-Orgères
Lignières-Orgères is a commune 735 people .

Livet
Livet is a commune 111 people .

Livré
Livré is a commune 787 people .

Loigné-sur-Mayenne
Loigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune 704 people .

Loiron
Loiron is a commune 1273 people .

Longuefuye
Longuefuye is a commune 274 people .

Văleni River (Mureş)
The Văleni River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Vulcăniţa River (Şercaia)
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributary Holbav River inia.

Vulcănescu River
The Vulcănescu River is a tributary Bistriţa Aurie River inia.

Vulcanu River
Theu River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Vulcana River
Thea River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Şăuşa River
The Şăuşa River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Oroiu River
The Oroiu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Lechinţa River (Mureş)
The Lechinţa River Comlod River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Milăşelu River
The Milăşelu River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Drăculea River (Milăşelu)
The Drăculea River is a tributary Milăşelu River inia.

Ghemeş River
The Ghemeş River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Şopteriu River
The Şopteriu River Valea Mare River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Ulieş River
The Ulieş River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Urmeniş River (Lechinţa)
The Urmeniş River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

1968-69 NHL season
The 1968–69 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Loire River
The Loire River is longest river ince.

Gulliver's Travels
"Gulliver's Travels" is a 1726 book by Swift.

Chilbucuţ River
The Chilbucuţ River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Massif Central
The Massif Central is a range mountains in southce.

Fântâniţa River (Chilbucuţ)
The Fânâniţa River is a tributary Chilbucuţ River inia.

Icland River
Thed River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Şincai River
The Şincai River is a tributary Lechinţa River inia.

Pârâul de Câmpie
The Pârâul de Câmpie River - also known as Luduş River Zau de Câmpie River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Furius ISO Mount
Furius ISO Mount is a program to mount burn iso files.

Tiktaalik
Tiktaalik  is a genus extinct sarcopterygian  fish from late period, with many features akin to tetrapods .

Game (food)
Game is any animal not normally domesticated .

Wildflower
A wildflower  is a flower that grows wild, meaning it was not seeded planted by humans.

Matca River (Pârâul de Câmpie)
The Matca River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Ciciana Mare River
Thea Mare River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Polarity
Chemical polarity is a feature chemical bonds, where two different atoms in same molecule have different electronegativity.

Şesu River
The Şesu River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Bologa River
The Bologa River is a tributary Şesu River inia.

Johnny Shines
Johnny Shines  was an blues singer guitarist.

Oklahoma State University
Oklahoma State University is a public university located in Stillwater, Oklahoma.

Mexico, Illinois
Mexico  is an unincorporated community, in Cook County, Illinois.

Oregon Trail
Pioneers traveled across Oregon Trail, main overland migration routes on North continent, in wagons inder to settle news United States America during century.

Emancipation Proclamation
Thecipation Proclamation by Abraham Lincoln was celebrated as proclamation that freed slaves, but it did not.

Brooklyn Bridge
The Brooklyn Bridge, oldest suspension bridges in United States, stretches 5,989 feet  over East River connecting New York City boroughs Brooklyn.

Shelf life
Food cannot be kept forever.

Red card
A Red card in sport is a punishment to a player.

WWE Women'sip
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Women'sip is anficial championship in World Wrestling Entertainment divas.

KWord
KWord is a free word processor, a KOffice project K Desktop Environment.

1964-65 NHL season
The 1964–65 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Nation Islam
The Nation Islam is a religious group.

World Tag Teamip (WWE)
The World Tag Teamip is a professional wrestling tag team championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.

WrestleMania III
WrestleMania III was yearlyia professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Federation .

Răzoare River
The Răzoare River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Frata River
The Frata River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Valea Botei Mari River
The Valea Botei Mari River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Valea lui River
The Valea lui River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Valea Morii River (Pârâul de Câmpie)
The Valea Morii River is a tributary Pârâul de Câmpie inia.

Vucova River
The Vucova River is a tributary Şurgani River inia.

Vruseasca River
The Vruseasca River is a tributary Ciuma River inia.

Vraniu River
Theiu River is a tributary Ciclova River inia.

Vraniţa River (Crişul Negru)
Theiţa River Valea Cuţitelor River Valea Cutiilor River is a tributary Cusuiuş River inia.

Vraniţa River (Bâlta)
Theiţa River is a tributary Bâlta River inia.

Valea Fânaţelor River (Mureş)
The Valea Fânaţelor River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Cuieşd River
The Cuieşd River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Berghia River
The Berghia River is a tributary Cuieşd River inia.

Budiu River
The Budiu River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Iceni River
The Iceni River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Arthur Mutambara
Arthur Guseni Oliver Mutambara  is a politician.

Ercea River
The Ercea River Lefaia River is a tributary Şar River inia.

Moişa River (Mureş)
The Moişa River is a tributary Şar River inia.

Kill 'Em All
"Kill 'Em All" is thrash metal band Metallica's album.

Şar River (Mureş)
The Şar River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Lucy Lawless
Lucilleces  is a Newd actress.

Raccoon (disambiguation)
A raccoon  is a mammal native to Americas.

Main Page/Article 6
Oklahoma is a state that is in southern Central United States.

Red Army Faction
The Red Army Faction RAF , was postwar Westy's active prominent militant left-wing groups.

Large Hadron Collider
The Large Hadron Collider  is world's highest-energyicle accelerator, subatomicicles called hadrons moving in opposite ways at up to 99.9999991% speed light hit each other.

Self-Monitoring, Analysis Reporting Technology
Self-Monitoring, Analysis, Reporting Technology, S.M.A.R.T.

Uncomplicated Firewall
Uncomplicated Firewall is a firewall for host-based iptables firewall configuration.

Good Morning (Kanye West song)
"Good Morning" is a single on Kanye West's studio album "Graduation".

Loupfougères
Loupfougères is a commune 368 people .

Louverné
Louverné is a commune 3 538 people .

Louvigné
Louvigné is a commune 774 people .

Madré
Madré is a commune 356 people .

Maisoncelles-du-Maine
Maisoncelles-du-Maine is a commune 400 people .

Marcillé-la-Ville
Marcillé-la-Ville is a commune 740 people .

Marigné-Peuton
Marigné-Peuton is a commune 487 people .

Martigné-sur-Mayenne
Martigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune 1 309 people .

Mée, Mayenne
Mée is a commune 171 people .

Ménil
Ménil is a commune 785 people .

Méral
Méral is a commune 913 people .

Meslay-du-Maine
Meslay-du-Maine is a commune 2 616 people .

Mézangers
Mézangers is a commune 700 people .

Montaudin
Montaudin is a commune 914 people .

Montenay
Montenay is a commune 1 399 people .

Montflours
Montflours is a commune 204 people .

Montigné-let
Montigné-let is a commune 1 234 people .

Montjean, Mayenne
Montjean is a commune 797 people .

Montourtier
Montourtier is a commune 304 people .

Montreuil-Poulay
Montreuil-Poulay is a commune 414 people .

Montsûrs
Montsûrs is a commune 2 020 people .

Moulay
Moulay is a commune 907 people .

Neau
Neau is a commune 712 people .

Neuilly-le-Vendin
Neuilly-le-Vendin is a commune 426 people .

Niafles
Niafles is a commune 287 people .

Nuillé-sur-Vicoin
Nuillé-sur-Vicoin is a commune 1 184 people .

Oisseau
Oisseau is a commune 1 101 people .

Olivet, Mayenne
Olivet is a commune 381 people .

Origné
Origné is a commune 278 people .

La Pallu
La Pallu is a commune 160 people .

Predictive Failure Analysis
Predicive failure analysis is a technology developed by IBM to monitorlihood a hard disk failure.

Advanced Technology Attachment
Theced Technology Attachment with Packet Interface  is a way to connect storage devices, such as Hard disks, solid-state drives, CD-ROM drives inside personal computers.

Serial Attached SCSI
Serial Attached SCSI  is a technology data to from computer storage devices such as hard drives tape drives.

All Greatest Hits
All Greatest Hits is an album from band McFly.

The Judas Kiss
The Judas Kiss is singlef album by rock band Metallicafir ninth studio album Death Magnetic.

Death Magnetic
"Death Magnetic" is ninth hit studio album by thrash metal band Metallica.

Taggedd Queuing
Taggedd Queueing  is a technology that allows to send multiple read write requests to a hard drive simultaneously.

Natived Queuing
Natived Queuing  is a technology performance SATA hard disks.

Serial Storage Architecture
Serial Storage Architecture is a technology hard disks to Servers.

Fibrenel
Fibrenel, FC is an architecture (and a set protocols to attach disk drives to computers, in a Storage Area Network.

Parigné-sur-Braye
Parigné-sur-Braye is a commune 624 people .

Parné-sur-Roc
Parné-sur-Roc is a commune 1 157 people .

Le Pas
Le Pas is a commune 515 people .

La Pellerine, Mayenne
La Pellerine is a commune 291 people .

Peuton
Peuton is a commune 211 people .

Placé
Placé is a commune 326 people .

Pommerieux
Pommerieux is a commune 589 people .

Pontmain
Pontmain is a commune 893 people .

Port-Brillet
Port-Brillet is a commune 1 814 people .

Préaux, Mayenne
Préaux is a commune 156 people .

Pré-en-Pail
Pré-en-Pail is a commune 2 128 people .

Quelaines-Saint-Gault
Quelaines-Saint-Gault is a commune 1 739 people .

Ravigny
Ravigny is a commune 198 people .

Renazé
Renazé is a commune 2 791 people .

Rennes-en-Grenouilles
Rennes-en-Grenouilles is a commune 105 people .

Le Ribay
Le Ribay is a commune 473 people .

La Roë
La Roë is a commune 241 people .

La Rouaudière
La Rouaudière is a commune 333 people .

Ruillé-Froid-Fonds
Ruillé-Froid-Fonds is a commune 496 people .

Ruillé-le-Gravelais
Ruillé-le-Gravelais is a commune 619 people .

Sacé
Sacé is a commune 320 people .

Saint-de-Couptrain
Saint-de-Couptrain is a commune 360 people .

Saint-sur-Roë
Saint-sur-Roë is a commune 926 people .

Saint-Aubin-du-Désert
Saint-Aubin-du-Désert is a commune 236 people .

Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain
Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain is a commune 252 people .

Saint-Baudelle
Saint-Baudelle is a commune 1 005 people .

Saint-Berthevin
Saint-Berthevin is a commune 6 909 people .

Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière
Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière is a commune 384 people .

Saint-Brice, Mayenne
Saint-Brice is a commune 487 people .

Saint-Calais-du-Désert
Saint-Calais-du-Désert is a commune 318 people .

Saint-Céneré
Saint-Céneré is a commune 459 people .

Saint-Charles-la-Forêt
Saint-Charles-la-Forêt is a commune 190 people .

Saint-Christophe-du-Luat
Saint-Christophe-du-Luat is a commune 553 people .

Saint-Cyr-en-Pail
Saint-Cyr-en-Pail is a commune 441 people .

Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais
Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais is a commune 474 people .

Saint-Denis-d'Anjou
Saint-Denis-d'Anjou is a commune 1 337 people .

Saint-Denis-de-Gastines
Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune 1 683 people .

Saint-Denis-du-Maine
Saint-Denis-du-Maine is a commune 307 people .

Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert
Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert is a commune 930 people .

Saint-Ellier-du-Maine
Saint-Ellier-du-Maine is a commune 465 people .

Sainte-Marie-du-Bois, Mayenne
Sainte-Marie-du-Bois is a commune 210 people .

Saint-Erblon, Mayenne
Saint-Erblon is a commune 166 people .

Saintene, Mayenne
Saintene is a commune 1 020 people .

Saint-Fort
Saint-Fort is a commune 1 571 people .

Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières
Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières is a commune 904 people .

Saint-Georges-Buttavent
Saint-Georges-Buttavent is a commune 1 391 people .

Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard
Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard is a commune 288 people .

Saint-Georges-sur-Erve
Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune 342 people .

Saint-Germain-d'Anxure
Saint-Germain-d'Anxure is a commune 274 people .

Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer
Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer is a commune 393 people .

Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux
Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux is a commune 670 people .

Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume
Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume is a commune 410 people .

Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine
Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine is a commune 664 people .

Saint-sur-Erve
Saint-sur-Erve is a commune 489 people .

Saint-sur-Mayenne
Saint-sur-Mayenne is a commune 1 196 people .

Saint-Julien-du-Terroux
Saint-Julien-du-Terroux is a commune 232 people .

Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers
Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers is a commune 188 people .

Saint-Léger, Mayenne
Saint-Léger is a commune 231 people .

Saint-Loup-du-Dorat
Saint-Loup-du-Dorat is a commune 335 people .

Saint-Loup-du-Gast
Saint-Loup-du-Gast is a commune 305 people .

Saint-Mars-du-Désert, Mayenne
Saint-Mars-du-Désert is a commune 169 people .

Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont
Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune 435 people .

Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie
Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie is a commune 623 people .

Saint-Martin-de-Connée
Saint-Martin-de-Connée is a commune 420 people .

Saint-Martin-du-Limet
Saint-Martin-du-Limet is a commune 493 people .

Saint-Michel-de-Feins
Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a commune 136 people .

Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë
Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë is a commune 210 people .

Saint-Ouën-des-Toits
Saint-Ouën-des-Toits is a commune 1 435 people .

Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons
Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons is a commune 174 people .

Saint-Pierre-des-Landes
Saint-Pierre-des-Landes is a commune 946 people .

Saint-Pierre-des-Nids
Saint-Pierre-des-Nids is a commune 1 712 people .

Saint-Pierre-la-Cour
Saint-Pierre-la-Cour is a commune 1,838 people .

Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve
Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune 138 people .

Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe
Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe is a commune 531 people .

Saint-Poix
Saint-Poix is a commune 393 people .

Saint-Quentin-les-Anges
Saint-Quentin-les-Anges is a commune 376 people .

Saint-Samson, Mayenne
Saint-Samson is a commune 334 people .

Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet
Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune 546 people .

Saint-Sulpice, Mayenne
Saint-Sulpice is a commune 188 people .

Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers
Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune 246 people .

Saulges
Saulges is a commune 328 people .

La Selle-Craonnaise
La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune 882 people .

Senonnes
Senonnes is a commune 325 people .

Simplé
Simplé is a commune 256 people .

Soucé
Soucé is a commune 180 people .

Soulgé-sur-Ouette
Soulgé-sur-Ouette is a commune 1 073 people .

Thorigné-en-Charnie
Thorigné-en-Charnie is a commune 162 people .

Thubœuf
Thubœuf is a commune 231 people .

Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie
Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie is a commune 737 people .

Trans, Mayenne
Trans is a commune 238 people .

Vaiges
Vaiges is a commune 1 151 people .

Vautorte
Vautorte is a commune 573 people .

Vieuvy
Vieuvy is a commune 115 people .

Villaines-la-Juhel
Villaines-la-Juhel is a commune 3,179 people .

Villepail
Villepail is a commune 205 people .

Villiers-Charlemagne
Villiers-Charlemagne is a commune 959 people .

Vimarcé
Vimarcé is a commune 236 people .

Voutré
Voutré is a commune 821 people .

Walt
Walter William  was a Major League Baseball player.

Săcal River
The Săcal River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Râpa River (Mureş)
The Râpa River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Voşlăbeni River
The Voşlăbeni River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Vorumloc River
The Vorumloc River is a tributary Târnava Mare River inia.

Voroveşti River
The Voroveşti River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Voroneţ River
The Voroneţ River is a tributary Moldova River inia.

Vorniceasa River
The Vorniceasa River is a tributary Săvescu River inia.

Valea Sterinoasă River
The Valea Sterinoasă River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Gesele River
The Gesele River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Bistra River (Mureş)
The Bistra River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Valea din Mijloc River
The Valea din Mijloc River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Pârâul Rece (Bistra)
The Pârâul Rece is a tributary Valea din Mijloc River inia.

Pârâul Cald (Bistra)
The Pârâul Cald is a headwater Valea din Mijloc River inia.

Stega River (Bistra)
The Stega River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Zăpodea cu Podul River
The Zăpodea cu Podul River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Zăpodea cu Cale River
The Zăpodea cu Cale River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Bidireasa River
The Bidireasa River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Cofu River
The Cofu River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Doncea River
The Doncea River Donca River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Middleconia
Middleconia is a government region Free State Bavaria.

Charlotte's Web
"Charlotte's Web" is a children's book by author E.

Uranus-crosser asteroid
Aus-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whosebit crosses thatus.

Orne
The Orne  is a department ince.

Carly Colón
Carlos Edwin "Carly" Colón, Jr.

Gălăoaia Mică River
The Gălăoaia Mică River is a headwater Gălăoaia River inia.

Gălăoaia Mare River
The Gălăoaia Mare River is a headwater Gălăoaia River inia.

Gălăoaia River
The Gălăoaia River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Jişa River
The Jişa River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Răstoliţa River
The Răstoliţa River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Secu River (Răstoliţa)
The Secu River is a tributary Răstoliţa River inia.

Tihul River (Răstoliţa)
The Tihul River is a tributary Răstoliţa River inia.

Pârâul Mijlociu (Răstoliţa)
The Pârâul Mijlociu is a tributary Tihul River inia.

Bradu River (Răstoliţa)
The Bradu River is a tributary Răstoliţa River inia.

Frăsinet River (Răstoliţa)
The Frăsinet River is a tributary Bradu River inia.

Creanga River (Răstoliţa)
Thega River is a tributary Bradu River inia.

Valcăliţa River
The Valcăliţa River is a tributary Răstoliţa inia.

NBA All-Star Game
The NBA All-Star Game is an NBA game in which players in Conference with players in Conference.

National Hockey League All-Star Game
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is an exhibition ice hockey game that traditionally marks midway point National Hockey League's regular season.

1967 NHLsion
The National Hockey League nt through an expansion for 1967–68 NHL season, adding six new franchises doubling size league.

Biblical manuscript
A Biblical manuscript is any handwritten copy a portion text Bible.

Districtsd
The districtsd are a level subdivisionsd local government.The local government districtsre created in 1894 by Localment Act 1894 which created urban districts rural districts as sub-divisions counties .

Jug band
A jug band is a band that has a jug player a variety home-made instruments.

Zăpodia River (Secu)
The Zăpodia River is a tributary Secu River inia.

Porcu River (Secu)
The Porcu River is a tributary Secu River inia.

Scurtu River (Secu)
The Scurtu River is a tributary Secu River inia.

Steve Carell
Steven John "Steve" Carell  is an actor, producer writer.

Qutb-ud-din Aibak
Qutb-ud-din Aibak was a ruler Mamluk dynasty Delhiate.

Muhammad Ghor
Muhammad Ghor was a governor general under Ghorid dynasty.

Vince Vaughn
Vincent Anthony "Vince" Vaughn  is an film actor.

Owen Wilson
Owen Cunningham Wilson  is an Academy Award-nominated actor writer.

Luke Wilson
Luke Cunningham Wilson  is an film actor.

Seth Rogen
Seth Rogen  is a actor, comedian, writer film producer.

John C. Reilly
John Christopher Reilly  is an Academy Award- two-time Golden Globe-nominated actor.

Rainn Wilson
Rainn Dietrich Wilson  is an Emmy-nominated Screen Actors Guild Award-winning actor.

The Office (U.S. TV series)
"The Office" is a Golden Globe, Emmy Peabody Award-winning television sitcom airing on National Broadcastingy  developed by Greg Daniels.

Kevin James
Kevin James  is an comedian Emmy Award-nominated actor, perhaps known for his portrayal lead character Doug on television sitcom "The King Queens".

Mark Hamill
Mark Richard Hamill  is an actor, comedian voice actor.

List cities ince
List all major cities ince  .

Whitey Wistert
Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert  was an football baseball player.

Brest,ce
Brest is a town ince.

St John's Innovation Centre
St John's Innovation Centre  is a famous company which helps companies to grow.

St John's College, Cambridge
St John's College is a college University Cambridge.

Cambridge Science Park
The Cambridge Science Park was started by Trinity College, Cambridge in 1970.

Lauterpacht Centre forational Law
The Lauterpacht Centre forational Law  at Faculty Law, Cambridge,d, was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu Lauterpacht under The Research Centre forational Law.

Hersch Lauterpacht
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht  was a member United Nations'ational Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 a Judgeational Court Justice from 1955 to 1960.

Painesville, Ohio
Painesville is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States, alongd River .

College Football Hall Fame
The College Football Hall Fame, located in South Bend,a, United States, is a hall fame museum football.

Solid mechanics
Solid mechanics is branch mechanics, physics, mathematics that concerns itself with how solid matter under external actions works .

Chicago Police Department
The Chicago Police Department, also known as CPD, is main law enforcement agency City Chicago, Illinois, in United States, under jurisdiction city mayor.

Kedari
Kedari  is a philosopher writer.

Lady Margaret Beaufort
Lady Margaret Beaufort  House Lancaster was mother King Henry VIId grandmother Henry VIII.

Chicago Tribune Silver Football
The Chicago Tribune Silver Football is awarded by "Chicago Tribune" to college football player chosen to be Most Valuable Player Big Ten Conference.

Science park
A science park is a property designed high tech, science, research related businesses.

Oxbridge
Oxbridge is a word that is University Oxford University Cambridge ind.

Nîmes
Nîmes is a city in southce is in Languedoc-Roussillon region.

Lieutenant
At is anficer rank in army.

Trinity College, Cambridge
Trinity College is a college University Cambridge in Cambridge,d.

Al Wistert
Albertder "Ox" Wistert  is a All-Pro football player.

Alvin Wistert
Alvin "Moose" Wistert  was an Football player.

The Detroit News
"The Detroit News" is two major newspapers in U.S.

John Kowalik
Janusz “John” Kowalik  was a football striker.

Veteran
A veteran  is a person who is experienced in a certain area .

Besançon
Besançon is a town ince.

Mulhouse
Mulhouse dates back to XIIth century.

Boulognecourt
Boulognecourt  is a town instern suburbs Paris ince.

Perpignan
Perpignan is a town in southce about 106,000 people .

Murrurundi, New South Wales
Murrurundi is a country town located in Upper Hunter Valley New South Wales.

Roubaix
Roubaix is a city in northce, in Nord département Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.

Pau,ce
Pau is an town in Aquitaine région in southce.

John Dunn
John Dunn  was an bushranger.

Gianfranco Zola
Gianfranco Zola OBE  is a retired footballer, who is now manager West Ham United F.C.

Asnières-sur-Seine
Asnières-sur-Seine is a town ince near Paris.

Fort-dece
Fort-dece is capitalce's département d'outre-mer Martinique.

Drake Bell
Drake Bell  is an actor, singer, director guitarist.

Saffron
Saffron   is a spice made from stigma flower saffron plant.

Phineas Ferb
"Phineas Ferb" is an animated television program produced by Disney.

TobyMac
Kevin Michael "Toby" , better known as tobyMac, is all known singer from band dcTalk.

DcTalk
dc Talk is all know rock/rap band, famous for its song Jesus Freak.

Argenteuil
Argenteuil is a town northwest Paris,ce.

Colombes
Colombes is a town in northwest suburbs Paris,ce.

Virgin birth Jesus
What is known as Virgin birth Jesus is a belief held bys Muslims.

Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis
Montreuil is a town in east suburbs Paris,ce.

Tourcoing
Tourcoing is a town in Nord department Nord-Pas de Calais region ince.

ReLoad
ReLoad is an album by Metallica.

Consensus
Consensus has two common meanings.

Grantland Rice
Grantland Rice  was an early century sports-writer.

Chuck Bernard
Joseph Charles "Chuck" Bernard  was a professional football center who Lions in 1934 was a two-time All at University.

Saint-Denis
Saint-Denis is a city "commune" in north suburbs Paris,ce.

University Minnesota
The University Minnesota, Twin Cities  is oldest University Minnesota system.

Minnesota Golden Gophers
The Minnesota Golden Gophers are college sports team for University Minnesota.

Dixie
William 'Dixie', simply known as Dixie was an football player.

Harry Kipke
Harry G.

Sentence (law)
In law, a sentences final act a judge-ruled process.

Interstate 82
Interstate 82  is a 143.58-mile long Interstate Highway in statesington Oregon.

Wes Welker
Wesley Carter Welker  is an football wide receiver for Newd Patriots National Football League.

Izişoara River
The Izişoara River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Food coloring
A food coloring is any substance that is drink to change its color.

Vornic River
The Vornic River is a tributary Bârzava River inia.

Vonţ River
The Vonţ River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Varsity letter
A varsity letter  is an award in United States for excellence in school activities.

Volovăţ River (Prut)
The Volovăţ River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Voivodeni River (Ialomiţa)
The Voivodeni River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Voivodeni River (Almaş)
The Voivodeni River is a tributary Dragu River inia.

Free content
Free content, free information, is any work, artwork, other creative content having not a lot legal restriction to people's freedom to use changed versions works from content.

Valea Teilor River
The Valea Teiului River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Ted Petoskey
Frederick Lee "Ted" Petoskey  was a three-sport athlete at University.

Pârâul Repede (Iza)
The Pârâul Repede is a tributary Iza River inia.

Valea Carelor River
The Valea Carelor River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Interstate 5
Interstate 5  is a 1,381.29-mile long Interstate Highway in states California, Oregon,ington.

Bistriţa River (Iza)
The Bistriţa River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Earned run average
In baseball statistics, earned run average  is mean earned runs given up by a pitcher per nine innings pitched.

Interstate 90
Interstate 90  is a 3099.07-mile long Interstate Highway in statesington, Idaho,a, Wyoming, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois,a, Ohio,ia, New York, Massachusetts.

Valea Largă River (Iza)
The Valea Largă River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Băleasa River (Iza)
The Băleasa River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Washington State Departmentsportation
Theington State Departmentsportation  is governmentington about roads, railroads, ferries, airports, other ways to get around.

Bogleasa River
The Bogleasa River is a tributary Băleasa River inia.

Body-painting
Body-painting  is a art.

Valea Gropilor River (Iza)
The Valea Gropilor River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Voiteg River
The Voiteg River Valea Seacă River Matei River is a tributary Lanca Birda River inia.

Voislava River
The Voislava River is a tributary Jieţ inia.

Voiniceşti River
The Voiniceşti River is a tributary Oltişor River inia.

Materpiscis
Materpiscis  is a genus pyctodontid placoderm drom Late from 380 million years old.

Chevy Chase
Corneliuse “Chevy” Chase  is an Emmy Award-winning comedian, writer, television film actor.

Diprotodon
Diprotodon was marsupial that ever lived.

Tahlequah, Oklahoma
Tahlequah  is a city in Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States located at foot hills Ozark Mountains.

Russo War
the Russo War was a war between Empire Empire.

Goodison Park
Goodison Park is stadium football club Everton FC.

Wikileaks
Wikileaks is absite that publishes anonymous submissions leaks sensitive governmental, corporate, religious documents, while taking measures to preserve anonymity untraceability its contributors.

Eugowra, New South Wales
Eugowra is a town in centralst New South Wales, Australia.

Californication (album)
"Californication" is studio album by alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Dan Kelly
Dan Kelly  was youngest brotherger Ned Kelly.

By Way
"By Way" is studio album by alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Stadium Arcadium
"Stadium Arcadium" is ninth studio album by alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.

KSpread
KSpread is a free software spreadsheet program that is KOffice, anfice suite for KDE Desktop Environment.

Luxembourg (Belgium)
It has been suggested that text below be merged into  "Luxembourg " page.

Nanterre
Nanterre is a town inst suburbs Paris,ce.

Créteil
Créteil is a town in southeast suburb Paris,ce.

IWork
iWork is a suite programs created by Apple Inc., containing Pages, a word processing desktop publishing program, Keynote, a presentation package Numbers, a spreadsheet program.

KPresenter
KPresenter is a free presentation program that is KOffice, anfice suite for KDE Desktop Environment.

Voineşti River (Tutova)
The Voineşti River is a tributary Tutova River inia.

Voineşti River (Bahlui)
The Voineşti River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Aulnay-sous-Bois
Aulnay-sous-Bois is a town commune in northeast suburb Paris,ce.

Voineşiţa River
The Voineşiţa River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Vitry-sur-Seine
Vitry-sur-Seine is a town commune located in southest suburb Paris,ce.

Voinegel River (Voineşiţa)
The Voinegel River is a tributary Rânjeu River inia.

Distrito Nacional
The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision Republic enclosing capital Santo Domingo, so it is not in any provinces.

Duarte Province
Duarte is a province Republic.

Jamie Noble
James Gibson  better known by his ring Jamie Noble, is an professional wrestler.

Paul London
Paul Sanchez-Garcia London  is an professional wrestler.

Sean Morley
Sean Allen Morley  perhaps known by his ring Val Venis, is a professional wrestler.

I Don't Care
"I Don't Care" is singlef album by Fall Out Boy, "Folie à Deux".

Joyni
Joyni  is an actress, glamour model, WWE Diva.

Youngstown, New York
Youngstown is a village in Niagara County, New York, USA.

Barney Dreyfuss
Bernhard "Barney" Dreyfuss  was a executive in Major League Baseball who owned Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932.

Băloasa River
The Băloasa River Baloşul River is a tributary Râul Lung inia.

Brother Bear 2
Brother Bear 2 is a Disney animated movie, made in 2006 a sequel to Disney's other animated feature film, Brother Bear.

The Geysers
The Geysers, a geothermal power field located 72 miles  north Sancisco, California, is geothermal development in world.

Serbian Dinar
Dinar isficial currency in Serbia, Strpce province in Kosovo in North Kosovo.

Avenel, Victoria
Avenel is a town in Victoria, Australia.

One Hot Minute
"One Hot Minute" is studio album by alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Greta, Victoria
Greta is a town in Victoria, Australia.

All We Know is Falling
All know is falling is debut album by Pop rock band Paramore It was released in summer 2005.

Voineasa Mare River
The Voineasa Mare River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Voievodeasa River (Topliţa)
The Voievodeasa River  is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Vodiţa River
The Vodiţa River is a tributary Danube inia.

Alan Ball
Alan Ball was an world cup winning football player.

Vlăşinescu River
The Vlăşinescu River is a tributary Runcu River inia.

Vlăsia Mică River
The Vlăsia Mică River is a headwater Vlăsia River inia.

Vlăsia Mare River
The Vlăsia Mare River is a headwater Vlăsia River inia.

Vlăsia River (Rădoteasa)
The Vlăsia River is a tributary Rădoteasa River inia.

Sălătruc River (Râul Şes)
The Sălătruc River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Bloju River
The Bloju River is a tributary Râul Şes inia.

Râul Lung (Timiş)
The Râul Lung Pârâul Lung Feneş River is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Lupu River
The Lupu River is a tributary Râul Lung inia.

Leordiş River
The Leordiş River is a tributary Râul Lung inia.

Good Life (Kanye West song)
Good Life is a rap single by Kanye West featuring T-Pain.

Drăganu River
The Drăganu River is a tributary Râul Lung inia.

Corbu River (Râul Lung)
The Corbu River is a tributary Râul Lung inia.

Cioara River (Râul Lung)
The Cioara River is a tributary Râul Lung inia.

Hididel River
The Hididel River Hidigel River Hidegel River is a tributary Râul Rece inia.

Râul Rece
The Râul Rece Hideg River Pârâul Rece is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Visa River
The Visa River is a tributary Râul Rece inia.

Open block
The "open block" is a problem described in ' by Edward de Bono, published in 1973.

Vlăsia River (Ialomiţa)
The Vlăsia River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Lateral Thinking
Lateral thinking is a term invented by Edward de Bono, a psychologist, physician writer.

Period (physics)
A period is time wave to pass a given point.

Edward de Bono
Edward de Bono  is a physician, author, inventor, consultant.

Quoll
Quoll  are carnivorous marsupials native to Australia Papua New Guinea.

Anesthesiologist
The Anesthesiologist was John Snow .

Wind power in United States
Wind power in United States is a growing industry.

Necromancy
Necromancy is a divination in which a person tries to summon spirits dead.

Tarot
The tarot  are a set seventy-eight cards, comprising twenty-one trump cards, Fool, four suits fourteen cards each four Face cards.

Franciswood, Baron le Despencer
Franciswood, Baron le Despencer  was an rake politician.

Demonology
Demonology is study demons beliefs about demons.

Megalania
"Megalania"  was a giant monitor lizard in southern Australia during last 2 million to 40,000 years.

Pierre Boulle
Pierre Boulle  was a French writer.

The Fool (Tarot card)
The Fool The Jester is 78 cards in a Tarot deck.

Majora
The Majora  are twenty two tarot cards in a deck 78.

Americanational Group
Americanational Group, Inc.

Tokyo Stockge
The, TSE, located in Tokyo,, is stock exchange market in world by market value, only to New York Stockge.

Fratton Park
Fratton Park is a football stadium ind.

List Premier League stadiums
The following is a list current stadiums in Premier League as 2008/2009 season.

Boleyn Ground
The Boleyn Ground,ten called Upton Park is a football stadium in London,d.

City Manchester Stadium
The City Manchester Stadium,times known asds, is a stadium in Manchester,d.

Craven Cottage
Craven Cottage is a football stadium in Hammersmith area London,d.

Emirates Stadium
The Emirates Stadium is a football stadium in London,d.

Emirates (airline)
Emirates is an airline based in United Arab Emirates.

Ewood Park
Ewood Park is a football stadium in Blackburn,d.

Crushcrushcrush
Crushcrushcrush is a single released by Pop rock band Paramore fromir album RIOT! In music video you can see band performing.

Beechworth, Victoria
Beechworth  is a town in north-east Victoria, Australia., It was settled in gold rush mid-1850s.

Hallelujah (Paramore song)
"Hallelujah" is a song released by Fueled by Ramen band Paramore it is trackfir album RIOT! .

Collector, New South Wales
Collector is a village in New South Wales, Australia.

Kivio
In computing, Kivio is a free diagramming software that is KOffice, anfice suite for KDE.

Diagramming software
Diagramming software is a computer program that is graphical diagrams.

Ottakring
Ottakring is district Vienna.

Heuriger
Heuriger is a word that describes wine current year, places who serve it.

Intertidal zone
Intertidal zones are coastal areas.

St James' Park
St James' Park is a football stadium in Newcastle,d.

Villa Park
Villa Park is a football stadium in Birmingham,d.

JJB Stadium
The JJB Stadium is a football stadium in near Manchester ind.

White Hart Lane
White Hart Lane is a football stadium in London,d.

Hawthorne Heights
Hawthorne Heights are an Emo band.

Stadium Light
The Stadium Light is a football stadium near Newcastle,d.

Lungfish
Lungfish are special freshwater fish.

Gârbova Mare River
The Gârbova Mare River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Vlăduşca River (Râul Mare)
The Vlăduşca River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Cellobiose
Cellobiose is a sugar.

Vlăduşca River (Bârsa Tămaşului)
The Vlăduşca River is a tributary Bârsa Tămaşului River inia.

Vlădila River
The Vlădila River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Vlădiceni River
The Vlădiceni River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Vlădeţul Mic River
The Vlădeţul Mic River is a tributary Vlădeţ River inia.

Valea Poienilor River (Şieu)
The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary Şieu River inia.

Sasu River (Şieu)
The Sasu River is a tributary Şieu River inia.

Secu River (Şieu)
The Secu River is a tributary Şieu River inia.

Şieu River (Iza)
The Şieu River Botiza River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Alfred Wegener
Alfred Lothar Wegener  was a scientist meteorologist.

Slătioara River (Iza)
The Slătioara River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Sărata River (Ronişoara)
The Sărata River is a tributary Ronişoara River inia.

Ronişoara River
The Ronişoara River Rona River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Râul Satului
The Râul Satului is a tributary Iza River inia.

Râul Corbului
The Râul Corbului is a tributary Iza River inia.

Motte-and-bailey
Motte-and-bailey is a castle, fortification.

Râul Porcului (Iza)
The Râul Porcului Valea Stejarului River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Râul Vălenilor
The Râul Vălenilor Văleni River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Izvorul Baicului River
The Izvorul Baicului River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Yuri Andrapov
Yuri Vladimarovich Andrapov  was leader Soviet Union from 1982 till his death from a kidney disease a year later.

Valea Păstăilor River
The Valea Păstăilor River is a tributary Iza River inia.

Dinar
The Dinar isficial currency in several countries.

Orpheus Eurydice
The famous story in which Orpheus figures is that his wife Eurydice .

Wasatch Mountains
The Wasatch Range is a mountain range that stretches about from Utah- Idaho border, south through central Utah instern United States.

Main Page/Article 7
A baseball uniform is a special uniform that baseball playersar.

Jacob Zuma
Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma  is a South politician.

Cup coffee
A cup coffee is North sports terminology for spending a time by a minor league player at major league level.

Inning
An inning, innings, is a fixed-length segment a game in many sports – notably cricket baseball when team would try to score while other team would try to stop from scoring.

Industrial relations
The field industrial relations  looks at relationship between management workers,ly groups workers shown by a union.

The Daily
"The Daily" is student newspaper University given everyday.

Strikeout
n baseball softball, a strikeout strike  happens when a batter gets three strikes when his time at bat.

Conan O'Brien
Conan Christopher O'Brien  is an Emmy Award-winning television host comedian, known as host NBC's "Late Night with O'Brien".

Win (baseball)
A win is a statistic in Major League Baseball given to pitcher for winning team.

Loss (baseball)
In baseball, a loss  is losing team.

Alfred P.
Alfred Pritchard, Jr.

Parker Posey
Parker Posey  is an actress.

Kenny Black
Kenneth George Black  is a professional footballer current manager club Airdrie United F.C..

John Brown
John Brown, alsoll known by his nickname "Bomber",  is a professional footballer, current manager First Division side Clyde.

Alex Rae
Alexander Scott Rae, , is a professional footballer, who is currently player-manager at Dundee.

Jim McIntyre
James 'Jim' McIntyre  is a footballer who is currently player-manager for Dunfermline Athletic in First Division.

David Irons
David John Irons  is a professional footballer.

Roberto Landi
Roberto Landi  is an football manager, currently in charge First Division side Livingston.

Ian McCall
Iand McCall  is a footballer currently manager First Division side Partick Thistle.

Gordonolm
Gordonolm  is a professional footballer is currently manager First Division club Queen South from Dumfries.

Derek Adams
Derek Adams  is a footballer who is currently player-manager at Ross County.

Derek McInnes
Derek McInness is a professional footballer current manager club St.

Airdrie
Airdrie is a town in Northire,d.

Gynoecium
A "gynoecium"  is female reproductive a flower.

Chase This Light
"Chase This Light" is an album byative rock band Jimmy Eat World.

Saves Day
Saves Day are a band who have played many genres music duringir career.

Jesus Christ Superstar
Jesus Christ Superstar is a musical by Tim Rice Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Cumbernauld
Cumbernauld is a town in Northire,d.

Livingston
Livingston is a town in county West.

Dunfermline
Dunfermline  is a town in Fife,d.

Greenock
Greenock (Gaelic "Grianaig," is ae town in Inverclyde council areasternd.

Dumfries
Dumfries, meaning either "fort" "ridge thicket", is a royal burgh town within Dumfries Galloway council aread is situated close to Solway Firth, near mouth River Nith.

F.C.azionaleo
F.C.

Enzo Scifo
Enzo Scifo is a football player.

Peter Bonetti
Peter Bonetti is a football player.

Alan Shearer
Alan Shearer is a football player.

Dingwall
Dingwall is a town in northd.

Excelsior Stadium
The Excelsior Stadium is home Airdrie United F.C.

Ruud Gullit
Ruud Gullit is a football player.

Zbigniew Boniek
Zbigniew Boniek is a football player.

Broadwood Stadium
Broadwood Stadium is an association football stadium situated inauld, Northire,d.

The Football League 1952-53
Statistics The Football League in season 1952/1953.

The Football League 1953-54
Statistics The Football League in season 1953/1954.

The Football League 1954-55
Statistics The Football League in season 1954/1955.

Dens Park
Dens Park is a football stadium located on Dens Road in city Dundee.

The Football League 1955-56
Statistics The Football League in season 1955/1956.

The Football League 1977-78
Statistics The Football League in season 1977/1978.

The Football League 1986-87
Statistics The Football League in season 1986/1987.

The Football League 1987-88
Statistics The Football League in season 1987/1988.

The Football League 1988-89
Statistics The Football League in season 1988/1989.

English Premier League 2003-04
Statistics Premier League in season 2003/2004.

English Premier League 2004-05
Statistics Premier League in season 2004/2005.

English Premier League 2005-06
Statistics Premier League in season 2005/2006.

Sega 32x
The Sega 32x is a game console released by Sega in 1994.

Sega CD
The Sega CD was a CD based console add on made by Sega released in 1991 in, 1992 in North America, 1993 in Europe.

Amiga CDTV
The Amiga CDTV was a high end game console released by Commodore in March 1991.

Vilanova i la Geltrú
Vilanova i la Geltrú is a coastal town approximately south Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.

Commodore
Commodoreational is a electronics company.

Commodore 64 Games System
Commodore 64 Games System was a cartridge based console made by Commodore.

East End Park
East End Park is a football stadium situated in Dunfermline, Fife,d.

Cappielow
Cappielow is a district Greenock in Inverclyde,st centrald.

Almondvale Stadium
Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston, West.

FM Towns Marty
The FM Towns Marty was world's 32 bit game console .

Firhill Stadium
Firhill Stadium is home ground association football club, Partick Thistle F.C.

Palmerston Park
Palmerston Park is a multi-use stadium on Terregles Street in Dumfries, South Westd.

Phillips CDi
The Phillips CD-i was a CD based 16 bit console released by Phillips in 1991 along with FM Towns Marty Amiga CDTV.

Victoria Park
Victoria Park is a football stadium in town Dingwall, Ross-shire,d.

Nintendo 64DD
The Nintendo 64DD was a sub-CD add on for Nintendo 64.

McDiarmid Park
McDiarmid Park is home stadium St.

Karbon14
Karbon14  is a vector graphics editor.

Leonese language
The language  is language Kingdom León .

Harry Potter Philosopher's Stone (movie)
"Harry Potter Philsopher's Stone"  is a fantasy adventure movie, released on novel from J.K.

Vlădeţul Mijlociu River
The Vlădeţul Mijlociu River is a tributary Vlădeţ River inia.

Vlădeţ River
The Vlădeţ River is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Vlădeni River
The Vlădeni River is a tributary Molniţa River inia.

Vlădeasa River
The Vlădeasa River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Vladimiru River
The Vladimiru River is a tributary Priboiaşa River inia.

Vlavu River
The Vlavu River is a tributary Juliţa River inia.

Văleni River (Câlneş)
The Văleni River is a tributary Câlneş River inia.

Câlneş River
The Câlneş River Bahna River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Bahniţa River
The Bahniţa River is a tributary Câlneş River inia.

Celac River
The Celac River is a tributary Câlneş River inia.

Verdele River (Bistriţa)
The Verdele River is a tributary Câlneş River inia.

Leţcana River
The Leţcana River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Dorneşti River
The Dorneşti River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Good Girl Gone Bad
"Good Girl Gone Bad" is studio album byna.

Români River
The Români River  is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Poloboc River
The Poloboc River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Bouleţ River
The Bouleţ River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Bouleţul Mare River
The Bouleţul Mare River is a tributary Bouleţ River inia.

Bouleţul Mic River
The Bouleţul Mic River is a tributary Bouleţ River inia.

Sas River
The Sas River is a tributary Bouleţ River inia.

Coacăzul River
The Coacăzul River is a tributary Bouleţul Mic River inia.

Pârâul Fundurilor
The Pârâul Fundurilor is a tributary Bouleţul Mic River inia.

La Fântâna Omului River
The La Fântâna Omului River is a tributary Sas River inia.

Comori River
The Comori River is a tributary Sas River inia.

Lespezi River (Sas)
The Lespezi River is a tributary Sas River inia.

Judd Apatow
Judd Apatow  is an film producer, director, screenwriter.

Derzanul River
Theul River is a tributary Sas River inia.

Interstate 182
Interstate 182  is a 15.19-mile long Interstate Highway in stateington, going into Tri-Cities.

Bilbor River
The Bilbor River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Interstate 84 (west)
Interstate 84  is a -mile long Interstate Highway in states Oregon, Idaho, Utah.

Ellensburg,ington
Ellensburg is a city in stateington.

Tri-Cities,ington
The Tri-Cities are a group 3 cities inington.

Umatilla, Oregon
Umatilla is a city in state Oregon.

Hermiston, Oregon
Hermiston is a city in state Oregon.

Richland,ington
Richland is a city in stateington.

Pasco,ington
Pasco is a city in stateington.

Selah,ington
Selah is a city in stateington.

Union Gap,ington
Union Gap is a city in stateington.

Zillah,ington
Zillah is a city in stateington.

Granger,ington
Granger is a city in stateington.

Sunnyside,ington
Sunnyside is a city in stateington.

Grandview,ington
Grandview is a city in stateington in United States.

Prosser,ington
Prosser is a city in stateington.

Music Sun
Music Sun is album by pop R&B singerna.

Benton City,ington
Benton City is a city in stateington.

Pon de Replay
"Pon de Replay" is single released in 2005f album "Music Sun" by pop singerna.

Kennewick,ington
Kennewick is a city in stateington.

Plymouth,ington
Plymouth is a city in stateington, In United States America .

Outlaw
Anlaw bandit is a person who is "outside law" usually becausey have committed serious crimes.

Căprioara River (Cracăul Alb)
The Căprioara River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Kittitas County,ington
Kittitas County is a county located in U.S.

Yakima County,ington
Yakima County is a county located in U.S.

Benton County,ington
Benton County is a county located in U.S.

Umatilla County, Oregon
Umatilla County is a county located in U.S.

Pietrosu River (Cracăul Alb)
The Pietrosu River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Ploştina River (Cracăul Alb)
The Ploştina River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Moraru River (Ploştina)
The Moraru River is a tributary Ploştina River inia.

Ploştina River (Motru)
The Ploştina River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Vâna Mare River (Cernat)
The Vâna Mare River is a tributary Cernat River inia.

Vâna Roşie River
The Vâna Roşie River is a tributary Timişul Mort River inia.

Văratec River (Netezi)
The Văratec River is a tributary Netezi River inia.

Vârciorog River (Peştiş)
The Vârciorog River is a tributary Peştiş River inia.

Vârlanu River
The Vârlanu River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Cell
In biology, cell is basic structureganisms.

Cartomancy
Cartomancy is study reading cards for fortune telling divination.

Borscht
Borscht  is a type red beet soup eaten in countries, such as Russia,iad, Belarus,ia Ukraine.

Visconti-Sforza tarot deck
The Visconti-Sforza tarot deck is oldest known tarot deck.

Thoth tarot deck
The Thoth tarot deck is a tarot deck painted by Lady Frieda Harris at request Aleister Crowley.

Tlaxcala (disambiguation)
Tlaxcala is a state in central Mexico.

Tlaxcala
Tlaxcala is state in Mexico with about a million people.

Internationalce Research Universities
Theationalce Research Universities  was a program launched in January 2006 as a leading co-operative network 10 international research-intensive universities.

Rod Serling
Rodman "Rod" Serling  was screenwriter, radio television narrator producer.

Masoretic Text
The Masoretic Text is a copy Hebrew Bible that was written by Masoretes between centuries.

Golant
Golant is a village in Cornwall,d.

Saints' Way
The Saints' Way  is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall, in United Kingdom.

Golda Meir
Golda Meir "",  was prime minister State Israel.

Haumea (dwarf planet)
Haumea is a dwarf planet in Solar System.

Vişag River (Săcuieu)
The Vişag River is a river a tributary Săcuieu River inia.

Viştea Mare River
The Viştea Mare River is a headwater Viştea River inia.

Vizăuţi River
The Vizăuţi River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Vlad River
The Vlad River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Vinul Mare River
The Vinul Mare River is a headwater Vinul River inia.

Psychosocial
"Psychosocial" is single track from Slipknot's studio album, "All Hope Is Gone" which was released August 26 2008.

Pete Wentz
Peter Lewis Kingston Wentz III  is an musician songwriter.

FNMTV
"FNMTV Premiers" is a television program shown on MTV.

Lil Wayne
Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr.

Tha Carter III
"The Carter III" isficial studio album by rapper "Lil Wayne".

Sofica River
The Sofica River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Izvorul Alb River (Cracăul Alb)
The Izvorul Albl River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Alunul River (Cracăul Alb)
The Alunul River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Făget River (Cracăul Alb)
The Făget River is a tributary Alunul River inia.

Frasinu River (Cracăul Alb)
The Frasinu River is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Pârâuli
The Pârâuli is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Pârâul Popii (Cracăul Alb)
The Pârâul Popii is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Pârâul Adânc (Cracăul Alb)
The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary Cracăul Alb River inia.

Pârâul Răchitelor
The Pârâul Răchitelor is a tributary Cracăul Negru River inia.

Vizma River
The Vizma River is a tributary Miniş River inia.

Vişeuţ River
The Vişeuţ River Borşa River is a tributary Vişeu River inia.

Vijiştea River
The Vijiştea River is a tributary River inia.

Viezurata River
The Viezurata River is a headwater Sohodol River inia.

Vinişorul River
The Vinişorul River is a tributary Tâşla River inia.

Administrative county
An administrative county "" was a old way dividing up land in a country that was once used ind Wales, beginning in 1888 also ind, beginning in 1898.

List pages about local government in United Kingdom
The List pages about local government in United Kingdom page has a list pages in Wikipedia that havething to do with are about local government in United Kingdom.

Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl
Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl is capital state Tlaxcala.

Saral
Saral is a village Union Council, an administrative subdivision, Chakwal District in Punjab Province.

Nor Khachakap
Nor Khachakap  is a village in Lori province, Armenia.

Vezieş River
The Vezieş River Vizieş River is a tributary Sângeriş River inia.

Viştişoara River
The Viştişoara River is a headwater Viştea River inia.

Vişag River (Drăgan)
The Vişag River is a tributary Drăgan River inia.

Vidruţa River
The Vidruţa River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

The Great Escape
"The Great Escape" is singlef self-titled studio album by rock band Boys Like Girls.

Bălmuş River
The Bălmuş River is a tributary Cracăul Negru River inia.

Bălmuşel River
The Bălmuşel River is a tributary Bălmuş River inia.

Cracăul Negru River
The Cracăul Negru River is a headwater Cracău River inia.

Alunişu River (Cracău)
The Alunişu River is a tributary Cracăul Negru River inia.

Tisa River (Cracău)
The Tisa River is a tributary Cracăul Negru River inia.

Şoimu River (Cracău)
The Şoimu River is a tributary Cracăul Negru River inia.

Pârâul Gradului
The Pârâul Gradului River is a tributary Cracăul Negru River inia.

Burloaia River
The Burloaia River is a tributary Cracău River inia.

Burdaleuca River
The Burdaleuca River is a tributary Cracău River inia.

Zahorna River (Cracău)
The Zahorna River is a tributary Cracău River inia.

Stella
"Stella" is Latin word for star.

Corey Taylor
Corey Taylor  also known by his number #8, is an singer.

Corni River (Zahorna)
The Corni River is a tributary Zahorna River inia.

Purcăroaia River
The Purcăroaia River is a tributary Cracău River inia.

Wait Bleed
"Wait Bleed" is a single from metal band Slipknot's album, "Slipknot".

Spit It Out
Spit It Out is single from album "Slipknot" by metal band Slipknot.

Horăiţa River
The Horăiţa River is a tributary Almaş River inia.

Ulmul River (Almaş)
The Ulmul River is a tributary Almaş River inia.

Turtureşti River
The Turtureşti River is a tributary Cracău River inia.

Veleşchia River (Mureş)
The Veleşchia River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Veljul Mare River
The Veljul Mare River is a tributary Culişer Canal inia.

Veneţioara River
The Veneţioara River Venecioara River is a tributary Veneţia River inia.

Videşti River
The Videşti River is a tributary Holod River inia.

Viforâta River
The Viforâta River is a tributary Milea River inia.

IBGE
The Institute Geography Statistics IBGE , is agency responsible for statistical, geographic, cartographic, geodetic environmental information in Brazil.

Windows 7
Windows 7  is next version Microsoft Windows.

List football (soccer) stadiums by capacity
This is a list association football stadiums.

Franklin
"Franklin" is a song by Paramore a band from same place.

Astelia banksii
"Astelia banksii" is an evergreen silver-green plant from beaches Newd.

Barclays plc
Barclays is a major bank.

Theo
Theo is aekly comic.

Dunedin
Dunedin is a city in Newd, Ōtepoti in Maori, is-largest city in Southd Newd, main city region Otago.

Dunfermline Building Society
Dunfermline Building Society is a major United Kingdom building society.

Big Mac Index
The Big Mac Index is an economic index.

Economic index
An Economic index is a number that is calculated from different economic factors, prices income.

JeOS
JeOS is a version Ubuntu machines.

All Hope Is Gone (song)
All Hope Is Gone is singlef album by Slipknot called "All Hope Is Gone".

The Blister Exists
"The Blister Exists" is final single from Slipknot's "Vol.

Fellatio
Fellatio isal sex on penis a man, as,al sex on a woman.

Halo 3
"Halo 3" is a-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios was published by Microsoft.

Extremaduran language
The language  is native language province Cáceres.

Reebok Stadium
Reebok Stadium is a football stadium in town Bolton near Manchester,d.

Silvestru River (Horăiţa)
The Silvestru River is a tributary Horăiţa River inia.

Horăiciorul River
The Horăiciorul River is a tributary Horăiţa River inia.

Măngălaru River
The Măngălaru River is a tributary Horăiţa River inia.

Călugărul River (Horăiţa)
The Călugărul River is a tributary Horăiţa River inia.

Călugăriţa River
The Călugăriţa River is a tributary Călugărul River inia.

Botolia River
The Botolia River is a tributary Horăiţa River inia.

Tanoli
The Tanolis  also called Tanaoli, Tanol, Tol, Tholi, Tahola, Tarnoli, Tanwalis are a tribe Hazara.

Jirga
A jirga   is a tribal meeting elders.

Gujar
Gujar  is a city located in Rawalpindi District, Punjab,.

Cuejdiu River
The Cuejdiu River Cuejd River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Chiroaiu River
The Chiroaiu River is a tributary Cuejdiu River inia.

Chlamydia infection
Chlamydia infection  is a common sexually transmitted infection  in humans.

Pârâul Sărat (Siret)
The Pârâul Sărat Pârâul Sărata is a tributary Cuejdiu River inia.

Tedd
Tedd  isor U.S.

Michigan Wolverines
The Wolverines are 24 varsity sports teams at University.

Pângărăcior River
The Pângărăcior River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Pângăraţi River
The Pângăraţi River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Veseud River
The Veseud River is a tributary Pârâul Nou inia.

Viteazu River
The Viteazu River is a tributary Bâlta River inia.

Viştea River
The Viştea River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Viemeşu River
The Viemeşu River is a tributary Vişeu River inia.

Veljul Negreştilor River
The Veljul Negreştilor River is a tributary Veljul Mare River inia.

Boston Massacre
The Boston Massacre is an incident about deaths five civilians at hands troops on March 5, 1770, legal aftermath which helped start rebellion in colonies in America, which started in Revolution.

Xena
Xena is a fictional character in TV series ' played by Lucy Lawless.

Dreadlocks
Dreadlocks, also called locks dreads, are coils hair which bymselves, in all hair types, if hair is naturally without grooming for a long time.

List football teams
These are football teams.

F.C. Dynamo Moscow
F.C.

Levin
Levin  is a football player.

Ronaldo
Ronaldo  is a football player.

Míchel
Míchel is a football player.

The Football League 1976-77
Statistics The Football League in season 1976/1977.

The Football League 1950-51
Statistics The Football League in season 1950/1951.

The Football League 1951-52
Statistics The Football League in season 1951/1952.

FAI Premier Division
FAI Premier Division is a football league which is top division in Republicdd.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1974-75
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1974/1975.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1977-78
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1977/1978.

Japanese kickboxing
The kickboxing is called in "oriental kickboxing".

Colombian Professional Football
Colombian Professional Football is a football league which is top division in Colombia.

Colombian Professional Football 1981
Statistics Professional Football in season 1981.

Colombian Professional Football 1982
Statistics Professional Football in season 1982.

Colombian Professional Football 1983
Statistics Professional Football in season 1983.

Emilio Butragueño
Emilio Butragueño is a football player.

Francisco Gento
Francisco Gento is a football player.

Athletic Bilbao
Athletic Bilbao is a football club which plays in Spain.

Rafael Morenozadi
Rafael Morenozadi is a football player.

Telmo Zarra
Telmo Zarra is a football player.

Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga
Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga is a football player.

English Premier League 2006-07
Statistics Premier League in season 2006/2007.

Colombian Professional Football 1984
Statistics Professional Football in season 1984.

Colombian Professional Football 1985
Statistics Professional Football in season 1985.

Colombian Professional Football 1986
Statistics Professional Football in season 1986.

Colombian Professional Football 1987
Statistics Professional Football in season 1987.

Colombian Professional Football 1988
Statistics Professional Football in season 1988.

Colombian Professional Football 1992
Statistics Professional Football in season 1992.

Colombian Professional Football 1993
Statistics Professional Football in season 1993.

Colombian Professional Football 1994
Statistics Professional Football in season 1994.

Colombian Professional Football 1995
Statistics Professional Football in season 1995.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1921-22
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1921/1922.

Hugo Sánchez
Hugo Sánchez  is a football player.

Tony Adams
Tony Adams is a football player.

Paolo Maldini
Paolo Maldini  is an football player.

Alessandro Del Piero
Alessandro Del Piero  is a football player.

Football League Fourth Division
Football League Fourth Division is a football league ind Wales.

English Premier League 2007-08
Statistics Premier League in season 2007/2008.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1922-23
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1922/1923.

Division 1 1988-89
Statistics Division 1 in season 1988/1989.

Division 1 1989-90
Statistics Division 1 in season 1989/1990.

Division 1 1990-91
Statistics Division 1 in season 1990/1991.

Ligue 1 2004-05
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2004/2005.

Division 1 1991-92
Statistics Division 1 in season 1991/1992.

Division 1 1992-93
Statistics Division 1 in season 1992/1993.

Division 1 1993-94
Statistics Division 1 in season 1993/1994.

Purchasing power
Purchasing power is a relation between labor money.

Eratosthenes
Eratosthenes Cyrene  was a Greek mathematician, poet, athlete, geographer astronomer.

Tubule
A tubule is a very tube.

Villupuram
Villupuram is a town municipality in Viluppuram District.

Gilf el-Kebir
Gif el-Kebir is ae plateau in Egypt.

HBOS
HBOS is a major bank.

Main Page/Article 8
Red Hot Chili Peppers are an alternative/funk rock band.

México Top 100
The México Top 100 is aekly musical chart.

Must Get Out
"Must Get Out" is single by Maroon 5.

Ansel Adams
Ansel Easton Adams  was a legendary photographer environmentalist, known for his black-and-white photographs West primarily Yosemite National Park.

Vişag River (Şoimu)
The Vişag River is a tributary Şoimu River inia.

Vinul Mic River
The Vinul Mic River is a headwater Vinul River inia.

Dorothea Lange
Dorothea Lange  was an influential documentary photographer photojournalist, known for her Depression-era work for Farm Security Administration .

Vinul River
The Vinul River Valea Vinului River is a tributary Bistricioara inia.

Lostprophets
Lostprophets are a rock band from Wales.

Vidra River (Putna)
The Vidra River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Veţel River
The Veţel River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Vătafu River
The Vătafu River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Racism
Racism is a belief that people have that says race ethnicity is better worse than another.

Korba
Korba is a city in central state Chattisgarh.

Apoptosis
Apoptosis is planned cellular death happens in body cells every day.

Phagocyte
Phagocytes Phagocytic cells are specialised cells that engulf break down dirt bacteria.

FM Static
FM Static is a Pop punk band that makes albums with "Tooth & Nail Records".

Wadi
A Wadi is usually a valley,times bed a river.

Noble gas compound
Noble gas compounds are chemical compounds that have an element from Group 18 periodic table inm.

Vector graphics editor
A vector graphics editor is a computer program that lets users make change vector graphics images savem in many popular vector graphicsats such as EPS, PDF, WMF, SVG VML.

What Are You Waiting For?
What Are You Waiting For? is debut album from FM Static, a pop punk band.

Negev
The Negev is a desert that covers about 60% current state Israel.

Critically Ashamed
Critically Ashamed is sophomore effort by Fm static, a canadian pop punk band, I've said before LOL.

Vâltori River
The Vâltori River is a tributary Ampoi River inia.

Vâna Mare River (Timiş)
The Vâna Mare River Vena Mare River is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Vânturătoarea River
The Vânturătoarea River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Vârtop River (Peşteana)
The Vârtop River is a tributary Peşteana River inia.

Vişa River
The Vişa River , is a tributary Târnava Mare River inia.

Alfred Eisenstaedt
Alfred Eisenstaedt  was a photographer photojournalist.

Petrochemical
Petrochemicals are chemical products that are made from petroleum, natural gas other hydrocarbons.

Electronegativity
Electronegativity, symbol χ, is a chemical property that says howll an atom can attract electrons towards itself make a covalent bond.

Linus Pauling
Linus Carl Pauling  was an scientist, peace activist, author educator.

Strabo
Strabo (Greek: Στράβων; 63/64 BC – ca.

Chris Waddle
Chris Waddle is a football player.

Ray Ozzie
Ray Ozzie  is an computer programmer.

Entrepreneur
The Entrepreneur a companyganization is person who came up with idea.

Ian Ure
Ian Ure is a football player.

Assets
Assets are things that an indvidual company owns.

The Football League 1996-97
Statistics The Football League in season 1996/1997.

The Football League 1997-98
Statistics The Football League in season 1997/1998.

Identityft
Identityft is a type fraud that involves using personal detailsone else.

The Football League 1998-99
Statistics The Football League in season 1998/1999.

Sensor
 Definition .

The Football League 1931-32
Statistics The Football League in season 1931/1932.

The Football League 1932-33
Statistics The Football League in season 1932/1933.

The Football League 1933-34
Statistics The Football League in season 1933/1934.

The Football League 1934-35
Statistics The Football League in season 1934/1935.

The Football League 1935-36
Statistics The Football League in season 1935/1936.

The Football League 1936-37
Statistics The Football League in season 1936/1937.

The Football League 1937-38
Statistics The Football League in season 1937/1938.

Victory
Victory is when you win an argument, war test.

Illegal immigrant
An illegal imigrant is a person that comes into a country without permission in a way that is not allowed, illegal.

Francisco Castro
Francisco Castro is a football player.

Stuart Murdoch
Stuart Murdoch is a football manager.

The Football League 1938-39
Statistics The Football League in season 1938/1939.

The Football League 1939-40
Statistics The Football League in season 1939/1940.

The Football League 1946-47
Statistics The Football League in season 1946/1947.

The Football League 1947-48
Statistics The Football League in season 1947/1948.

The Football League 1948-49
Statistics The Football League in season 1948/1949.

The Football League 1949-50
Statistics The Football League in season 1949/1950.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1923-24
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1923/1924.

Division 1 1995-96
Statistics Division 1 in season 1995/1996.

Division 1 1996-97
Statistics Division 1 in season 1996/1997.

Viroage River
The Viroage River is a tributary Coţatcu River inia.

Vinţ River
The Vinţ River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Vete River
The Vete River is a tributary Bicăjel River inia.

Chris Cornell
Chris Cornell  is known as vocalist in grunge band Soundgarden but is also known as vocalist in Audioslave Temple Dog.

Curse tablet
A curse tablet binding spell  is a type curse.

Vidăcut River
The Vete River is a tributary Bicăjel River inia.

Kim Thayil
Kim Thayil  known as lead guitarist in Soundgarden.

Matt Cameron
Matthew David Cameron  is an drummer known as drummer in Soundgarden Pearl Jam.

Ben Shepherd
Ben Shepherd  is an musician, known as bass player in grunge band Soundgarden from 1990 until band's 1997 break-up.

Velna River
The Velna River Verna River is a tributary Bârlad River inia.

A-Sides
"A-Sides" is a-of album by Soundgarden with songs spanning band's thirteen year career.

Greatest hits
A greatest hits album  is a compilation album, previously released songs by aicular music artist band.

Down on Upside
"Down on Upside" is final studio album by Soundgarden.

Alternative metal
Alternative metal is a alternative music in heavy metal genre.

Halloween movies
The "Halloween movies" are a series horror movies.

Turkish diaspora
The diaspora is a term communities people livingside Turkey.

Anemoi
In Greek mythology, Anemoi re wind gods.

Hit (baseball)
In baseball, a hit is when a player  who is trying to hit ball that is thrown  by thrower  hits ball in such a way as to let him move forward at least base.

Shutout (baseball)
A shutout is a baseball game where at least team does not score any runs.

Fried rice
Fried rice is a popular item in cuisine.

Uniform number (American football)
In football, uniform numbers are special numbers other types clothing to tell players from each other.

Flag
The national flag was designed by Syed Amir uddin Kedwaii was based oniginal flag Muslim League.

Coat Arms
The State Emblem was adopted in 1954.

Pak sarzamin shad bad
The Qaumī Tarāna  is national anthem.

Gloydius himalayanus
Gloydius himalayanus is a venomous pitviper species found along southern slopes Himalayas in.

Kargil
Kargil is a district Ladakh,-occupiedmir,mir region.

Green turtle
Chelonia mydas, commonly known as Green turtle, Myda turtle Green sea turtle is ae sea turtle belonging to family Cheloniidae.

Hardella thurjii
The Brahminy River Turtle Crowned River Turtle  is a species turtle found in northern India,, .

Hydrophisnatus
Ornate Reef seasnake  is a species sea snake.

Soundgarden discography
The discography Soundgarden, a Seattle,ington-based alternative rock band, consists five studio albums, two compilation albums, five extended plays , eighteen singles.

Louder Love
"Louder Love" is full-length album by grunge band Soundgarden.

Ultramega OK
"Ultramega OK" is debut album by grunge band Soundgarden.

List Soundgarden band members
Soundgarden was an rock banded in Seattle,ington in 1984 by lead singer drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, bassist Hiro Yamamoto.

List Soundgarden awards
Soundgarden was an rock banded in Seattle,ington in 1984 by lead singer drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, bassist Hiro Yamamoto.

James Milner
James Milner is a football player.

Peter Osgood
Peter Osgood is a football player.

Trevorcis
Trevorcis is a football player.

English Premier League 2008-09
Statistics Premier League in season 2008/2009.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1924-25
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1924/1925.

Division 1 1997-98
Statistics Division 1 in season 1997/1998.

Division 1 1998-99
Statistics Division 1 in season 1998/1999.

Division 1 1999-00
Statistics Division 1 in season 1999/2000.

Ligue 1 2003-04
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2003/2004.

Ligue 1 2005-06
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2005/2006.

Ligue 1 2006-07
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2006/2007.

Division 1 1982-83
Statistics Division 1 in season 1982/1983.

Sub Pop
Sub Pop is an independent record label founded by Bruce Pavitt in Seattle,ington in 1986.

SST Records
SST Records is an independent record labeled in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn.

A&M Records
A&M Records is an record label owned by Universal Music Group which operates through Interscope-Geffen-A&M division.

Skin Yard
Skin Yard was a rock band from Seattle,ington, whore active from 1985 to 1992.

Hater (band)
Hater was an rock band from 1990s, a side projectly under direction Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd.

Wellwater Conspiracy
Wellwater Conspiracy was a rock band featuring Matt Cameron John McBain.

Temple Dog
Temple Dog was an rock band thated in 1990 by Chris Cornell Soundgarden as a tribute to his friend, late Andrew Wood, lead singerun Mother Love Bone.

Bruce Pavitt
Bruce Pavitt is Chicago-born founder record label Sub Pop.

The Sound Garden
The Sound Garden is a public art work on NOAA property adjacent to Magnuson Park in Seattle,ington.

Fopp (EP)
"Fopp" is EP by grunge band Soundgarden, released in August 1988 on Sub Pop Records.

Screaming Life
"Screaming Life" is debut EP by Seattle grunge band Soundgarden, released in October 1987 on Sub Pop Records.

Loudest Love
"Loudest Love" is an EP by grunge band Soundgarden.

Screaming Life/Fopp
"Screaming Life/Fopp" is a compilation album by grunge band Soundgarden.

Louder Live
"Louder Live" is a home video released by Seattle grunge band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles, California on December 7, 1989 December 10, 1989.

Motorvision
"Motorvision" is a home video released by Seattle grunge band Soundgarden.

Songs from Superunknown
"Songs from Superunknown" is an EP by grunge band Soundgarden.

Jason
Jason  is an guitarist who played witha Soundgarden.

Hiro Yamamoto
 is a bassist who was a founding member grunge band Soundgarden, along with Kim Thayil Chris Cornell in 1984.

Scott Sundquist
Scott Sundquist was a drummer for grunge band Soundgarden during mid-1980s.

A-ha
a-ha is a band from Norway.

Professional baseball
Baseball is a team sport which is played by several professional leagues all over world.

Anglicisation
Anglicisation Anglicization  is act changing spoken written elements another language into a more understandable for an speaker.

Offensive tackle
In football,fensive tackles  are afensive line.

Jeanne Rij-Rousseau
Jeanne Rij-Rousseau  was a French Cubist painter an artoretician.

Vineşti River
The Vineşti River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Viişoara River
The Viişoara River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Viezuroiu River
The Viezuroiu River is a tributary Sâmbotin River inia.

Vezendiu River
The Vezendiu River is a tributary Ier River inia.

Vâna Şerbenilor River
The Vâna Şerbenilor River Şerbeni River Râul Şerbenilor is a tributary Pădurani River inia.

Vârciorova River (Bolvaşniţa)
The Vârciorova River is a tributary Bolvaşniţa River inia.

Vătăleţu River
The Vătăleţu River is a tributary Latoriţa River inia.

Veljul River (Leveleş)
The Veljul River is a tributary Barcău River inia.

Big Ten Conference football champions
Championships by school.

Napalm Death
Napalm Death are a heavy metal band from Birminghamd.

Chuck Schuldiner
Charles Michael "Chuck" Schuldiner was an singer, songwriter guitarist.

Viduţa River
The Viduţa River is a tributary Vida River inia.

Vida River
The Vida River is a tributary Holod River inia.

Vălişorul River
The Vălişorul River is a tributary Timiş River inia.

Vâna Mică River
The Vâna Mică River is a tributary Lanca Birda River inia.

Vârfuraşu River
The Vărfuraşu River is a tributary Crăciunu River inia.

Vediţa River
The Vediţa River is a tributary Vedea River inia.

Veljul River (Chişer)
The Veljul River is a tributary Chişer River inia.

Veraşu River
The Veraşu River is a headwater Râul Roşu Mare inia.

Randy Orton
Randal "Randy" Keith Orton  is an professional wrestler Wrestling Entertainment .

Atonement
Atonement is a idea found in bothity Judaism that describes how sin can be forgiven by God.

Mark Henry
Mark Henry  is an professional wrestler.

Cold War Kids
The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band.

Maramures County
Maramureş ia, in Maramureş region.

Of Mice Men
"Of Mice Men" is a book writen by John Steinbeck in 1937.

Europe (band)
Europe is a rock band.

Samuel Goldwyn
Samuel Goldwyn  was an important producer who made a lot movies in America.

Adamd
Adam Josephd  better known by his ring Edge, is a professional wrestler currently Wrestling Entertainment  to SmackDown brand.

Book Tobit
The Book Tobit  is a book biblical scripture that is Catholic Orthodox biblical canon, put forward by Council Carthage 397 by Council Trent .

Forbidden City
The Forbidden City, now known as Palace Museum is an enormous historical palace an art museum located in historical center Beijing, China.

List rivers
This is a list rivers in .

Book Zechariah
The Book Zechariah is a book Bible found in Old Testament Tanakh thought to be written by prophet Zechariah.

Bookiah
The Bookiah is a book Bible is thought to be written by “Zephaniah soni son Gedaliah son Amariah son Hezekiah, in days King Josiah son Amon Judah”.

Song Songs
The "Song Songs" is a book Hebrew Bible Tanakh Old Testament;one five "megillot" .

Book Isaiah
The Book Isaiah  is a book Bible thought to be written by Prophet Isaiah, who lived in half century BC.

Book Nehemiah
The Book Nehemiah is a book Hebrew Bible, thought to be a continuation Book Ezra, istimes called book Ezra.

Book Obadiah
The Book Obadiah is found in Hebrew Bible Old Testament Bible where it is book, only chapter long.

Book Nahum
The book Nahum is a book in Bible's Old Testament Tanakh.

Book Micah
The Book Micah  is books Hebrew Bible Old Testament.

Book Joel
The Book Joel is Tanakh, also Old Testament Bible.

Book Hosea
The "Book Hosea" is books Hebrew Bible Old Testament.

Book Haggai
The Book Haggai is a book Tanakh  Old Testament, written by prophet Haggai.

Book Habakkuk
The Book Habakkuk is book 12 minor prophets Hebrew Bible.

Book Ezra
The Book Ezra is a book Bible in Old Testament Hebrew Tanakh.

Aberdeen railway station
Aberdeen railway station is a railway station in Aberdeen,d.

Thomas
Thomas Lauren  is an journalist.

Mark Bosnich
Mark Bosnich is a football player.

Dario Gradi
Dario Gradi is a football manager.

Riod
Riod  is a football player.

Jack Charlton
Jack Charlton is a football player.

The Football League 1888-89
Statistics The Football League in season 1888/1889.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1925-26
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1925/1926.

Colombian Professional Football 1950
Statistics Professional Football in season 1950.

Division 1 1994-95
Statistics Division 1 in season 1994/1995.

La Liga 1991-92
Statistics La Liga in season 1991/1992.

La Liga 1982-83
Statistics La Liga in season 1982/1983.

La Liga 1983-84
Statistics La Liga in season 1983/1984.

La Liga 1992-93
Statistics La Liga in season 1992/1993.

La Liga 2003-04
Statistics La Liga in season 2003/2004.

La Liga 2004-05
Statistics La Liga in season 2004/2005.

Billy Wright
Billy Wright is a football player.

Mick McCarthy
Mick McCarthy is a football player.

Ali Daei
Ali Daei is a football player.

Carsten Ramelow
Carsten Ramelow is a football player.

The Football League 1889-90
Statistics The Football League in season 1889/1890.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1926-27
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1926/1927.

Colombian Professional Football 1951
Statistics Professional Football in season 1951.

Division 1 1932-33
Statistics Division 1 in season 1932/1933.

La Liga 2005-06
Statistics La Liga in season 2005/2006.

La Liga 2006-07
Statistics La Liga in season 2006/2007.

La Liga 1990-91
Statistics La Liga in season 1990/1991.

La Liga 1994-95
Statistics La Liga in season 1994/1995.

La Liga 1995-96
Statistics La Liga in season 1995/1996.

La Liga 1986-87
Statistics La Liga in season 1986/1987.

Geysir
Geysir  is for a hot spring which erupts in a very secial way.

Lens, Pas-de-Calais
Lens is a city in Pas-de-Calais departmentce.

Music recording sales certification
Music recording sales certification is a system showing that a music recording has sold a certain number copies.

List music recording sales certifications
The global music industry typically awards recordings with certification awards based on total units sold.

Canadian Recording Industry Association
The Recording Industry Association is a non-profit tradeganization that was founded in 1964 to represent interests companies that create, manufacture market sound recordings in Canada.

British Phonographic Industry
The Phonographic Industry  is record industry's trade association.

Gramophone record
A gramophone record  is an analog sound storage medium consisting a flat disc with an inscribed modulated spiral groove usually starting near periphery ending near center disc.

Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks
Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks  is a ranking in "Billboard" magazine-played songs on mainstream rock radio stations, a category that includes stations that play primarily rock music but are not modern rock  stations, which are counted in Hot Rock Tracks chart.

1959-60 NHL season
The 1959–60 NHL season was season National Hockey League.

Sabellianism
Sabelianism is a position inology.

Tritheism
Tritheism is belief thatre are three distinct, gods, who a triad.

Book Jeremiah
The Book Jeremiah, Jeremiah , is Hebrew Bible, Judaism's Tanakh, later became aity's Old Testament.

Book Lamentations
The Book Lamentations ) is a book Bible Old Testament Tanakh.

Book Ezekiel
The Book Ezekiel is a book Hebrew Bible d after prophet Ezekiel.

Book Daniel
The Book Daniel ,iginally written in Hebrew Aramaic, is a book in both Hebrew Bible  Old Testament.

Book Amos
The Book Amos is books Nevi'im  Old Testament.

Washington Mutual
Washington Mutual   was United States' savings loan association.

Gray's Anatomy
"Henry Gray's Anatomy Body"  is an-language human anatomy textbook.

Gray's Anatomy for Students
Gray's Anatomy for Students is an anatomy textbook following same idea as famous Gray's Anatomy for medical students.

Vidrişoara River
The Vidrişoara River is a tributary Arieşul Mic River inia.

Vidra River (Firiza)
The Vidra River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Killing Joke
Killing Joke are an industrial rock band fromd.

Vezurişte River
The Vezurişte River is a tributary Vârciorog River inia.

Văruţu River
The Văruţu River is a tributary Valea Satului River inia.

Ungureni River
The Ungureni River Vârtop River is a tributary Bălăşiţa River inia.

Veneţia River
The Veneţia River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Verdele River (Şoimu)
The Verdele River is a tributary Şoimu River inia.

Dave Finlay
David Finlay  is a professional wrestler road agent from Belfast,d.

Chris Jericho
Christopher Keith Irvine , better known by his ring Chris Jericho, is an-born television stage actor, author, radio host, rock musician, professional wrestler.

Charles Curtis
Charles Curtis  was antative a Senator from Kansas asll as thirty-first Vice President United States.

Paul Wight
Paul Randall Wight , better known by his ring,  Big Show, is an professional wrestler actor, currently Wrestling Entertainment , wrestling on its SmackDown brand.

Robert Guiscard
Robert Guiscard , was a adventurer.

William A. Wheeler
William Almon Wheeler  was antative from New York nineteenth Vice President United States.

Schuyler Colfax
Schuyler  Colfax, Jr.

Henry Wilson
Henry Wilson  was a Senator from Massachusetts eighteenth Vice President United States.

Hubert Humphrey
Hubert Horatio Humphrey, Jr.

Alben W. Barkley
Alben William Barkley  was a Democratic member U.S.

John Nance Garner
John Nance Garner IV nicknamed "Cactus Jack"  was forty-fourth Speaker United States Housentatives  thirty-second Vice President United States .

Thomas A. Hendricks
Thomas Andrews Hendricks  was a U.S.

Levi P. Morton
Levi Parsons Morton  was antative from New York twenty-second Vice President United States.

Garret Hobart
Garret Augustus Hobart  was twenty-fourth Vice President United States.

Charles W.ks
Charles Warrenks  was a Senator froma twenty-sixth Vice President United States.

Thomas R.all
Thomas Rileyall  was an politician who served as twenty-eighth Vice President United States America under Woodrow Wilson from 1913 to 1921.

Charles G. Dawes
Charles Gates Dawes  was an banker politician who was thirtieth Vice President United States.

Rainulf Drengot
Rainulf Drengot  was a adventurer.

Gregg Gillis
Gregg Gillis, better known by his stage Girl Talk, is an musian who remixes music.

A∴A∴
The A∴A∴ (Latin: "Argenteum Astrum" Greek: "Άστρον Αργόν", "Astron Argon", both literally; "Silver star", alternately, Latin: "Arcanumorum", is a magicalder created by Aleister Crowley in 1907 after leaving Hermetic Order Golden Dawn.

The Book Law
The Book Law is central sacred text Thelema, written by Aleister Crowley in Cairo, Egypt in year 1904.

Ordo Templi Orientis
Ordo Templi Orientis   is an international fraternal religiousganization founded at beginning century.

Luther Bible
The Luther Bible is a Bible translation by Martin Luther, printed with both testaments in 1534.

Wyclif's Bible
Wyclif's Bible is now given to a group Bible translations into Middle, thatre made under direction, at instigation, John Wycliffe.

Jens Jeremies
Jens Jeremies is a football player.

The Football League 1890-91
Statistics The Football League in season 1890/1891.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1927-28
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1927/1928.

Colombian Professional Football 1952
Statistics Professional Football in season 1952.

Division 1 1983-84
Statistics Division 1 in season 1983/1984.

Division 1 1984-85
Statistics Division 1 in season 1984/1985.

Division 1 1985-86
Statistics Division 1 in season 1985/1986.

Division 1 1986-87
Statistics Division 1 in season 1986/1987.

Division 1 1987-88
Statistics Division 1 in season 1987/1988.

La Liga 1987-88
Statistics La Liga in season 1987/1988.

La Liga 1988-89
Statistics La Liga in season 1988/1989.

Ferenc Puskás
Ferenc Puskás  is a football player.

Michel Platini
Michel Platini  is a French football player.

Hidetoshi Nakata
Hidetoshi Nakata  is a football player.

The Football League 1891-92
Statistics The Football League in season 1891/1892.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1928-29
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1928/1929.

Colombian Professional Football 1953
Statistics Professional Football in season 1953.

Division 1 1972-73
Statistics Division 1 in season 1972/1973.

Division 1 1973-74
Statistics Division 1 in season 1973/1974.

Division 1 1974-75
Statistics Division 1 in season 1974/1975.

Division 1 1975-76
Statistics Division 1 in season 1975/1976.

Division 1 1976-77
Statistics Division 1 in season 1976/1977.

Division 1 1977-78
Statistics Division 1 in season 1977/1978.

Division 1 1978-79
Statistics Division 1 in season 1978/1979.

Division 1 1979-80
Statistics Division 1 in season 1979/1980.

Relient K
Relient K are an band from Ohio.

Hieronymus Bosch
Hieronymus Bosch (, Dutch, born Jeroen Anthonissen van Aken c.

Bush (band)
Bushre a post-grunge band,ed in London in 1992.

Fell on Black Days
"Fell on Black Days" is a song by rock band Soundgarden, released in 1994 as single from band's studio album, "Superunknown" .

Pallas' Cat
Pallas' Cat , also known as manul, is a wild cat Central Asia.

Pollock Halls Residence
The Pollock Halls Residence are buildings in Edinburgh,d.

Scarborough railway station
Scarborough railway station is a railway station in Scarborough, Northire,d.

Methil
Methil is a town in Fife,d.

Chris Brown (album)
"Chris Brown" is album by Chris Brown.

Economy
Pakistan is a nation with a diverse economy that include textiles, chemicals, food processing, agriculture other industries.

National Stockge
The Karachi Stockge KSE is a stock exchange located in Karachi, Sindh,.

Vidolm River
The Vidolm River is a tributary Arieş River inia.

Vica River
The Vica River is a tributary Gurasada River inia.

Vetijgat River
The Vetijgat River is a tributary Sânmiclăuş River inia.

Verdele River (Bălosu)
The Verdele River is a tributary Bălosu River inia.

Velicanul River
Theul River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Vătăşniţa River
The Vătăşniţa River a tributary Pârâul Ţigăncilor inia.

Vărsăturile River
The Vărsăturile River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Flora fauna
The land including Jammumir has varied eco-zones resulting in varied fauna flora.

Văratica River
The Văratica River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Vâna River
The Vâna River is a tributary Şurgani River inia.

Resurrection Jesus
The resurrection Jesus is a core event in body beliefs.

Executive branch
The "Executivech" is legalition a nation a state government.

Crucifixion Jesus
The crucifixion Jesus is an event recorded in all four gospels which takes place after his arrest trial.

Jim Ross
James William "Jim" Ross  is a professional wrestling commentator.

King Ring
King Ring is a professional wrestling single-elimination tournament held by World Wrestling Entertainment.

John Layfield
John Charles Layfield  known by his current ring John "Bradshaw" Layfield JBL, is an professional wrestler.

Mary J. Blige
Mary Jane Blige  is an R&B, rap pop singer.

Dancing Beijing
Dancing Beijing is symbol 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing inChina.

Lactobacillus
Lactobacillus are species this non-spore-forming ferment glucose into lactose.

Waterford United F.C.
Waterford United F.C.

Montpellier H.S.C.
Montpellier H.S.C.

A.S. Monaco F.C.
A.S.

Olympique de Marseille
Olympique de Marseille is a football club fromce.The club competes in Ligue 1 .

Arsène Wenger
Arsène Wenger  is a French football manager.

John Arne Riise
John Arne Riise is a football player.

Patrick Vieira
Patrick Vieira is a football player.

David
David is a football player.

Luther Blissett
Luther Blissett is a football player.

The Football League 1992-93
Statistics The Football League in season 1992/1993.

The Football League 1993-94
Statistics The Football League in season 1993/1994.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1929-30
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1929/1930.

Colombian Professional Football 1954
Statistics Professional Football in season 1954.

Division 1 1980-81
Statistics Division 1 in season 1980/1981.

Division 1 1981-82
Statistics Division 1 in season 1981/1982.

Division 1 2000-01
Statistics Division 1 in season 2000/2001.

Chinese architecture
Chinese architecture refers to architecture China.

La Liga 1973-74
Statistics La Liga in season 1973/1974.

La Liga 1974-75
Statistics La Liga in season 1974/1975.

La Liga 1975-76
Statistics La Liga in season 1975/1976.

Jimmy Greaves
Jimmy Greaves is a football player.

Eugenio Corini
Eugenio Corini is a football player.

Vasile Miriuţă
Vasile Miriuţă is a football player.

Jerzy Dudek
Jerzy Dudek is a football player.

Henrik Larsson
Henrik Larsson  is a football player.

The Football League 1892-93
Statistics The Football League in season 1892/1893.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1930-31
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1930/1931.

Colombian Professional Football 1955
Statistics Professional Football in season 1955.

Division 1 1933-34
Statistics Division 1 in season 1933/1934.

La Liga 1976-77
Statistics La Liga in season 1976/1977.

La Liga 1977-78
Statistics La Liga in season 1977/1978.

La Liga 2001-02
Statistics La Liga in season 2001/2002.

La Liga 2002-03
Statistics La Liga in season 2002/2003.

La Liga 2007-08
Statistics La Liga in season 2007/2008.

La Liga 2008-09
Statistics La Liga in season 2008/2009.

Ian Wright
Ian Wright is a football player.

Clyde Best
Clyde Best is a football player.

Edgar Davids
Edgar Davids  is a football player.

Marc-Vivien Foé
Marc-Vivien Foé  is a football player.

Ian Hamilton
Ian Hamilton is a football player.

The Football League 1999-00
Statistics The Football League in season 1999/2000.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1931-32
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1931/1932.

Colombian Professional Football 1956
Statistics Professional Football in season 1956.

Division 1 2001-02
Statistics Division 1 in season 2001/2002.

La Liga 1996-97
Statistics La Liga in season 1996/1997.

La Liga 1984-85
Statistics La Liga in season 1984/1985.

La Liga 1985-86
Statistics La Liga in season 1985/1986.

La Liga 1989-90
Statistics La Liga in season 1989/1990.

La Liga 1993-94
Statistics La Liga in season 1993/1994.

La Liga 1952-53
Statistics La Liga in season 1952/1953.

Olympique Lyonnais
Olympique Lyonnais is a football club which plays ince.

F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
F.C.

Glasgow Central station
Glasgow Central station is a railway station in Glasgow,d.

Mary Teck
Mary Teck  was queen consort King George V United Kingdom, who was also Emperor India.

Marlborough House
Marlborough House is a mansion in Westminster, London.

Richmond Park
Richmond Park is a 955 hectare  urban park near central London, UK.

Brantridge Park
Brantridge Park is a royal residence in Balcombe, West Sussex,d.

Osborne House
Osborne House is a royal residence East Cowes on Isle Wight,d.

Docetism
Docetism is an early teaching that says that Jesus only a human body.

List Royal Residences
This is a list residences occupied by Royal family, noting seasons yeary are traditionally occupied.

Tazz
Peter Senerchia  is an retired professional wrestler current color commentator known by his ring Tazz, .

Lille O.S.C.
Lille O.S.C.

Saw (movie)
Saw is 5 horror genre movies released in 2004.

Prince Andrew, Duke York
The Prince Andrew, Duke York  is a member Royal Family, son Queen Elizabeth II Prince Philip, Duke Edinburgh.

Jinnahational Airport
Jinnahational Airport previously Quaid-e-Azamational Airport  is's international domestic airport.

Vicleanul Mare River
Theul Mare River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Veza River
The Veza River is a tributary Târnava Mare River inia.

Vălosu River
The Vălosu River is a tributary Drăgan River inia.

Vâlta River
The Vâlta River is a tributary Coşna River inia.

Vâna Mare River (Lanca Birda)
The Vâna Mare River is a tributary Lanca Birda River inia.

Vâna Secănească River
The Vâna Secănească River Vâna Ohaba is a tributary Mâtnic River inia.

Văraştina River (Valea Vinului)
The Văraştina River Bolditău River is a tributary Valea Vinului River inia.

Vârşioru River
The Vârşioru River is a tributary Jaleş River inia.

Veţca River
The Veţca River is a tributary Târnava Mică River inia.

Demi Lovato
Demetria Devonne "Demi" Lovato (b.

Road (sports)
Road game , better known as an away game, is a reference to all cities stadia/arenas/fields/venues where an athletic team plays games for whichy are not host.

Parqués
Parqués is board game.

Home (sports)
In sports, home is a term meaning both city stadium, arena, field where an athletic team plays games atir own venue.

Hurricane Hugo
Hurricane Hugo was a Category 5 hurricane that struck Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Puerto Rico, St.

Jerry Lawler
Jerry Lawler  is an musician, film actor, politician, professional wrestler wrestling commentator, known throughout wrestling world as Jerry "The King" Lawler.

We Rock (Camp Rock song)
We Rock is a songf soundtrack Camp Rock.

Camp Rock Soundtrack (Pre-release)
The "Camp Rock: Soundtrack" is a pre-release album released in late May, 2008.

Turkish alphabet
The alphabet is, speaking reading in.

This Is Me
"This Is Me" is a single by Demi Lovato on "The Camp Rock Soundtrack".

Play My Music
"Play My Music" is a 2008 song performed recorded by The Jonas Brothers.

Michael
Michael is a male Hebrew, popular in.

Rivaldo
Rivaldo  is a football player.

Peter Reid
Peter Reid is a football manager.

Mehdi Mahdavikia
Mehdi Mahdavikia  is a football player.

Ali Karimi
Ali Karimi is a football player.

Ray Harford
Ray Harford is a football player.

The Football League 1893-94
Statistics The Football League in season 1893/1894.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1932-33
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1932/1933.

Colombian Professional Football 1957
Statistics Professional Football in season 1957.

Division 1 1934-35
Statistics Division 1 in season 1934/1935.

La Liga 1953-54
Statistics La Liga in season 1953/1954.

La Liga 1954-55
Statistics La Liga in season 1954/1955.

La Liga 1955-56
Statistics La Liga in season 1955/1956.

La Liga 1956-57
Statistics La Liga in season 1956/1957.

La Liga 1957-58
Statistics La Liga in season 1957/1958.

La Liga 1958-59
Statistics La Liga in season 1958/1959.

John
John is a football player.

José Luis Chilavert
José Luis Chilavert  is a football player.

Erikd
Erikd is a football player.

Billkly
Billkly is a football player.

Billy McNeill
Billy McNeill is a football player.

The Football League 1894-95
Statistics The Football League in season 1894/1895.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1933-34
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1933/1934.

Colombian Professional Football 1958
Statistics Professional Football in season 1958.

Ligue 1 2002-03
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2002/2003.

La Liga 1959-60
Statistics La Liga in season 1959/1960.

La Liga 1960-61
Statistics La Liga in season 1960/1961.

La Liga 1961-62
Statistics La Liga in season 1961/1962.

La Liga 1962-63
Statistics La Liga in season 1962/1963.

La Liga 1963-64
Statistics La Liga in season 1963/1964.

La Liga 1964-65
Statistics La Liga in season 1964/1965.

Edmundo
Edmundo  is a football player.

Adrian Mutu
Adrian Mutu is a football player.

David Moyes
David Moyes is a football player.

Gérard Houllier
Gérard Houllier is a French football manager player.

The Football League 1895-96
Statistics The Football League in season 1895/1896.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1934-35
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1934/1935.

Colombian Professional Football 1959
Statistics Professional Football in season 1959.

Division 1 1935-36
Statistics Division 1 in season 1935/1936.

La Liga 1965-66
Statistics La Liga in season 1965/1966.

La Liga 1966-67
Statistics La Liga in season 1966/1967.

La Liga 1967-68
Statistics La Liga in season 1967/1968.

La Liga 1968-69
Statistics La Liga in season 1968/1969.

La Liga 1969-70
Statistics La Liga in season 1969/1970.

La Liga 1970-71
Statistics La Liga in season 1970/1971.

Waggle dance
Waggle dance is a term used in beekeeping ethology.

Jim
James  Yuille  is a football player manager.

Germand Prix
Thed Prix  is an automobile race held every year.

Hockenheimring
The Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg is an automobile racing track located near town Hockenheim in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Singapored Prix
The Singapored Prix is a Formula One race staged in Marina Bay area Singapore, race is Formula One's night race.

Morrissey
Stephen Patrick Morrissey , known by stage Morrissey from his surname is a musician, singer songwriter.

Hernando de Soto (economist)
Hernando de Soto  is a economist.

Belgiand Prix
Thed Prix is an automobile race, Formula One Worldip.

Hernando de Soto
Hernando de Soto  was a explorer conquistador.

Circuit de Spacorchamps
The Circuit de Spacorchamps is location Formula Oned Prix Spa 24 Hours endurance race.

Circuit de Monaco
Circuit de Monaco is given to a motor racing circuit laid on city streets Monte Carlo La Condamine around harbor principality Monaco.

Dutchd Prix
The Dutchd Prix was a Formula One automobile race held at Circuit Zandvoort, from 1952 to 1985.

United Statesd Prix
The United Statesd Prix is a motor race which has been run onf since 1908, when it was known as "Americand Prize".

Spanishd Prix
Thed Prix  is a Formula One race currently held at Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, Spain, as annual Formula One championship season.

Canadiand Prix
Thed Prix  is an auto race held in Canada since 1961.

Râul Primejdios
The Râul Primejdios Veszes River is a tributary Caşin River inia.

Verşteag River
The Verşteag River is a tributary Şereniac River inia.

Verendin River
The Veredin River is a tributary Mehadica River inia.

Vederoasa River
The Vederoasa River is a tributary Danube inia.

Vătavu River
The Vătavu River is a tributary Şomuzul Mare River inia.

Vârghiş River (Cormoş)
The Vârghiş River is a tributary Cormoş River inia.

Vârghiş River (Olt)
The Vârghiş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Vârgău River
The Vârgău River is a tributary Sipoş River inia.

Vărbilău River
The Vărbilău River is a tributary Slănic River inia.

Vâlsan River (Bistra)
The Vâlsan River is a tributary Şucu River inia.

Anantnag district
Anantnag is a district in state Jammumir in north-western India.

Pakistanational Airline
Pakistanational Airlines Corporation, more commonly known asational Airlines PIA , is flag carrier national airline.

Islamabadational Airport
Islamabadational Airport Chaklala Airbase   is airport in, it is located in Rawalpindi, Punjab.

International Airsport Association
Theational Airsport Association is an international industry trade group airlines.

Indian Sign Language
Indian Sign Language  Indo Sign Language is possibly predominant sign language variety in South Asia, used by at least several hundred thousand deaf signers .

1935-36 NHL season
The 1935–36 NHL season was season National Hockey League .

Coppins
Coppins is an country house in village Iver inire.

Bagshot Park
Bagshot Park  eleven miles south Windsor, is a royal residence.

Balmoral Castle
Balmoral Castle is a royal residence inire,d.

Beech
The Beech is a giant tree in genus Fagus in plant family Fagaceae.

Bioethics
Bioethics is a field ethics in philosophy that studies ethical, legal social issues in medicine biology.

Caricaceae
Caricaceae is a family flowering plants inder Brassicales, found in tropical regions Central South America Africa.

Pollen
Pollen is a powder made pollen grains, which produce sperm cells  seed plants.

Tiny Rascal Gang
The Tiny Rascal Gang  is an criminal gang created in California during middle 1980s.

Wii Ski
"We Ski", also known as "Family Ski" in Europe is a video game for Wii.

Denison, Texas
Denison is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

Mentha
"Mentha"  is a genus about 25 species  flowering plants in family Lamiaceae .

Lamiales
Theder Lamiales is a taxon in asterid group dicotyledonous flowering plants.

Lamiaceae
Lamiaceae Labiatae, also known as mint family, is a family plants comprising about 210 genera 3,500 species.

Nepeta
"Nepeta" is a genus about 250 species flowering plants in family Lamiaceae.

Garden Angelica
Garden Angelica ("Angelica archangelica"; syn.

Rosemary
Rosemary  is a woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves.

Liquorice
Liquorice  licorice    is root "Glycyrrhiza glabra", from which a sweet flavour can be extracted.

Faboideae
Faboideae is a subfamily flowering plant family Fabaceae Leguminosae.

Galegeae
Galegeae is a tribe subfamily Faboideae.

Glycyrrhiza
"Glycyrrhiza" is a genus about 18 accepted species in family Fabaceae , with a subcosmopolitan distribution in Asia, Australia, Europe, Americas.

Cumin
Cumin ""times spelled cummin) is a flowering plant in family Apiaceae, native from east to East India.

Savory (herb)
"Satureja" is a genus aromatic plants family Lamiaceae, thyme.

Superchunk
Superchunk is an indie rock band.

Semi-automatic firearm
A semi-automatic, self-loading firearm is a gun that requires only a trigger pull for each round that is fired, unlike a single-action revolver, a pump-action firearm, a bolt-action firearm, a lever-action firearm, which require shooter to manually chamber each successive round.

Semi-automatic rifle
A semi-automatic rifle is a type rifle that fires a single bullet each time trigger is pulled, without need manually to operate a bolt, lever, pump other firing loading mechanism.

Bolt action
The term bolt action refers to a type firearm action in whichapon's bolt is operated manually by opening closing breech with a handle, commonly placed on right-hand sideapon.

Trigger (firearms)
A trigger is a mechanism that you pull on a firearm to shoot.

Diatomic molecules
Diatomic molecules are molecules made only two atoms, either same different chemical elements.

Fragile Future
"Fragile Future" is album by Hawthorne Heights.

Dundalk
Dundalk  is a town in County Louth,d, near border withd.

County Louth
County Louth  is a county on east coastd, on border withd.

Robot Chicken
"Robot Chicken" is a comedy stop-motion television series.

Victor Hammer (businessman)
Victor Hammer , was a businessman, founder owner famed Hammer Galleries in New York City, younger brotherd Hammer.

Venţel River
The Râul Venţel is a tributary Turia River inia.

Veljul Mic River
The Veljul Mic River is a tributary Veljul Mare River inia.

Vătăvoaia River
The Vătăvoaia River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Vărzari River
The Vărzari River is a tributary Crişul Nou River inia.

Vârtop River (Baboia)
The Vârtop River is a tributary Baboia River inia.

Vărmaga River
The Vărmaga River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Vârciorog River (Arieş)
The Vârciorog River is a tributary Arieşul Mare River inia.

Vărbila River
The Vărbila River is a tributary Cricovul Sărat River inia.

Văratecu River
The Văratecu River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Văraştina River (Botizu)
The Văraştina River is a tributary Botizu River inia.

Vâna Mălâei River
The Vâna Mălâei River is a tributary Siriu Mare River inia.

Vămăşoaia River
The Vămăşoaia River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Văleni River (Arieş)
The Văleni River is a tributary Arieş River inia.

MySims
My Sims is a video game for Wii Nintendo DS.

The Sun (newspaper)
The Sun is a tabloid daily newspaper published in United Kingdomd.

M2 Browning machine gun
The M2 Machine Gun, Browning.50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun designed towards end World War I by John Browning.

Stealth
Stealth technology, technology ships, aircraft, missiles .

Stealth technology
Stealth technology also known as LOT  is a sub-discipline military electronic countermeasures which covers a range techniques used with aircraft, ships missiles, inder to makem visible.

Pakistan Peoples Partys
The People's Partys  is ay created by Makhdoom Amin Fahim.

Bangladesh Nationalist Party
Bangladesh Nationalist Party  is immediate past ruling politicaly.

Rosmarinus
"Rosmarinus" is a genus woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves in family Lamiaceae, native to region.

Apiales
The Apiales are ander flowering plants.

Apiaceae
The Apiaceae Umbelliferae is a family usually aromatic plants with hollow stems, commonly known as umbellifers.

Angelica
"Angelica" is a genus about 50 species tall biennial perennial herbs in family Apiaceae, native to temperate subarctic regions Hemisphere, reaching as far North asdd.

Blephilia
Blephilia  is a genus three species flowering plants in family Lamiaceae.

Ballota
"Ballota"  is a genus about 35 species flowering plants in family Lamiaceae, native to temperate regions Europe, north Africastern Asia, with highest diversity in region.

Agastache
"Agastache", is a genus 9–12 species perennial herbs in family Lamiaceae, native to eastern Asia  North America .

Acrocephalus (plant)
"Acrocephalus" is a genus plants in family Lamiaceae, containing about 130 species.

Acinos
"Acinos" is a genus ten species annual-lived evergreen perennial woody plants native to southern Europestern Asia.

Acanthomintha
"Acanthomintha" is a genus Lamiaceae, mint family.

Franz von Papen
Franz Josephn Michael Maria von Papen zu Köningen  was a nobleman, Catholic monarchist politician, General Staffficer, diplomat, who served ascellory in 1932 as Vicecellor in 1933-1934.

Lemon balm
Lemon balm  is a perennial herb in mint family Lamiaceae, native to southern Europe region.

Bronchitis
Bronchitis is an inflammation bronchi.

Kashmiri people
Themiri people  are a Dardic ethnic group living in central valleymir betweens who speakmiri language.

Hastings
Hastings is a town on coast East Sussex ind is administrative center for borough same.

Malvern College
Malvern College is a coeducational public School, founded in 1865.

UN peacekeeping missions involving
UN peacekeeping missions involving covers a long cherished historyi involvement with United Nations.

Pakistan Army
The Army  is branch military, is mainly responsible for protection state borders, security administered territories defending national interests within framework its international obligations.

Web City
"Web City"  is book that was written by Ellison.

Pakistani military
The Armed Forces  are overall unified military forces.

Pakistan Navy
Pakistan Navy  is naval branch military.

Spider Kiss
"Spider Kiss"  is a 1961 book that was written by Ellison.

Pakistan Air Force
Pakistan Air Force   is Aviation branch armed forces is responsible for defendingi air-space from intrusions.

The Vines
The Vines are an garage rock band from Sydney, Australia, notable for creating a musical combination '60s rock '90s alternative music.

The Libertines
The Libertinesre an indie rock band from London,d.

The Hives
The Hives are a rock band that started in 1993 but rose to fame in early 2000s as a leading group garage rock revival, playing garage punk.

Interpol (band)
Interpol is an alternative rock band from New York City, New York.

Editors
Editors are an indie rock band fromd.

A Kings
"A Kings" is seven planned books in "A Song Ice Fire", a fantasy series written by George R.

A Storm Swords
"A Storm Swords" is seven planned books in "A Song Ice Fire", a fantasy series written by George R.

A Feast for Crows
"A Feast for Crows" is seven planned books in "A Song Ice Fire", a fantasy series written by George R.

Zest (ingredient)
Zest is skin citrus fruit, known botanically as exocarp.

Paprika
Paprika is a spice made from grinding dried sweet red bell peppers.

Clove
Cloves ("Syzygium aromaticum", syn.

Myrtaceae
The Myrtaceae Myrtle family are a family dicotyledon plants, placed withinder Myrtales.

Government
Thement , uses a federal parliamentary system, with a President as Head State an indirectly-elected Prime Minister as Headment.

Syzygium
"Syzygium" is a genus flowering plants, belonging to myrtle family Myrtaceae.

Junoon (band)
Junoon   is's popular Rock bands, based Karachi.

Therese Liseaux
Saint Liseaux  is a Doctor Catholic church, which means that her life writings are consideredicularly important for Catholics.

Transportation in
Transportation in is extensive varied but still in its developing stages serving a population over 160 million people.

List companies based in Tulsa, Oklahoma
Companies headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma .

ONEOK
ONEOK, Inc.

Ashley Force
Ashley Force  is a funny car drag racer.

Cottontail rabbit
The cottontail rabbit is a common rabbit in North America, Central America, South America.

Selhurst Park
Selhurst Park is a football stadium in London Borough Croydon.

Zack de la Rocha
Zack de la Rocha  is lead singer rock band Rage Against Machine.

Fire triangle
The fire triangle is rule that a fire needs three things to burn.

Modus ponens
Modus ponendo ponens (Latin: "mode that affirms by affirming";is a valid, simple argument in classical logictimes affirming antecedent law detachment.

Angelo State University
Angelo State University is a public university in San Angelo, Texas.

Nicaragua
Nicaragua is a country in Central America.

Battle Bands
In music, a Battle Bands is a contest where many bands compete against each other to see who is "best" band.

Lalon Shah Bridge
Lalon Shah Bridge, longest bridge country, has.

Charlotte Moore Sitterly
Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly  was an astronomer.

Widzew Łódź
Widzew Łódź is a football  club from Łódź,d.

Palestinian territories
The territories are composed two discontiguous regions, West Bank Gaza Strip, whose final status has yet to be determined.

West Indies Federation
The West Indies Federation, also known as Federation West Indies, was a-lived federation that existed from January 3, 1958 to May 31, 1962.

Velniţa River
The Velniţa River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Veja River
The Veja River Corniş River Hărmănaş River is a tributary Sacovăţ River inia.

Vârfuraş River
The Vârfuraş River is a tributary Zârna River inia.

Vârciorova River (Bistra)
The Vârciorova River is a tributary Bistra River inia.

Vânăta River
The Vânăta River is a tributary Milotina River inia.

Cusuiuş River
The Cusuiuş River is a tributary Crişul Negru River inia.

Bâlta River
The Bâlta River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Văleanca River
The Văleanca River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Vâlcu River
The Vâlcu River is a tributary Caşoca River inia.

A Little Bit Longer
A Little Bit Longer is hit studio album by teen pop-rock band "The Jonas Brothers".

A Little Bit Longer (song)
A Little Bit Longer is a song by pop band "Jonas Brothers".

Antioxidant
An antioxidant is a molecule that can slow stop oxidation, electron transfer, other molecules.

Marshmallow
Themallow is a candy that is usually made sugar corn syrup, water, gelatin that has been pre-softened in hot water, dextrose, flavorings, spongy consistency.

Coen brothers
Joel Coen Coen are two film directors, producers screenwriters.

Find A Way (song)
Find A Way is a single releasedf album byative rock band "The Day" called Makes Me Wonder.

The Picture Gray
"The Picture Gray" is only published book written by Oscar Wilde.

Quotations from Mao Zedong
"Quotations from Mao Zedong" , better known in West as "The Little Red Book", was put byment People's Republic China from April 1964 until about 1976.

Scouting for Boys
"Scouting for Boys: A Handbook for Instruction in Goodip" is book on Scout Movement, put in 1908.

Wii sports resort
Wii Sports Resort  is a video game for Wii.

Wii Chess
Wii Chess is a video game for Wii console.

Naked Lunch
"Naked Lunch"  is a novel by William S.

On Road
"On Road" is a novel by writer Jack Kerouac, written in April 1951, published by Viking Press in 1957.

William Faulkner
William Faulkner ,  was an author.

Arthur Miller
Arthur Miller  was a famous playwright, a person who writes plays.

Oral sex
"Foral sex on a man see fellatio".

Chartreuse green
Chartreuse green is color halfway between yellow green on color wheel.

Clyde F.C.
Clyde Football Club is a professional football team based in townauld, Northire.

Jouk de Vries
Prof.

Dundee F.C.
Dundee Football Club, founded in 1893, are a football team based in city Dundee,d.

Siamang
Theg  is a tailless, black furred gibbon native to forests Malaysia,d, Sumatra.

Caroline Unger
Caroline Unger  was an singer.

Jeremias Gotthelf
Albert Bitzius  was a Swiss novelist pastor.

CBBC
CBBC  is BBC's television programmes that are for children.

Văsălatu River
The Văsălatu River is a tributary Râul Doamnei inia.

Vărşag River
The Vărşag River is a tributary Târnava Mare River, inia.

Văratec River (Strei)
The Văratec River is a tributary Strei River inia.

Apa Mare River (Bega)
The Apa Mare River Vâna Ciurei River Apa Neagră River is a tributary Beregsău River inia.

Rânjeu River
The Rânjeu River is a tributary Voineşiţa River inia.

Topliţa River (Mureş)
The Topliţa River Lomaş River  is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Lomăşiţa River
The Lomăşiţa River is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Puturosu River (Topliţa)
The Puturosu River  is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Deluţ River (Purcelu)
The Deluţ River is a tributary Purcelu River inia.

Toplicioara River (Topliţa)
The Toplicioara River is a tributary Voievodeasa River inia.

Crucea River (Voievodeasa)
The Crucea River  is a tributary Voievodeasa River inia.

Sechereş River
The Sechereş River  is a tributary Crucea River inia.

Arinişul Mare River
The Arinişul Mare River is a tributary Hurdugaşu Mare River inia.

Hurdugaşu Mare River
The Hurdugaşu Mare River is a headwater Hurdugaşu River inia.

Hurdugaşu Mic River
The Hurdugaşu Mic River is a headwater Hurdugaşu River inia.

Hurdugaşu River
The Hurdugaşu River is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Ţigan River (Topliţa)
The Ţigan River is a tributary Pârâul Sec inia.

Creanga River (Topliţa)
Thega River  is a tributary Pârâul Sec inia, That means it flows into Pârâul Sec.

Fagul Rusului River
The Râul Fagului Rusului is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Pârâul Sec (Topliţa)
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary Topliţa River inia.

Vâlcoi River
The Vâlcoi River is a tributary Pârâulilor inia.

Pârâulilor
The Pârâulilor Bucium River is a tributary Abrud River inia.

Roşia River (Arieş)
The Roşia River is a tributary Abrud River inia.

Valea Albă River (Arieş)
The Valea Albă River is a tributary Abrud River inia.

Brisingr
"Brisingr" "The Seven Promises Eragon Shadeslayer Saphira Bjartskular" is book "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini.

Mermaid
"Mermaids are mythical creatures legends sayy bring peace evil.

University Edinburgh
The University Edinburgh is a University located in Edinburgh,d.

Inheritance Cycle
The "Inheritance Cycle" is a series fantasy books written by Christopher Paolini.

Continental Congress
The Continental Congress was a convention delegates from Thirteen Colonies.

Take This to Your Grave
"Take This to Your Grave" is studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy.

Stephensey Cook Ensko
Stephensey Cook Ensko  also known as Stephen G.C.

List characters in Pirates
This article lists characters in film trilogy Pirates.

Tomder
Tomder  is an award-winning actor.

Jack Davenport
Jack Davenport  is a film television actor.

Yulia
Yulia  is a-born Newd crossover singer.

Shasta Dam
Shasta Dam is a dam on Sacramento River in California.

Herman Melville
Herman Melville  was an novelist, story writer, essayist poet.

Martin Heidegger
Martin Heidegger   was an influential philosopher.

Parmenides
Parmenides   was an ancient Greek philosopher born in Elea was founder Eleatic school philosophy.

Democritus
Democritus  was a Greek philosopher (born at Abdera in Thrace ca.

Leucippus
Leucippus Leukippos  was among earliest philosophers atomism, idea that everything is made up many imperishable, indivisible elements called atoms.

Mount Olympus
Mount Olympus  is highest mountain in Greece at 2,919 metres high .

Kate (text editor)
Kate is a text editor for KDE desktop environment.

Ronald David Laing
Ronald David Laing , was a psychiatrist who described mental illness, especially psychosis.

Alcoholic drink
Drinks that contain alcohol are generally known as alcoholic drink.

Hapoel asi gilboa
Hapoel Asi Gilboa is an Israeli football club based in Prazon on Mount Gilboa.

Amy Lee
Amy Lynn Hartzler  known as Amy Lee, is an singer songwriter, lead vocalist co-founder rock bandescence.

Wild Dances (song)
Wild Dances is a song by pop-stara Lyzhichko .

Rocket-propelled grenade
A rocket-propelled grenade an RPG is for anyapon, held on shoulder that fires a rocket.

Tibetan Plateau
The Plateau, also known as Qinghai  Plateau is a vast, elevated plateau in Central Asia covering Tibet Autonomous Region, Qinghai Province in China, Ladakh inmir,.

Heraclitus
Heraclitus Ephesus  (ca.

Thales
Thales Miletus , ca.

Hardancourt
Hardancourt is a village in Vosges département northeasternce.

Anaximander
Anaximander  (c.

Anaximenes Miletus
Anaximenes  Miletus (c.

Eberhardt del’Antonio
Eberhardt del’Antonio  was an author.

Gorgias
Gorgias (Greek: Γοργίας, ca.

Sophism
Sophism can mean two very different things.

Rădoteasa River
The Rădoteasa River Rădocheasa River is a tributary Cărbunele River inia.

Bulzu River (Cerna)
The Bulzu River is a tributary Rădoteasa River inia.

Cărbunele River (Cerna)
The Cărbunele River Valea Cărbunelui River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Vâlcioara River
The Vâlcioara River is a tributary Săvăstreni River inia.

Săvăstreni River
The Săvăstreni River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Lupşa River (Dejani)
The Lupşa River is a tributary Săvăstreni River inia.

Protagoras
Protagoras  (ca.

Pirate code
A pirate code is a code conduct for pirates.

Hallelujah (song)
Hallelujah is a song by singer/guitarist Leonard Cohen.

Islamic State
The Islamic State was given to nation during rule United Islamic Front for Salvation government.

Leonard Cohen
Leonard Cohen is a singer, musician, poet writer.

Jeff Buckley
Jeff Buckley was an singer guitarist.

Stigmata
Stimata is when a person's body is bleeding for no reasony think its religious.

Flag
The flag was adopted on January 24, 2001.

Philolaus
Philolaus (ca.

Coat Arms
The coat arms was created after gained independence from Soviet Union in 1991.

Pre-Socratic philosophy
The Pre-Socratic Greek philosophersre active before Socrates.

Milesian school
The school was a school thought founded in Century BC.

Pythagoreanism
Pythagoreanism is a term metaphysical beliefs held by Pythagoras his followers,s, whore much influenced by mathematics.

Anaxagoras
Anaxagoras (Greek:, c.

Miletus
Miletus   was an ancient city onstern coast Anatolia , near mouthder River in ancient Caria.

Tooth fairy
The Tooth fairy is a fictional character found in modern folklore.

Frederick I, Holy Emperor
Frederick I Barbarossa  was elected Kingy atkfurt on 4 March 1152 crowned in Aachen on 9 March, crowned King Italy at Pavia in 1154, finally crowned Holy Emperor by Pope IV on 18 June 1155.

BBC Weather
BBC Weather is BBC's department in charge preparing broadcastingather forecasts is now BBC News.

Cheap Trick
Cheap Trick are a rock band from Illinois, USA.

Strychnine
Strychnine , ) is a very toxic colorless crystalline alkaloid.

Alkaloid
Alkaloids are chemical compounds that can be made naturally.

Quinine
Quinine  is an alkaloid which can reduce fever, work against malaria pain swelling.

Progressive bluegrass
Progressive bluegrass is a type bluegrass music which became popular in 1960s 1970s.

Hot Country Sounds
Hot Country Songs is a chart publishedekly by "Billboard magazine" in United States.

Neverland
Neverland is a fictional island that is setting for novel Peter Pan by J.M.

International Bluegrass Music Association
Theational Bluegrass Music Association, IBMA, is a trade association to promote bluegrass music.

Şiştoaca Vladului River
The Şiştoaca Vladului River is a tributary Vlăduşca River inia.

Şiştoaca Vlăduşca River
The Şiştoaca Vlăduşca River is a tributary Vlăduşca River inia.

Şiştoaca Baca River
The Şiştoaca Baca River is a tributary Vlăduşca River inia.

Country Music Association Awards
The Country Music Association Awards, also known as CMA Awards, CMAs, are music awards voted on by business members Country Music Association.

Colţul Scris River
The Colţul Scris River is a headwater Râul Mare inia.

Suchelniţa River
The Suchelniţa River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Curmătura River (Bârsa)
The Curmătura River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Zănoaga River (Bârsa)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Padina lui Dănişor River
The Padina lui Dănişor River Dănişor River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Ciocracul River
The Ciocracul River is a tributary Valea Cheii River inia.

Brusturetul River
The Brusturetul River is a tributary Valea Cheii River inia.

Valea Cheii River (Bârsa)
The Valea Cheii River is a headwater Râul Mare inia.

Râul Mare (Bârsa)
The Râul Mare is a tributary Bârsa River inia.

The Used
The Used are an Emo band.

Bobo Dioulasso
Bobo Dioulasso is a city in Burkina Faso.

Koudougou
Koudougou is a city in Burkina Faso.

Banfora
Banfora is a city in Burkina Faso.

Ouahigouya
Ouahigouya is a city in Burkina Faso.

Chirality (chemistry)
The term chiral  is an object that cannot be superimposed onto its mirror image.

Londrina
Londrina is a city, located in northern region stateá, is 369 km away from capital, Curitiba.

Kaya
Kaya is a city in Burkina Faso.

Superimposition
In graphics, superimposition is when an image video on top an already-existing image video.

Maringá
Maringá is city in stateá, located in Region Brazil.

Tenkodogo
Tenkodogo is a city in Burkina Faso.

Fada N'gourma
Fada N'gourma is a city in Burkina Faso.

Ponta Grossa
Ponta Grossa is a city, located in southern region country, in stateá.

Dédougou
Dédougou is a city in Burkina Faso.

Houndé
Houndé is a city in Burkina Faso.

Foz do Iguaçu
Foz do Iguaçu  is cityá state, in south region Brazil, with a population 309,000 habitants.

Cascavel
Cascavel is a city insterná state, in south region Brazil.

Julen Guerrero
Julen Guerrero is a football player.

Emile Heskey
Emile Heskey is a football player.

Jan Koller
Jan Koller is a football player.

Rüştü Reçber
Rüştü Reçber is a football player.

The Football League 1995-96
Statistics The Football League in season 1995/1996.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1935-36
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1935/1936.

Colombian Professional Football 1960
Statistics Professional Football in season 1960.

Ligue 1 2007-08
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2007/2008.

William Regal
Darren Kenneth Matthews  also known by his ring William Regal, is an professional wrestler, currently Wrestling Entertainment on its Raw brand, where he is reigning WWE Intercontinental Champion.

La Liga 1940-41
Statistics La Liga in season 1940/1941.

La Liga 1941-42
Statistics La Liga in season 1941/1942.

La Liga 1942-43
Statistics La Liga in season 1942/1943.

La Liga 1943-44
Statistics La Liga in season 1943/1944.

La Liga 1944-45
Statistics La Liga in season 1944/1945.

La Liga 1945-46
Statistics La Liga in season 1945/1946.

Bryan Robson
Bryan Robson is a football player.

Robbie Fowler
Robbie Fowler is a football player.

Hernán Crespo
Hernán Crespo  is an Argentine football player.

Kevin
Kevin  is a football player.

The Football League 1896-97
Statistics The Football League in season 1896/1897.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1936-37
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1936/1937.

Colombian Professional Football 1961
Statistics Professional Football in season 1961.

Division 1 1936-37
Statistics Division 1 in season 1936/1937.

Bob Holly
Robert William "Bob" Howard  better known by his ring Hardcore Holly'", is an professional wrestler.

La Liga 1946-47
Statistics La Liga in season 1946/1947.

La Liga 1947-48
Statistics La Liga in season 1947/1948.

La Liga 1948-49
Statistics La Liga in season 1948/1949.

La Liga 1949-50
Statistics La Liga in season 1949/1950.

La Liga 1950-51
Statistics La Liga in season 1950/1951.

La Liga 1951-52
Statistics La Liga in season 1951/1952.

Raúl González
Raúl González  is a football player.

Luís Figo
Luís Figo  is a football player.

Rudi Völler
Rudi Völler is a football player.

The Football League 1897-98
Statistics The Football League in season 1897/1898.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1937-38
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1937/1938.

Colombian Professional Football 1962
Statistics Professional Football in season 1962.

Division 1 1937-38
Statistics Division 1 in season 1937/1938.

La Liga 1978-79
Statistics La Liga in season 1978/1979.

La Liga 1979-80
Statistics La Liga in season 1979/1980.

La Liga 1980-81
Statistics La Liga in season 1980/1981.

La Liga 1981-82
Statistics La Liga in season 1981/1982.

La Liga 1997-98
Statistics La Liga in season 1997/1998.

La Liga 1998-99
Statistics La Liga in season 1998/1999.

Freddy Adu
Freddy Adu  is a football player froma.

George Graham
George Graham is a football player.

Eamon Dunphy
Eamon Dunphy is a football player.

Murat Yakin
Murat Yakin is a football player.

The Football League 1898-99
Statistics The Football League in season 1898/1899.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1938-39
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1938/1939.

Colombian Professional Football 1963
Statistics Professional Football in season 1963.

Ligue 1 2008-09
Statistics Ligue 1 in season 2008/2009.

La Liga 1999-00
Statistics La Liga in season 1999/2000.

La Liga 2000-01
Statistics La Liga in season 2000/2001.

Major League Soccer 1996
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 1996.

Major League Soccer 1997
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 1997.

Major League Soccer 1998
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 1998.

Major League Soccer 1999
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 1999.

Salmonella
Salmonella is a genus bacteria.

Paul Sturrock
Paul Sturrock is a football player.

Avi Ran
Avi Ran is a football player.

Mark Viduka
Mark Viduka is a football player.

Baichung Bhutia
Baichung Bhutia is a football player.

Matthew Le Tissier
Matthew Le Tissier is a football player.

The Football League 2000-01
Statistics The Football League in season 2000/2001.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1939-40
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1939/1940.

Colombian Professional Football 1964
Statistics Professional Football in season 1964.

Division 1 1938-39
Statistics Division 1 in season 1938/1939.

La Liga 1929
Statistics La Liga in season 1929.

2000 MLS season
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2000.

Major League Soccer 2001
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2001.

Major League Soccer 2002
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2002.

Major League Soccer 2007
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2007.

Major League Soccer 2008
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2008.

Amarok (software)
Amarok is a music player for KDE desktop environment.

Ignoratio elenchi
Ignoratio elenchi  is informal fallacy presenting an argument that may in itself be valid, but does not address issue in question.

Informal fallacy
An informal fallacy is an argument whose stated premises fail to supportir proposed conclusion.

Great Railway
The Great Railway was a railway company operating in United Kingdom from 1833 until 1948 when it became Region Railways.

Stimulant
Some substances mentioned above can be certain diseases.

Benzylpiperazine
Benzylpiperazine, commonly BZP is an recreational drug.

Turkish new lira
The new lira  is currency Turkey Republic Cyprus.

Izvorul Dorului River
The Izvorul Dorului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Jepii Mari River
The Jepii Mari River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Valea Călugărului River
The Valea Călugărului River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului inia.

Vâlcelul Vârful cu Dor River
The Valea Călugărului River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului inia.

Valea Uscată River
The Valea Uscată River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Pârâul Lupului (Izvorul Dorului)
The Pârâul Lupului is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Valea cu Pietriş River
The Valea cu Pietriş River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Valea Dracilor River
The Valea Dracilor River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Vâlcelul Clinului River
The Vâlcelul Clinului River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Valea Stânei River (Prahova)
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Şerpoaica River
The Şerpoaica River is a tributary Valea Stânei River inia.

Valea Căldării River (Izvorul Dorului)
The Valea Căldării River is a tributary Valea Stânei River inia.

Valea Stânei River (Izvorul Dorului)
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Valea Cârlanilor River
The Valea Cârlanilor River is a tributary Valea Stânei River inia.

Izvoraşu River (Prahova)
The Izvoraşu River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Pârâul Negru (Prahova)
The Izvoraşu River is a tributary Izvorul Dorului River inia.

Bârsa Tămaşului River
The Bârsa Tămaşului River is a headwater Bârsa River inia.

Runcu River (Bârsa)
The Runcu River Valea Runcului River is a tributary Bârsa Tămaşului River inia.

Valea Bozii River (Runcu)
The Valea Bozii River is a tributary Runcu River inia.

Şpirla Tămaşului River
The Şpirla Tămaşului River is a tributary Bârsa Tămaşului River inia.

Oedipus
Oedipus was a mythical fictional king in Greek mythology.

Gundam
Gundam is collective for all anime series about are about giant fighting robots called "Gundams".

Self-injury
Self-injury  self-harm  is an injury that a person does toir own body on purpose.

Guildford
Guildford  is county town Surrey,d.

Socratic method
The Socratic Method ,d after Greek philosopher Socrates, is a philosophical questioning in which questioner explores ideas others' positions, to stimulate rational thinking illuminate ideas.

Bill Maher
William "Bill" Maher, Jr.,  is an stand-up comedian, television host, political commentator, actor, author.

Friedrich Hund
Friedrich Hund  was a physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms molecules.

Ubuntu Live USB creator
Ubuntu Live USB Creator is anficial tool to create Live USBs Ubuntu from an iso image.

Shigella
"Shigella" is a genus bacterium.

Puppet
Puppets are objects used inatrical performances.

Paranthropus
The robust australopithecines, members extinct hominin genus "Paranthropus" ,re bipedal hominins that probably descended from gracile australopithecine hominins .

Toba catastropheory
The Toba catastropheory is a scientificory that volcano Toba  erupted.

Fatimah Jinnah Park
Fatima Jinnah Parktimes known as F-9 park  is a public recreational park situated in sector F-9 Islamabad,.

Hazratbal Shrine
The Hazratbal Shrine , is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar , Jammumir,mir.

Jama Masjid, Srinagar
Jama Masjid Mosque is a mosque in Srinagar , Jammumir,mir.

Dachigam National Park
Dachigam National Park is located 22 kilometers from Srinagar , capital city Occupiedmir within Republic India.

Hemis National Park
Hemis National Park  is a high altitude national park in Ladakh region state Jammumir in Asia.

Kishtwar National Park
Kishtwar National Park is a national park located in Doda District Jammumir,.

Salim Ali National Park
Salim Ali National Park  is a national park in Jammumir in Asia.

Ulysses (spacecraft)
Ulysses was a space probe spacecraft launched by NASA in 1990.

Şoimu River (Crişul Negru)
The Şoimu River is a tributary Crişul Mic River inia.

Zărzag River
The Zărzag River is a tributary Şoimu River inia.

Dual-tone multi-frequency
Dual-tone multi-frequency  is a way to use in-band signalling on analog lines.

Pocluşa River
The Pocluşa River is a tributary Şoimu River inia.

Crişul Mic River (Crişul Negru)
The Crişul Mic River is a branch Crişul Negru River inia.

Doba River
The Doba River is a tributary Crişul Mic River inia.

Vâlcelula Izvoarelor River
The Vâlcelula Izvoarelor River is a tributary Valea Morarului River inia.

Pârâul Dracilor
The Pârâul Dracilor is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Pârâul Lung (Valea Cerbului)
The Pârâul Lung is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Pârâul Scurt (Valea Cerbului)
The Pârâul Scurt is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Râpa Roşie River
The Râpa Roşie River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Fântâniţa River (Valea Cerbului)
The Râpa Roşie River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Baiului River
The Valea Baiului River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Gălbenele River
The Valea Gălbenele River Hornu Coamei River is a tributary Valea Coştilei River inia.

Valea Coştilei River
The Valea Coştilei River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Mălinul River
The Mălinul River is a tributary Valea Scoruşilor River inia.

Valea Comorilor River (Valea Cerbului)
The Valea Comorilor River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Căldărilor River
The Valea Căldărilor River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Caprelor River
The Valea Caprelor River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Bujorilor River
The Valea Bujorilor River is a tributary Valea Morarului River inia.

Şipotu River (Valea Morarului)
The Şipotu River is a tributary Valea Morarului River inia.

Râpa Zăpezii River
The Râpa Zăpezii River is a tributary Valea Morarului River inia.

Vâlcelul Înflorit River
The Vâlcelul Înflorit River is a tributary Valea Morarului River inia.

Valea Morarului River
The Valea Morarului River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Gâlmei River
The Valea Gâlmei River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Cerbului River (Prahova)
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Scoruşilor River
The Valea Scoruşilor River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Seacă a Baiului River
The Valea Seacă a Baiului River Cracul Dihamului River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Seacă River (Valea Cerbului)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Ţapului River
The Valea Ţapului River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Priponului River
The Valea Priponului River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Valea Urzicii River (Valea Cerbului)
The Valea Urzicii River is a tributary Valea Cerbului River inia.

Equilibrioception
Equilibrioception is sense balance.

Violence in ice hockey
Violence isten common in sport Ice Hockey.

Gerard K. O'Neill
Gerard Kitchen “Gerry” O’Neill  was an scientist.

Rosary
The rosary is a Catholic prayer using beads.

Qazaqsa
Qazaqsa is given to language written in latin alphabet.

Gilgamesh
Gilgamesh was king Uruk, an ancient city Sumer.

Spring green
Spring green is a color that is color on color wheel that is precisely halfway between cyan green.

Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Dunfermline Athletic Football Club are a football team based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline.

Greenock Morton F.C.
Greenock Morton Football Club are a football team, who currently play in Irn-Bru sponsored Football League First Division.

Livingston F.C.
Livingston Football Club is a football team based in Livingston, West.

Queen South F.C.
Queen South Football Club is a professional football club founded in 1919 located in Dumfries in south-westd.

Ross County F.C.
Ross County Football Club are a professional football team who currently play in Football League.

Irn-Bru
Irn-Bru is a carbonated drink made by Barrs ind, United Kingdom.

Rain gauge
A rain gauge is an instrument used by meteorologists hydrologists to measure precipitation in a certain amount time.

Zürich S-Bahn
Zürich S-Bahn (German "S-Bahn Zürich" is a suburban rail system that links City Zürich to its agglomeration.

Valeaciului River
The Valeaciului River is headwatersing Săcuieu River inia.

Seciu River (Săcuieu)
The Seciu River is a tributary Săcuieu River inia.

Răcad River
The Răcad River is a river inia, tributary Săcuieu River.

Răchiţele River (Criş)
The Răchiţeţe River is headwatersing Săcuieu River inia.

Odrânguşa River
The Odrânguşa River is a river a tributary Săcuieu River inia.

Mărgăuţa River
The Mărgăuţa River is a tributary Săcuieu River inia.

Săcuieu River
The Săcuieu River Henţu River Sebeş River is a tributary Crişul Repede River inia.

Thousand Foot Krutch
Thousand Foot Krutch are a hard rock band whoed in 1997.

Roshah
Roshah  is a holiday commonly "Jewish New Year." It is observed on dayrei, month Hebrew calendar.

Frăsiniş River
The Frăsiniş River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Frumoasa River (Tazlău)
The Frumoasa River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Braţul Şoimului River
The Braţul Şoimului River is a tributary Şoimu inia.

Brusturelul River
The Brusturelul River Brusturatul River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Ciunget River (Tazlău)
The Ciunget River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Căpăţâna River (Tazlău)
The Căpăţâna River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Cucuieţi River (Tazlău)
The Cucuieţi River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Boul River (Tazlău)
The Boul River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Rotăra River
The Rotăra River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Racila River
The Racila River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Peştiosul River
The Peştiosul River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Pârâul Negru (Tazlău)
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Pârâul Stânei (Tazlău)
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Cracu River (Tazlău)
The Cracu River is a tributary Pârâul Negru inia.

Solonţ River
The Solonţ River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Tulburelul River
The Tulburelul River is a tributary Şoimu River inia.

Şoimu River (Tazlău)
The Şoimu River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Tazlăul Mare River
The Tazlăul Mare River is a headwater Tazlău River inia.

Tisoasa River
The Tisoasa River is a headwater Schit River inia.

Coman River (Tazlău)
The Râul is a headwater Schit River inia.

Pârâul Negru (Coman)
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary River inia.

Sărăţaua River
The Sărăţaua River is a tributary River inia.

Schit River
The Schit River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Geamăna River (Tazlău)
The Geamăna River is a tributary Tazlăul Mare River inia.

Mass noun
In linguistics, a mass noun  is a common noun that means it does not may not end.

Dianthus
"Dianthus" is a genus about 300 species flowering plants in family Caryophyllaceae, found mainly in Europe Asia, with a few species found south to north Africa, species ("D.

American Dream
The Dream is hope that in United States America, anyone can become rich famous ify work hard.

Burdea River (Valea Roşie)
The Burdea River is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Jimboru River
The Jimboru River is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Porcul River
The Porcul River is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Pârâul Cărbunarilor (Valea Roşie)
The Pârâul Cărbunarilor River is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Pârâul lui Conea
The Pârâul lui Conea is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Pârâul lui Vereş
The Pârâul lui Vereş is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Pârâul Negru (Valea Roşie)
The Pârâul Negru River is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Valea Roşie River (Olt)
The Valea Roşie River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Vâlcelul Podului River
The Vâlcelul Podului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Groapa Podului River
The Groapa Podului River is a tributary Vâlcelul Podului River inia.

Malnaş River (Olt)
The Malnaş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Hereţ River
The Hereţ River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Fotoş River
The Fotoş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Mărtănuş River
The Mărtănuş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Minerului
The Pârâul Minerului is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Corbului (Olt)
The Pârâul Corbului is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Şoimului (Olt)
The Pârâul Şoimului is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Întunecat (Pârâul Şoimului)
The Pârâul Întunecat is a tributary Pârâul Şoimului inia.

Pârâul Calului (Olt)
The Pârâul Calului is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul lui
The Pârâul lui is a tributary Recoltiaş River inia.

Pârâul lui Hant
The Pârâul lui Hant is a tributary Recoltiaş River inia.

Pârâul Bradului (Recoltiaş)
The Bradului River is a tributary Recoltiaş River inia.

Pilişca River
The Pilişca River is a tributary Recoltiaş River inia.

Secătura River (Recoltiaş)
The Secătura River is a tributary Recoltiaş River inia.

Recoltiaş River
The Recoltiaş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Jason Upton
Jason Upton  is an independent worship leader.

Pârâul Noroios (Calnic)
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary Calnic River inia.

Dogoş River
The Dogoş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Richard Anderson
Richard Anderson  is a television actor.

Pârâul Morii (Olt)
The Pârâul Morii is a tributary Olt River inia.

Somoş River (Malnaş)
The Somoş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Michaelks
Michael Garrettks (b.

Valea Seacă River (Sfântu Gheorghe)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Rădăcinii (Valea Crişului)
The Pârâul Rădăcinii is a tributary Pârâul Mijlociu inia.

Pârâul Mare (Valea Crişului)
The Pârâul Mare is a headwater Valea Crişului River inia.

Pârâul Mijlociu (Valea Crişului)
The Pârâul Mijlociu is a headwater Valea Crişului River inia.

Ivan River (Valea Crişului)
The River is a tributary Valea Crişului River inia.

Vadăş River (Valea Crişului)
The River is a tributary Valea Crişului River inia.

Valea Crişului River (Olt)
The Valea Crişului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Mycobacterium leprae
"Mycobacterium leprae" is a bacteria.

Smells Like Teen Spirit
"Smells Like Teen Spirit" is a song by grunge band,a, fromir album "Nevermind".

Mycobacterium tuberculosis
"Mycobacterium tuberculosis" is bacterium that causes tuberculosis.

Billabong (clothing)
Billabong is an brand surf clothing which is popular with young people, inicular surf community, however, more recently skate, other sporting communities.

George Sand
Amandine "Aurore" Lucile Dupin, later Baroness t , known by her pseudonym George Sand , was a French novelist feminist.

Type 23 frigate
The type 23 frigate "Duke" class frigate is a warship operated by Royal Navy United Kingdom by Navy Chile.

Nuremberg Laws
The Nuremberg Laws is for three  thatre set into practice iny in 1935, thatre valid until 1945.

Thrice
Thrice is an experimental rock banded in 1998.

Synapse
Synapses are gaps junctions between two neurons.

Sidewalk
A sidewalk is a path for pedestrians that runs along side a road.

Bălosu River
The Bălosu River is a tributary Năruja River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Năruja)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Năruja River inia.

Mişina River
The Mişina River Mişâna River is a tributary Năruja River inia.

Secătura River (Năruja)
The Secătura River is a tributary Năruja River inia.

Petic River
The Petic River is a tributary Năruja River inia.

Năruja River
The Năruja River is a tributary Zăbala River inia.

Vâlcelul Lucăcilă River
The Vâlcelul Lucăcilă River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Valea lui Marco River
The Valea lui Marco River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Valea lui Bădescu River
The Valea lui Bădescu River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Valea lui Moise River
The Valea lui Moise River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Brătei)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Valea Stânei River (Brătei)
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Pârâulei
The Pârâulei is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Pârâul Rece (Brătei)
The Pârâul Rece is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Pârâul Mic (Brătei)
The Pârâul Mic River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Pârâul Sec (Brătei)
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Jugureanu River
Theu River is a tributary Mitarca River inia.

Folie à Deux (album)
"Folie à Deux" is Fall Out Boy's next album.

BMW
BMW Bayerische Motoren Werke is a car manufacturer maker founded in 1916.

La Poduri River
The La Poduri River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Lucăcilă River (Brătei)
The Lucăcilă River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Mitarca River
The Mitarca River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Izvorul Zănoagei River
The Izvorul Zănoagei is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Şutila River
The Şutila River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Duda Mare River
The Duda Mare River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Mazda
Mazda Motor Corporation is a car manufacturer maker based inima,.

Duda Mică River
The Duda Mică River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Brătei River
The Brătei River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Văcăria River (Brătei)
The Văcăria River is a tributary Brătei River inia.

Nisipu River
The Nisipu River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Armăsarul River (Ghimbăşel)
The Armăsarul River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei River inia.

Bucşoiu River
The Bucşoiu River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Mălăieşti River (Ghimbăşel)
The Mălăieşti River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Valea Ţigăneşti River
The Valea Ţigăneşti River is a tributaryul River inia.

Valea Rea River (Ghimbăşel)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Vâlcelul Dihamului River
The Vâlcelul Dihamului River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Vâlcelul Îndrăcit River
The Vâlcelul Îndrăcit River is a tributary Valea Glăjăriei inia.

Valea Glăjăriei River (Ghimbăşel)
The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Bratu River (Năjila)
The Bratu River is a tributary Năjila River inia.

Pârâul Sticlăriei
The Pârâul Sticlăriei is a tributary Năjila River inia.

Pârâul Turnului (Ghimbăşel)
The Pârâul Turnului is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Beuca River
The Beuca River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Năjila River
The Năjila River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Valea Lupilor River
The Valea Lupilor River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Valea lui Şmit River
The Valea lui Şmit River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Valea lui Dobre River
The Valea lui Dobre River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Pârâul Mare (Ghimbăşel)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Ghimbăşel River inia.

Graigăru River
The Graigăru River is a tributary Pârâul Mare inia.

Itapema
Itapema is a city Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Animal testing
Animal testing is a for experiments done on animals by scientists.

Campylobacter
"Campylobacter" is a bacterium.

Brobdingnagian
Unusually great in size amount degree especially extent scope .

Emperorō
Emperorō is given toihito after he died.

Emperor Meiji
Emperor Meiji Meiji Great is given to Mutsuhito after he died.

Trivium (band)
Trivium is a Heavy metal band fromdo, Florida.

Emily Browning
Emily Jane Browning  is an award winning actress, probably known for her role as Violet Baudelaire in "Lemony Snicket's A Series Unfortunate Events".

Trivium (liberal arts)
From Latin, trivium  is set three ways.

Ancient Greek boxing
Ancient Greek boxing is a very old sport.

London School Economics
The London School Economics Political Science  is a college Universty London.

Friedrich August von Hayek
Friedrich August von Hayek CH  was an economist political philosopher.

Ancient Olympic Games
The Ancient Olympic Gamesre a series athletic competitions held between city-states Ancient Greece.

Manhattan (movie)
"Manhattan" is a 1979 romantic comedy movie by director Woody Allen.

Match Point
"Match Point" is a 2005 movie by director Woody Allen.

Punching bag
A punching bag is a tough bag which is punched a lot.

Nocera Inferiore
Nocera Inferiore, is a town comune inia, Italy, in provinceo, at foot Monte Albino, 20 km east-south-east Naples by rail.

Nevado del Ruiz
Nevado del Ruiz, also known as Mount Ruiz, is an stratovolcano in Caldas Department, Colombia.

Rât River
The Rât River is a tributary Chişer River inia.

Chişer River
The Chişer River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Budieru River
The Budieru River is a river which was flowing into Crişul Alb River.

Canalul Morilor (Vărşand)
The Canalul Morilor is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia, that means it flows into Crişul Alb River.

Vâlcelul Cocora River
The Vâlcelul Cocora River is a tributary Lăptici River inia.

Valea Pietrosului River
The Valea Pietrosului River is a tributary Lăptici River inia.

Valea Trăsnetului River
The Valea Trăsnetului River is a tributary Lăptici River inia.

Lăptici River
The Lăptici River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Valea Şugărilor River
The Valea Şugărilor River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Cocora River (Ialomiţa)
The Cocora River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Scândurari River
The Scândurari River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Blana River
Thea River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Nucet River (Ialomiţa)
The Nucet River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Oboarele River
The Oboarele River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Dichiu River (Ialomiţa)
The Dichiu River is a tributary Oboarele River inia.

Scropoasa River
The Scropoasa River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Orzea River (Ialomiţa)
The Orzea River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Brânduşa River
The Brânduşa River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Gâlma River (Ialomiţa)
The Gâlma River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Tao
Tao  is a metaphysical concept found in Taoism,ism, moreten in ancient philosophy.

Zănoaga River (Ialomiţa)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Bolboci River
The Bolboci River Valea Firdaleşului River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Coteanu River
Theu River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Gâlgoiu River
The Gâlgoiu River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Vitaceae
Vitaceae are a family dicotyledonous flowering plants including grape Virginia creeper.

Vitis
"Vitis" is a genus about 60 species vining plants in flowering plant family Vitaceae.

Smiley Smile
"Smiley Smile" is studio album by The Beach Boys.

Sulfur dioxide
Sulfur dioxide  is chemical compound withula SO2.

Lemnia River
The Lemnia River is a tributary Râul Negru inia.

Tisa River (Lemnia)
The Tisa River is a tributary Lemnia River inia.

Lutoasa River (Lemnia)
The Lutoasa River is a tributary Lemnia River inia.

Horoaba River
The Horoaba River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Leşniţa River
The Leşniţa River is a tributary Horoaba River inia.

Ojdula River
The Ojdula River is a tributary Râul Negru inia.

Foreign policy
A country's foreign policy  is a set goalslining how country will interact with other countries economically, politically, socially military, to a extent, how country will interact with non-state actors.

Valea Gârbelor River
The Valea Gârbelor River is a tributary Horoaba River inia.

Orbai River
The Orbai River is a headwater Ojdula River inia.

Orbaiul Mic River
The Orbaiul Mic River is a headwater Ojdula River inia.

Lucăcilă River (Ialomiţa)
The Lucăcilă River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Pârâul Cetăţii (Saciova)
The Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary Saciova River inia.

Mircea River (Ialomiţa)
The Mircea River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Culcuşu Ursului River
The Culcuşu Ursului River is a tributary Saciova River inia.

Tătaru River (Ialomiţa)
The Tătaru River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Valea Doamnelor River
The Valea Doamnelor River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Valea Spinării River
The Valea Spinării River is a tributary Valea Doamnelor River inia.

Valea Sucheniţei River
The Valea Sucheniţei River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Valea Văcăriei River
The Valea Sucheniţei River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Lapoş River (Saciova)
The Lapoş River is a tributary Saciova River inia.

Valeaierului River
The Valeaierului River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Nadăş River (Saciova)
The Nadăş River is a tributary Saciova River inia.

Ghimbăşel River
The Ghimbăşel River Ghimbav River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Dolná Krupá
Dolná Krupá is a village in Trnava region Slovakia.

Littles
The Littles Lessers are a mountain range that are about 100 kilometers long.

Miloveanu River
Theu River is a tributary Iminog River inia.

Ciocârlia River
The Ciocârlia River is a tributaryu River inia.

Danubian Hills
The Hills is a area located in Slovakia between Danube plain to South Little Mountains to North.

Râul Hotarului (Iminog)
The Râul Hotarului is a tributary Iminog River inia.

Bălteni River
The Bălteni River is a tributary Iminog River inia.

Cleja River (Iminog)
The Cleja River is a tributary Iminog River inia.

Valea Aurie River
The Valea Aurie River is a tributary Cibin River inia.

Măncuţa River
The Măncuţa River is a tributary Mancu River inia.

Valea Hotarelor River
The Valea Hotarelor River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Krupá River
The Krupá River is a tributary Blava River in Slovakia.

Belly dance
A belly dance is a Middle type dancing.

Atreyu
Atreyu are an Heavy metal band.

Michael Laudrup
Michael Laudrup is a football player.

Clive Charles
Clive Charles is a football player.

Paul Gascoigne
Paul Gascoigne is a football player.

Marcel Desailly
Marcel Desailly is a football player.

Vinnie Jones
Vinnie Jones is a football player.

The Football League 1899-00
Statistics The Football League in season 1899/1900.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1940-41
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1940/1941.

Colombian Professional Football 1965
Statistics Professional Football in season 1965.

Division 1 1945-46
Statistics Division 1 in season 1945/1946.

La Liga 1929-30
Statistics La Liga in season 1929/1930.

Major League Soccer 2004
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2004.

Major League Soccer 2005
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2005.

Major League Soccer 2006
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2006.

Serie A 1961-62
Statistics Serie A in season 1961/1962.

Serie A 1963-64
Statistics Serie A in season 1963/1964.

Peter Schmeichel
Peter Schmeichel is a football player.

Peter Shilton
Peter Shilton is a football player.

The Football League 1900-01
Statistics The Football League in season 1900/1901.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1941-42
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1941/1942.

Colombian Professional Football 1966
Statistics Professional Football in season 1966.

Division 1 1946-47
Statistics Division 1 in season 1946/1947.

La Liga 1930-31
Statistics La Liga in season 1930/1931.

Major League Soccer 2003
Statistics Major League Soccer in season 2003.

Serie A 1964-65
Statistics Serie A in season 1964/1965.

Serie A 1966-67
Statistics Serie A in season 1966/1967.

Serie A 1967-68
Statistics Serie A in season 1967/1968.

Serie A 1968-69
Statistics Serie A in season 1968/1969.

Chris
Chris is a football player.

Marcusn
Marcusn is an soccer player.

Kit Symons
Kit Symons is a football player.

Tim Howard
Tim Howard is am soccer player.

The Football League 1901-02
Statistics The Football League in season 1901/1902.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1942-43
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1942/1943.

Colombian Professional Football 1967
Statistics Professional Football in season 1967.

Division 1 1947-48
Statistics Division 1 in season 1947/1948.

La Liga 1931-32
Statistics La Liga in season 1931/1932.

Serie A 1969-70
Statistics Serie A in season 1969/1970.

Serie A 1970-71
Statistics Serie A in season 1970/1971.

Serie A 1971-72
Statistics Serie A in season 1971/1972.

Serie A 1972-73
Statistics Serie A in season 1972/1973.

Serie A 1973-74
Statistics Serie A in season 1973/1974.

Marcelo Salas
Marcelo Salas is a football player.

Duncan Edwards
Duncan Edwards is a football player.

Roger Milla
Roger Milla is a football player.

Toni Turek
Toni Turek is a football player.

The Football League 1902-03
Statistics The Football League in season 1902/1903.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1975-76
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1975/1976.

Colombian Professional Football 1968
Statistics Professional Football in season 1968.

Division 1 1948-49
Statistics Division 1 in season 1948/1949.

La Liga 1932-33
Statistics La Liga in season 1932/1933.

Serie A 1974-75
Statistics Serie A in season 1974/1975.

Serie A 1975-76
Statistics Serie A in season 1975/1976.

Serie A 1976-77
Statistics Serie A in season 1976/1977.

Serie A 1977-78
Statistics Serie A in season 1977/1978.

Serie A 1978-79
Statistics Serie A in season 1978/1979.

Arthur, Prince Wales
Arthur Tudor  was oldest son Henry VII Elizabeth York.

Nerganiţa River
Theiţa River is a headwater Nera River inia.

Gugu River (Cungrea)
The Gugu River is a tributary Cungrea Mică River inia.

Valea Cerbului River (Gugu)
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary Gugu River inia.

Farah River
The Farah River  is a river instern.

Asuwa River
The is a river in Fukui Prefecture,.

Sagami River
The is a river in Kanagawai Prefectures on islandū,.

American Museum Natural History
The Museum Natural History , located on Upper West Side,, New York, USA, is museums in world.

Janis Joplin
Janis Lyn Joplin  was an singer, songwriter, music arranger, from Port Arthur, Texas.

Ukulele
The ukulele , also called uke for, is a chordophone classified as a plucked lute; it guitar family instruments, usually with four strings four courses strings.

Gary Glitter
Gary Glitter  is a Glam rock singer.

Rick Astley
Richard Paul Astley  is an singer, songwriter musician.

Swallows Amazons (series)
"Swallows Amazons" is a series children's books by writer Arthur Ransome.

Rick Astley discography
This article presents discography pop singer Rick Astley.

Arthur Ransome
Arthur Mitchell Ransome  was an writer journalist.

Never Gonna Give You Up
"Never Gonna Give You Up" is a dance-pop songiginally performed by Rick Astley.

Stanley Cup Playoffs
Theley Cup playoffs are an elimination tournament consisting four rounds-of-seven series.

Barcău River (Leveleş)
The Barcău River is a tributary Leveleş River inia.

Călacea River (Leveleş)
The Călacea River is a tributary Leveleş River inia.

Leveleş River
The Leveleş River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Bârzeşti River
The Bârzeşti River is a tributary Groşeni River inia.

Bluhoaie River
The Bluhoaie River Bluhoaia River is a tributary Bârzeşti River inia.

Oşoiu River (Groşeni)
The Oşoiu River is a tributary Groşeni River inia.

Râul Alb (Teuz)
The Râul Alb is a tributary Groşeni River inia.

Archişel River
The Archişel River is a tributary Groşeni River inia.

Hăsmaş River
The Hăşmaş River is a tributary Beliu River inia.

Urviş River
The Urviş River is a tributary Beliu River inia.

Sirimpău River
The Sirimpău River is a tributary Botfei River inia.

Mideş River
The Mideş River is a tributary Beliu River inia.

Deepak Chopra
Deepak Chopra  is an medical doctor writer.

Teudiaş River
The Teudiaş River is a tributary Sartiş River inia.

Renişel River
The Renişel River is a tributary Sartiş River inia.

Prime Minister Israel
The Prime Minister Israel is head Israeli government is politicalficer in Israel.

Căreac River
The Căreac River is a tributary Sartiş River inia.

Mocirla River (Teuz)
The Mocirla River is a tributary Sartiş River inia.

Mărăuş River
The Mărăuş River is a tributary Sartiş River inia.

Sartiş River
The Sartiş River is a tributary Teuz River inia.

Abukuma River
The Abukuma River  is a river in Tōhoku region.

Agano River
Theo River  is a river which flows fromima Prefecture to Niigata Prefecture in.

Arakawa River
The Arakawa River  is principal rivers flowing through Tokyo, capital city.

Chikugo River
The is called "Chikushijirō" as a nickname.

The Replacements (band)
The Replacements are an alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Fuji River
The flows fromi Prefecture to Shizuoka Prefecture in.

Hino River
The is a major river instern Tottori Prefecture, acting as main drainage for Hino River drainage system, three main drainage river in Tottori Prefecture.

Jinzū River
The is a river which flows from Gifu Prefecture to Toyama Prefecture in.

Uono River
The is a river in Niigata Prefecture in.

Ibi River
The is a tributary Kiso River located in Gifu Mie Prefectures in.

Steely Dan
Steely Dan is a rock band fromdale-on-Hudson, New York.

Mastodon (band)
Mastodon are a heavy metal band fromta, Georgia.

Poganu River
Theu River is a tributary Surdui River inia.

Padina River
The Padina River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea lui River (Lotru)
The Valea lui River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Munţişor River
The Munţişor River is a tributary Valea lui inia.

Tony Chimel
Anthony  Chimel  is an professional wrestling ring announcer.

Squeeze
Squeeze are a rock/new wave band from London,d.

Latin alphabet in turkish countries
The Latin alphabet in turkish countries is common alphabetficially used in countries with turkish languages.

Listeria
"Listeria" is a Gram-positive rod which is not capableing endospores.

Horticulturist
A horticulturist is a person who works conducts research in science art growing flowers, fruits, vegetablesnamental plants.

American Eagle Outfitters
American Eagle is a clothing store in United States Canada.

Churchd
The Churchd is national churchd.

Malcolm Young
Malcolm Mitchell Young  is an guitarist for band, DC.

A & C Black
A & C Black is a book publishing company.

Lush
Lush is an alternative rock band fromd.

Disturbed
Disturbed is an alternative metal band from Chicago, Illinois.

Survivor (band)
Survivor is a rock band from Chicago, Illinois.

Herne Bay
Herne Bay is a seaside town in Kent, South Eastd.

Murten
Murten  is a city in canton Fribourg ind.

NOT Gate
A NOT gate  is a logic gate.

Paul Breitner
Paul Breitner is a football player.

Bobby Convey
Bobby Convey is an soccer player.

Bruce Arena
Bruce Arena is a soccer player.

Jimmy Glass
Jimmy Glass is a football player.

Miklós Fehér
Miklós Fehér is a football player.

The Football League 1903-04
Statistics The Football League in season 1903/1904.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1943-44
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1943/1944.

Colombian Professional Football 1969
Statistics Professional Football in season 1969.

Division 1 1949-50
Statistics Division 1 in season 1949/1950.

La Liga 1933-34
Statistics La Liga in season 1933/1934.

Serie A 1979-80
Statistics Serie A in season 1979/1980.

Serie A 1980-81
Statistics Serie A in season 1980/1981.

Serie A 1981-82
Statistics Serie A in season 1981/1982.

Serie A 1982-83
Statistics Serie A in season 1982/1983.

Serie A 1984-85
Statistics Serie A in season 1984/1985.

Åge Hareide
Åge Hareide is a football player.

Moussa Hojeij
Moussa Hojeij is a football player.

Paul Mariner
Paul Mariner is a football player.

The Football League 1904-05
Statistics The Football League in season 1904/1905.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1944-45
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1944/1945.

Colombian Professional Football 1970
Statistics Professional Football in season 1970.

Division 1 1950-51
Statistics Division 1 in season 1950/1951.

La Liga 1934-35
Statistics La Liga in season 1934/1935.

Serie A 1985-86
Statistics Serie A in season 1985/1986.

Serie A 1986-87
Statistics Serie A in season 1986/1987.

Serie A 1987-88
Statistics Serie A in season 1987/1988.

Serie A 1988-89
Statistics Serie A in season 1988/1989.

Serie A 1989-90
Statistics Serie A in season 1989/1990.

Reculver
Reculver is a coastal town in Kent, South Eastd near Herne Bay a few miles north Canterbury.

Whitstable
Whiststable is a seaside town in Kent, southeastd.

Herne, Kent
Herne is a historical village, near Herne Bay in Kent, South Eastd.

Pier
A Pier is a raised walkway across water which are control tides currents.

CM Punk
Phillip Jack Brooks , better known by his ring CM Punk, is an professional wrestler currently Wrestling Entertainment  on its Raw brand, where he is half World Tag Team Champions with Kofi Kingston.

Charlie Haas
Charles Doyle "Charlie" Haas II  is an professional wrestler amateur wrestler currently Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.

Impossible object
An impossible object is a optical illusion.

Van Halen
Van Halen is a hard rock group from Pasadena, California.

Bündnis Zukunft Österreich
Bündnis Zukunft Österreich  is a politicaly in Austria.

Gârbea River
The Gârbea River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Valea Întunecoasă River (Trotuş)
The Valea Întunecoasă River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Aprieş River
The Aprieş River is a tributary Valea Rece River inia.

Pârâul cu Fagi (Valea Rece)
The Pârâul cu Fagi is a tributary Valea Rece River inia.

Biucavăş River
The Biucavăş River is a tributary Pârâul cu Fagi inia.

Iavardi River
The Iavardi River is a tributary Valea Rece River inia.

Sălămaş River
The Sălămaş River is a tributary Valea Rece River inia.

Valea Rece River (Trotuş)
The Valea Rece River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Bolovăniş River (Trotuş)
The Bolovăniş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Comiat River
The Comiat River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Bothavaş River
The Bothavaş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Ugra River (Trotuş)
The Ugra River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Boroş River
The Boroş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Valea Capelei River
The Valea Capelei is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Gârbova River (Trotuş)
The Gârbova River Gârbovana River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Trotuş)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Caraclău River
The Caraclău River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Vâlcele River (Trotuş)
The Vâlcele River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Cucuieţi River (Trotuş)
The Vâlcele River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Larga River (Trotuş)
The Larga River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Plopul River (Trotuş)
The Plopul River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Idealism
Idealism is philosophy that believes ultimate nature reality is ideal, based upon ideas, values, essences.

Empiricism
In philosophy, empiricism is aory that believes that all knowledge comes from experience.

Stoicism
Stoicism was a school Hellenistic philosophy was founded in Athens by Zeno Citium in early century BC.

William Godwin
William Godwin  was an journalist, political philosopher novelist.

Rose garden
A Rose garden Rosarium is a garden park,ten open to public, in which roses are grown.

Peter Kropotkin
Prince Peter  Alexeyevich Kropotkin   was Russia's important anarchists advocates anarchist communism.

Anarchist communism
Anarchist communism believes in abolition state, private property capitalism in favor common ownership means production, direct democracy a network voluntary associations, workers' councils/or a gift economy in which everyone will be free to satisfyir needs.

Johann Baptist Martinelli
Johann Baptist Martinelli (b.

Agorism
Agorism is an anarchist political philosophy founded by Samuel Edward Konkin III that believes ultimate goal as bringing about a society in which all "relations between people are voluntary exchanges a free market." The term comes from Greek word "agora," referring to an open place for assembly market in ancient Greek city-states.

Anton Pius Riegel
Anton Pius Riegel  was an architect 19-th century.

Hesperomannia arbuscula
The Mauinia  is a species flowering plant in Asteraceae family.

Eureka Tower
Eureka Tower is a 300 metre  tall skyscraper in Melbourne, Australia is tallest building in Australia when roof.

Tay Zonday
Adam Nyerere Bahner ,ten called by pseudonym Tay Zonday, is an keyboardist.

Antoine Dufour
Antoine Dufour is a French guitarist.

Vheissu
"Vheissu" is an album by experimental band Thrice.

The Artist ince
"The Artist ince" is album by post-hardcore band Thrice.

Chuck Palumbo
Charles Ronald "Chuck" Palumbo  is an professional wrestler, who is currently Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.

Vince J. McMahon
Vincent James McMahon, better known as Vince McMahon, Sr.

René Adler
René Adler  is a footballer.

Kreator
Kreator is a Metal band from Essen.

Gojira
Gojira is a death metal/thrash metal band from Bayonne,ce.

Colin Barnett
Colin James Barnett  is Premier Australia.

Nathan Rees
Nathan Rees  is Premier New South Wales.

Anna Bligh
Anna Maria Bligh  is Premierd.

Mike Rann
Michael David Rann  is Premier South Australia.

David Bartlett
David John Bartlett  is Premieria.

John Brumby
John Mansfield Brumby  is Premier Victoria.

Quentin Bryce
Quentin Alice Louise Bryce  is currentor-General Australia.

Crich Tramway Village
Crich Tramway Village, home National Tramway Museum, is a museum that is completlyside about trams tramways.

Urmeniş River (Trotuş)
The Urmeniş River Ormeniş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Iordana River (Urmeniş)
Thea River is a tributary Urmeniş River inia.

Asăul Mic River
The Asăul Mic River is a headwater Asău River inia, That means it flows into Asău River.

Asăul Mare River
The Asăul Mare River is a headwater Asău River inia.

Geamănele Mari River
The Geamănele Mari River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Şipotele River (Izvorul Negru)
The Şipotele River is a tributary Izvorul Negru River inia.

Izvorul Negru River (Asău)
The Izvorul Negru River Pârâul Negru is a tributary Asău River inia.

Făget River (Izvorul Alb)
The Făget River is a tributary Izvorul Alb inia.

Ariniş River (Izvorul Alb)
The Ariniş River is a tributary Izvorul Alb inia.

Lespezi River (Izvorul Alb)
The Lespezi River is a tributary Izvorul Alb inia.

Raţa River (Izvorul Alb)
The Raţa River is a tributary Izvorul Alb inia.

Blue-baby syndrome
Blue Baby Syndrome is an illness that begins whene amounts nitrates in water are ingested by an infant by digestive system.

Rugina River
The Rugina River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Răşcoiu River
The Răşcoiu River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Chicera River (Asău)
The Chicera River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Cetăţeni River
The Cetăţeni River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Barta River
The Barta River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Păltiniş River (Asău)
The Păltiniş River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Pârâul lui Iacob
The Pârâul lui Iacob is a tributary Asău River inia.

Pârâul Caprei (Asău)
The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary Asău River inia.

Pârâul Tulbure (Asău)
The Pârâul Tulbure is a tributary Asău River inia.

Preotese River
The River is a tributary Asău River inia.

Kings Leon
Kings Leon are a Rock music band from Tennessee, USA.

Ciungi River (Trotuş)
The Ciungi River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Seaca River (Trotuş)
The Seaca River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Dracău River
The Dracău River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Sugura River
The Sugura River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Târsecu Mic River
The Târsecu Mic River is a tributary Sugura River inia.

Duruitoarea River
The Duruitoarea River is a tributary Camenca River inia.

Râul Luncii
The Duruitoarea River is a tributary Camenca River inia.

Ciudomir River
The Ciudomir River is a tributary Tărhăuş River inia.

Tărhăuş River
The Tărhăuş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Şanţ River
The Şanţ River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Plaster
Plaster Plaster Paris is a material similar to mortar cement.

Cuchiniş River
The Cuchiniş River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Brusturoasa River
The Brusturoasa River is a tributary Trotuş River inia.

Minaret
A minaret is a structure a tower.

Omi
Omi was a very old title bothone's rankir political rank it was only by clans during Yamato time history.

Belcina River
The Belcina River Becheni River Belchin River is a tributary Mureş River inia.

Pârâul Cetăţii (Mureş)
The Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Ceahod River
The Ceahod River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Mining feasibility study
A mining feasibility study is normally done before to a mining company buying land is done to lower risk failure reduce losing money for a mining company.

Prişca River
The Prişca River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Mogoş Biuc River
The Mogoş Biuc River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Modoroş Biuc River
The Modoroş Biuc River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Gherpălocul Mic River
The Gherpălocul Mic River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Gherpălocul Mare River
The Gherpălocul Mare River is a tributary Belcina River inia.

Chişlic River
The Chişlic River is a tributary Pârâul Drugii inia.

Pârâul Drugii
The Pârâul Drugii is a headwater Araci River inia.

Pârâul Pietros (Araci)
The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary Araci River inia.

Groapa Secuilor River
The Groapa Secuilor is a tributary Araci River inia.

Hetea River
The Hetea River is a tributary Araci River inia.

Sipoş River (Araci)
The Râul Sipoş is a tributary Araci River inia.

Free market
A free market is a market where property rights are traded by a price agreed on by people selling people buying.

Vâlcele River (Araci)
The Vâlcele River is a headwater Araci River inia.

Şugaş River
The Şugaş River is a tributary Arcuş River inia.

Valea Râpoasă River (Arcuş)
The Valea Râpoasă River is a tributary Arcuş River inia.

Vadăş River (Arcuş)
The Vadăş River is a tributary Pârâul Umbros inia.

Pârâul Umbros
The Pârâul Umbros is a headwater Arcuş River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Arcuş)
The Pârâul Mare is a headwater Arcuş River inia.

Nadăş River (Debren)
The Nadăş River  is a tributary Debren River inia.

Alan Carpenter
Alan John Carpenter  was Premier Australia from 26 January 2006 to 23 September 2008.

Geoff Gallop
Professor Geoffrey Ian Gallop  was Premier Australia from 10 February 2001 to 16 January 2006.

Renton,ington
Renton is a city in King County,ington, United States.

Premier Australia
The Premier Australia is leader government.

Christian Heinrich Nebbien
Christian Heinrich Nebbien,times Heinrich Nebbien Henrik Nebbien,  was a-born landscaping architect.

Krompachy
Krompachy  is a town in Slovakia, located on valley Hornád River.

Kingfisher
Kingfisher are unmistakable bright blueange birds slow moving still water.

São José dos Pinhais
São José dos Pinhais is a city, in Greater Curitiba, in southern stateá.

Yone Minagawa
Yone Minagawa  was a supercentenarian world's oldest living person between January 29, 2007, Minagawa's death at age 114 years 221 days.

Richard G.
Richard G.

Armenians in Empire
The rule Armenia Armenia begins with initial accession Mehmed II, but it was during rule Selim II  that Armenia become an integral Empire.

Armenian Question
The term "Armenian Question" refers to powers Europe's involvement to subjects Empire beginning with Russo War 1877-78.

Annihilation
Annihilation is when aicle its antiparticle equivalent collide, release energy .

Ganges River Dolphin
The Ganges River Dolphin  is a subspecies river dolphin.

Phone Booth
Phone Booth is a 2003 film about a man trapped in a phone booth by a sniper.

Beltway sniper attacks
The Beltway Sniper attacksre a series sniper attacks on innocent civilians over threeeks in October 2002.

Ulmus wallichiana
The Elm Ulmus wallichianach., also known asmir Elm, found inmir.

State bank
The State Bank   is central bank national.

Ayubia National Park
Ayubia is a National Park in NWFP,.

Central Karakoram National Park
Central Karakoram National Park Karakoram National Park is a National Park in Areas.

Chitral National Park
Chitral National Park is national parks which owes its own individuality due to its unique features.

Richard Court
Richard Fairfax Court  was Premier Australia from 16 February 1993 to 10 February 2001.

Hazarganji National Park
Hazarganji National Park, is another national park.

Hingol National Park
Hingol National Park Hungol National Park  covers about 1,650 km².

Khunjerab National Park
Khunjerab National Park is a National park in Areas.

Kirthar National Park
'Kirthar National Park is located in Kirthar Mountains range.

Lehri Nature Park
Lehri Nature Park is situated in Jhelum District, northern Punjab,.

Carmen Lawrence
Dr Carmen Mary Lawrence  was Premier Australia from 12 February 1990 to 16 February 1993.

Machiara National Park
Machiara National Park is a national park in.

Margala Hills National Park
The Margalla Hills National Park is located in at foothills Himalayas is a National Park, north Islamabad.

Cholistan desert
Cholistan Desert  sprawls thirty kilometers from Bahawalpur, Punjab, covers an area 16,000 km².

Peter Dowding
Peter M'Callum Dowding  was Premier Australia from 25 February 1988 to 12 February 1990.

Indus Valley desert
The Indus Valley Desert is a desert ecoregion northern.

Kharan desert
Kharan Desert  is a desert located in District,,.

Thal desert
The Thal desert is situated in Punjab,.

W-PuTTY-CD
W-PuTTY-CD holds PuTTY communications protocol in a Microsoft Windows DLL file.

Valea luicisc River
The Valea luicisc River is a tributary Porumbele River inia.

Pârâul lui Pal
The Pârâul lui Pal is a tributary Gereb River inia.

Pârâul Frumos (Olt)
The Pârâul Frumos is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Noroios (Ilieni)
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary Ilieni River inia.

Pârâul Pietros (Valea Baciului)
The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary Valea Baciului River inia.

Flag Texas
The Texas flag is known as "Lone Star Flag".

Benny Benson
John Ben "Benny" Benson, Jr.

Bowling for Soup
Bowling for Soup is a Pop punk band from Wichita Falls, Texas.

Flag Alaska
The Flag Alaska has eight gold stars on dark blue.

2005 civil unrest ince
The 2005 civil unrest ince was a series riots in October November.

ASCII
ASCII is a binary code used by computers, communications equipment, other devices to handle text using alphabet.

Pârâul Ciorii
The Pârâul Ciorii is a tributary Olt River inia.

Pârâul Olarului
The Pârâul Olarului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Brebu River (Doftana)
The Brebu River is a tributarya River inia.

Valea Rea River (Brebu)
The Valea Rea River is a tributary Brebu River inia.

Valea Grecilor River
The Valea Grecilor River is a tributarya River inia.

Păltinoasa River (Doftana)
The Păltinoasa River Paltinul River is a tributarya River inia.

Vâlceaua Vlădişor River
The Vâlceaua Vlădişor River is a tributarya River inia.

Vantage Point
"Vantage Point" is a 2008 mystery thriller movie from Columbia Pictures, written by Barry Levy directed by Pete Travis.

Mogoşoaia River
The Mogoşoaia River is a tributarya River inia.

Cărăbăneasa River
The Cărăbăneasa River is a tributary Negraşu River inia.

Cucioaia River
The Cucioaia River is a tributary Negraşu River inia.

Valea Urşilor River
The Valea Urşilor River is a tributary Negraşu River inia.

Flag Hawaii
The flag Hawaii  isficial flag Hawaii as a U.S.

Negraşu River
The Negraşu River is a tributarya River inia.

Setul River
The Setul River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Secuianca River
Theca River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Dinţeasa River
The Dinţeasa River is a tributary Valea Neagră River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Doftana)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributarya River inia.

Zănoaga River (Urlăţelu)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Valea Mare River (Urlăţelu)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Urlăţelu River inia.

Richeiu River
The Richeiu River is a tributary Urlăţelu River inia.

Urlăţelu River (Doftana)
The Urlăţelu River is a tributarya River inia.

Secăria River
The Secăria River is a tributarya River inia.

Drăgan River (Doftana)
The Drăgan River is a tributary Florei River inia.

Zănoaga River (Doftana)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Florei River inia.

Băiuţu River
The Băiuţu River is a tributary Prislop River inia.

Porcăreaţa River
The Porcăreaţa River is a tributary Prislop River inia.

Valea Seacă River (Doftana)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributarya River inia.

2010 FIFA World Cup
The 2010 World cup is FIFA World Cup being held in South Africa.

Pâraie River
The Pâraie River is a tributary Muşiţa River inia.

Rusu River
The Rusu River is a tributary Valea lui Manole River inia.

Valea Caldă River (Doftana)
The Valea Caldă River is a tributary Valea lui Manole River inia.

Valea lui Manole River
The Valea lui Manole River is a tributary Muşiţa River inia.

Muşiţa River
The Muşiţa River is a tributarya River inia.

Cody Rhodes
Cody Garrett Runnels , better known by his ring Cody Rhodes, is an professional wrestler currently signed by World Wrestling Entertainment  to its Raw brand.

Doftăniţa River (Prahova)
The Doftăniţa River is a tributarya River inia.

Jimmy Reiher, Jr.
James William Reiher, Jr.,  better known as Jimmy Snuka, Jr., is an professional wrestler son professional wrestler "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka.

Jim
James Stuart , better known by his ring "Hacksaw" Jim, is an professional wrestler, currently Wrestling Entertainment  wrestling on its "Raw" brand.

Jayson Paul
Jayson Paul  is an professional wrestler better known by ring JTG .

Lance Cade
Lance K.

Matthew Kaye
Matthew Kaye  is an professional wrestler professional wrestling manager better known by his ring Matt Striker.

Micheal Moore
Michaelcis Moore  is an Academy Emmy Award-winning filmmaker, writer, political commentator.

Sicko
Sicko was a 2007 documentary movie made by Micheal Moore.

Flag Alabama
The flag Alabama was adopted by Alabama state legislature on February 16, 1895.

Flag Mexico
The Flag United States Mexico is a tricolor green, white, red with an eagle charged in center white stripe.

Flag United Kingdom
The United Kingdom Great Britaind uses as its national flag royal banner known as "Union Flag", popularly, "Union Jack".

Tommy
Tommy is a football player.

Lennie Lawrence
Lennie Lawrence is a football manager.

Neil Warnock
Neil Warnock is a football player.

John Gregory
John Gregory is a football player.

Roberto Carlos
Roberto Carlos  is a football player.

The Football League 1905-06
Statistics The Football League in season 1905/1906.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1945-46
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1945/1946.

Colombian Professional Football 1971
Statistics Professional Football in season 1971.

Division 1 1951-52
Statistics Division 1 in season 1951/1952.

La Liga 1935-36
Statistics La Liga in season 1935/1936.

Serie A 1990-91
Statistics Serie A in season 1990/1991.

Serie A 1983-84
Statistics Serie A in season 1983/1984.

Serie A 1991-92
Statistics Serie A in season 1991/1992.

Serie A 1992-93
Statistics Serie A in season 1992/1993.

Serie A 1993-94
Statistics Serie A in season 1993/1994.

Bob Wilson
Bob Wilson is a football player.

Sepp Maier
Sepp Maier is a football player.

Bob Stokoe
Bob Stokoe is a football player.

Lothar Matthäus
Lothar Matthäus  is a football player.

The Football League 1906-07
Statistics The Football League in season 1906/1907.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1946-47
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1946/1947.

Colombian Professional Football 1972
Statistics Professional Football in season 1972.

Division 1 1952-53
Statistics Division 1 in season 1952/1953.

La Liga 1939-40
Statistics La Liga in season 1939/1940.

Serie A 1994-95
Statistics Serie A in season 1994/1995.

Serie A 1995-96
Statistics Serie A in season 1995/1996.

Serie A 1996-97
Statistics Serie A in season 1996/1997.

Douglas Haig, Earl Haig
Field marshall Douglas Haig  was Scots general in World War I.

Serie A 1997-98
Statistics Serie A in season 1997/1998.

Serie A 1998-99
Statistics Serie A in season 1998/1999.

John Charles
John Charles is a football player.

Fredrik Ljungberg
Fredrik Ljungberg is a football player.

Martin Peters
Martin Peters is a football player.

Dmitri Sychev
Dmitri Sychev is a football player.

The Football League 1907-08
Statistics The Football League in season 1907/1908.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1947-48
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1947/1948.

Colombian Professional Football 1973
Statistics Professional Football in season 1973.

Division 1 1953-54
Statistics Division 1 in season 1953/1954.

La Liga 1971-72
Statistics La Liga in season 1971/1972.

Serie A 1999-00
Statistics Serie A in season 1999/2000.

Serie A 2000-01
Statistics Serie A in season 2000/2001.

Serie A 2001-02
Statistics Serie A in season 2001/2002.

Serie A 2002-03
Statistics Serie A in season 2002/2003.

Serie A 2003-04
Statistics Serie A in season 2003/2004.

José Eulogio Gárate
José Eulogio Gárate is a football player.

Shinji Ono
Shinji Ono  is a football player.

Iker Casillas
Iker Casillas  is a football player.

The Football League 1908-09
Statistics The Football League in season 1908/1909.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1948-49
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1948/1949.

Colombian Professional Football 1974
Statistics Professional Football in season 1974.

Division 1 1954-55
Statistics Division 1 in season 1954/1955.

La Liga 1972-73
Statistics La Liga in season 1972/1973.

Serie A 2006-07
Statistics Serie A in season 2006/2007.

Serie A 2007-08
Statistics Serie A in season 2007/2008.

Serie A 2004-05
Statistics Serie A in season 2004/2005.

Serie A 2005-06
Statistics Serie A in season 2005/2006.

Serie A 2008-09
Statistics Serie A in season 2008/2009.

Jamie Murphy
Jamie Murphy is a football player.

Josh Nichols (character)
Josh is a character from hit sitcom, Drake &.Josh's father's is Walter Nichols,aatherman, he lived with his dad alone, until his dad got ladyd Audrey Parker.

Crişanu River
The Crişanu River is a tributarya River inia.

Tismăniţa River
The Tismăniţa River is a tributarya River inia.

Valea lui Mareş River
The Valea lui Mareş River is a tributarya River inia.

Valea Caselor River (Sohodol)
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary Viezurata River inia.

Padul River
The Padul River is a tributary Viezurata River inia.

Sângeriş River
The Sângeriş River is a tributary Sohodol River inia.

Piscuri River
The Piscuri River Ponorici River is a tributary Pârgavu River inia.

Pârgavu River
The Pârgravu River is a headwater Sohodol River inia.

President Turkey
This is a complete list Presidents Turkey.

Sohodol River (Tismana)
The Sohodol River is a tributarya River inia.

Câlnic River (Tismana)
The Câlnic River is a tributarya River inia.

Crişanu Nou River
The Crişanu Nou River is a tributarya River inia.

Weightlifting
Weightlifting started in Dark Ages.

Păltinei River (Tismana)
The Păltinei River is a tributarya River inia.

Geamănu River
The Geamănu River is a tributarya River inia.

Gramna River
The Geamănu River is a tributarya River inia.

Dosu Cioclovinei River
The Dosu Cioclovinei River is a tributarya River inia.

Râul Schitului
The Râul Schitului is a tributarya River inia.

Cioclovina River
The Cioclovina River is a tributarya River inia.

Saşa River (Tismana)
The Saşa River is a tributarya River inia.

Chihaia River
The Chihaia River is a tributarya River inia.

Sohodol River (Orlea)
The Sohodol River is a tributary Orlea River inia.

Peşteana River (Tismana)
The Peşteana River is a tributarya River inia.

Strâmba River (Tismana)
The Strâmba River is a tributarya River inia.

Crivăţ River (Ialomiţa)
The Crivăţ River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Iazu Morilor River
The Iazu Morilor River is an old artificial canal, built for watermills.

Drăgăneasa River (Proviţa)
The Drăgăneasa River is a tributary Proviţa River inia.

Purcăreaţa River
The Purcăreaţa River is a tributary Proviţa River inia.

Vâlceaua Pietrei River
The Vâlceaua Pietrei River is a tributary Proviţa River inia.

Proviţa River
The Proviţa River is a tributary Cricovul Dulce River inia.

Cricovul Dulce River
The Cricovul Dulce River Cricov River is a tributary Ialomiţa River inia.

Valea Zanvelei River
The Valea Zanvelei River Valea Zambilei River is a tributary Dâmbovicioara River inia.

Valea Vopselelor River
The Valea Vopselelor River is a tributary Valea Peşterii inia.

Valea Ulucilor River
The Valea Ulucilor River is a tributary Valea Peşterii River inia.

Valea Peşterii River
The Valea Peşterii River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea Trăznită River
The Valea Trăznită River is a tributary Valea Muierii inia.

Valea Ursului River (Valea Brusturetului)
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary Valea Muierii inia.

Valea Muierii River (Valea Brusturetului)
The Valea Muierii River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea Fundurilor River
The Valea Fundurilor is a tributary Valea cu Apă River inia.

Valea Copilului River (Valea cu Apă)
The Valea Copilului River is a tributary Valea cu Apă inia.

Urzicaru River
The Urzicaru River is a tributary Valea Copilului River inia.

Valea cu Apă River (Valea Brusturetului)
The Valea cu Apă is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea lui Stinghie River
The Valea lui Stinghie River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea Lespezilor River
The Valea Lespezilor River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea Căpăţânelor River
The Valea Căpăţânelor River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Cheia de sub Grind River
The Cheia de sub Grind River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Vâlceaua Găinii River
The Vâlceaua Găinii River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Mullet
A mullet is a fish.

Valea Gangului River
The Valea Gangului River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea Popii River (Dâmboviţa)
The Valea Popii River is a tributary Valea Brusturetului River inia.

Valea Brusturetului River
The Valea Brusturetului River Brusturetul River is a headwater Dâmbovicioara River inia.

Valea Ancului River
The Valea Ancului River is a tributary Dâmbovicioara River inia.

Valea Muierii River (Padina Dâncioarei)
The Valea Muierii River is a tributary Padina Dâncioarei River inia.

Padina Şirnii River
The Padina Şirnii River is a headwater Padina Dâncioarei River inia.

Padina Dâncioarei River
The Padina Dâncioarei River is a headwater Dâmbovicioara River inia.

Semaphore code
Flag semaphore is a system spreading information at a distance by using two flags.

Dâmbovicioara River
The Dâmbovicioara River is a tributary Dâmboviţa River inia.

Asparagales
Asparagales is ander flowering plants.

Asparagaceae
Asparagaceae is botanical a family flowering plants.

Hesperocallis
"Hesperocallis" is a genus flowering plants that includes a single species, "Hesperocallis undulata", desert lily, found in desert areas southwest North America.

Laurales
The Laurales are ander flowering plants.

Hasbro
Hasbro is an toy company.

Bay leaf
Bay leaf ,  is aromatic leaf several species Laurel family .

Ginger
Ginger is commonly used as a cooking spice throughout world.

Revenue
Revenue  is income that a company receives from its normal business activities, usually from sales services to customers.

Net income
Net income is equal to income that a company has after subtracting costs expenses from total revenue.

Real time (media)
Real time within media is a method where events on-screen are being shown exactly asy happen.

Southern Cone
The term Cone  refers to a geographic region composed southernmost areas South America, below Tropic Capricorn.

Cian
Kian is an that comes from "Cian".

1936-37 NHL season
The 1936–37 NHL season was season National Hockey League .

William M. Jennings
William M.

Robert Esche
Robert Esche  is an professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Kontinental Hockey League's St.

Concussion
A concussion is caused by an injury to head can cause headache, dizziness, fatigue, etc.

Mercury-in-glassrmometer
Mercury is a dense, opaque, metallic gray liquid.

Language reform
Language reform is a type language planning.

Beaufort scale
The Beaufort scale is a scale for measuring wind speeds.

The Wheel Time
"The Wheel Time" is a long running fantasy series novels by Robert.

Robert
Robert was pen writing author, James Oliver Rigney Jr.

Brian Burke
Brian Thomas Burke  was Premier Australia from 25 February 1983 to 25 February 1988.

Ray O'Connor
Raymond James O'Connor  was Premier Australia from 25 January 1982 until 25 February 1983.

Charles Court
Sir Charles Walter Michael Court  was Premier Australia from 8 April 1974 to 25 January 1982.

Chang'an
Chang'an was capital ancient China more than ten dynasties in history.

John Tonkin
John Trezise Tonkin  was Premier Australia from 3 March 1971 to 8 April 1974.

Davidd
Sir Davidd  was Premier Australia from 2 April 1959 to 3 March 1971.

Albert Hawke
Albert  Redvers George Hawke  was Premier Australia from 23 February 1953 to 2 April 1959.

Ross McLarty
Sir Ross McLarty  was Premier Australia from 1 April 1947 to 23 February 1953.

Frank Wise
Frank Joseph Scott Wise  was Premier Australia from 31 July 1945 to 1 April 1947.

Early modern Europe
The early modern period is a term used by historians for period in Europe its colonies which spans three centuries between Middle Ages Industrial Revolution.

Kevin Moore (rugby league)
Kevin Moore  is a rugby league coach player.

Roman Čechmánek
Roman Čechmánek , Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender.

Jaromír Jágr
Jaromír Jágr  is a professional ice hockey right winger, who plays forgard Omsk in Kontinental Hockey League.

Spinning Jenny
The spinning jenny is a multi-spool spinning wheel.

Roman Turek
Roman Turek  is a professional ice hockey goaltender, who Stars, St.

Driveshaft
A drive shaft, driving shaft, propeller shaft, shaft is a mechanical device for transferring power from engine motor to point where work is applied.

Power loom
The power loom, a mechanized loom powered by a driveshaft, was designed in 1784 by Edmund Cartwright built in 1785, later to be perfected by William Horrocks.

Ahmadiyya
Ahmadiyya  is a movement founded in Century by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad from .

Paris Métro
The Paris Métro Métropolitain  is a rapid transit system in Paris,ce.

Heroes
Heroes is an television shown on network NBC in US, BBC 2 in UK various other stations worldwide.

Eddie Su'a
Eddie Su'a born 13 January, 1983 is a rugby league player for Cronulla Sharks in NRL.

Strings (music)
A string is a string made steel, nylon, gut which vibrates on string instruments, such as guitar, harp, piano, violin.

Peter Sellers
Richard Henry Sellers, CBE, commonly known as Peter Sellers  was a comedian actor known for his three roles in "Dr.

Saşa River (Moneasa)
The Saşa River is a headwater Moneasa River inia.

Boris Johnson
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson  is a politician journalist.

NUbuntu
nUbuntu Network Ubuntu is a project to take existing Ubuntu operating system remaster it as a Live CD Full Install with tools testing servers networks.

Bârlogel River
The Bârlogel River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Valea Lungă River (Dezna)
The Valea Lungă River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Fumuri River
The Fumuri River is a tributary Creţu River inia.

Secătura River (Creţu)
The Secătura River is a tributary Creţu River inia.

Creţu River (Moneasa)
The Creţu River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Târsu River
The Târsu River is a headwater Moneasa River inia.

Boroaia River
The Boroaia River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Valea Rugii River
The Valea Rugii River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Megheş River
The Megheş River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Valea Băilor River (Criş)
The Valea Băilor River is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Prussian blue
Prussian blue, also known as Berlin blue, is a dark blue colour which is artificially made.

Pârâul Pinilor
The Pârâul Pinilor is a tributary Moneasa River inia.

Moneasa River
The Moneasa River is a headwater Sebiş River inia.

Valea Seacă River (Dezna)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Dezna River inia.

Scăriţa River (Dezna)
The Scăriţa River is a tributary Dezna River inia.

Valea Cetăţii River (Dezna)
The Valea Cetăţii River is a tributary Dezna River inia.

Valea Strâmbă River (Dezna)
The Valea Strâmba River is a tributary Dezna River inia.

London Assembly
The London Assembly is an elected body Greater London Authority that verifies activities Mayor London.

Marilyn Manson (musician)
Brian Hugh Warner , better known by his stage Marilyn Manson, is an singer artist, known for his stage persona image as lead singer eponymous band.

Somali language
Somali  is a member Eastitic branch Afro-Asiatic language family spoken by ethnic Somalis in Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Yemen Kenya, asll as by Somali diaspora around world -- an estimated total population between 10 16 million speakers.

Gravy
Gravy is an sauce madeten from juices that run naturally from meat vegetables during cooking.

B. F. Skinner
Burrhus Frederic Skinner  was an important psychologist author.

Falmouth Academy
Falmouth Academy  is a private preparatory school for students from grades 7-12 located in Falmouth, Massachusetts on Cape Cod.

Breastfeeding
Breastfeeding is when a mother feeds her babies with her breasts.

Satyajit Ray
Satyajit Ray   was a Bengali movie director.

Petrarch
Francesco Petrarca , known in as Petrarch, was an scholar, poet, earliestce humanists.

Language planning
Language planning is attempt to influence how a language is used.

Johnny Marr
Johnny Marr  is an guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player, singer.

Years Refusal
"Years Refusal" is forthcoming ninth solo album by Morrissey, lead singer The Smiths.

Indus Waters Treaty
The Indus Waters Treaty is a water-sharing treaty between Republic Of India Islamic Republic Of.

John Willcock
John Collings Willcock  was Premier Australia from 20 August 1936 to 31 July 1945.

Philip Collier
Philip Collier  was Premier Australia from 17 April 1924 to 23 April 1930n from 24 April 1933 to 19 August 1936.

James Mitchell
Sir James Mitchell  was Premier Australia from 17 May 1919 to 15 April 1924 again from 24 April 1930 to 24 April 1933.

Folie à Deux
"Folie à Deux" is alternative rock album by rock pop band Fall Out Boy.

What a Catch, Donnie
"What A Catch, Donnie"  is single releasedf album by Fall Out Boy called "Folie à Deux".

Stade de Suisse
The Stade de Suisse is a football stadium in Bern,d.

Ken Livingstone
Kenneth Robert Livingstone  is a socialist politician.

Vatnajökull
Vatnajökull   is glacier ind.

InterCity 225
The InterCity 225 is a locomotive operating in United Kingdom.

British Rail
British Rail was national train operating company in United Kingdom from 1948 until 1997 when it was privatised.

King Cobra
The King Cobra  is world's longest venomous snake, with a length that can be ase as 5.6 m .

Cobra
Cobras  are venomous snakes familys Elapidae, several genera, buticularly "Naja".

Cape Cobra
The Cape Cobra  is a cobra inhabiting regions Africa.

Kalahari Desert
The Kalahari Desert is ae arid to semi-arid sandy area in southern Kgalagadi Africa extending 900,000 km² (362,500 sq.

Silverstein
Silverstein are an Emo banded in Ontario, Canada, in 2000.

Slătioara River (Sebiş)
The Slătioara River is a tributary Sebiş River inia.

Laz River (Sebiş)
The Laz River is a tributary Sebiş River inia.

Chioara River (Laz)
The Chioara River is a tributary Laz River inia.

Vâlceaua River
The Vâlceaua River is a tributary Sebiş River inia.

Discovering Waterfront
"Discovering Waterfront" is a song by Silverstein.

Dezna River
The Dezna River is a headwater Sebiş River inia.

Pakistan State Oil (PSO)
Pakistan State Oil  is oil market leader in.

Valea Neagră River (Negrişoara)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Negrişoara River inia.

Mahmud I
Mahmud I   was Empire from 1730 to 1754.

Mahmud II
Mahmud II   was Empire.

Mahmud II Great Seljuk
Mahmud II   proclaimed himself Seljuk sultan Baghdad in 1118 following death Mehmed I .

Mahmud Ghazni
Mahmud Ghazni  , also known as Yāmīn al-Dawlah Maḥmūd , was ruler Ghaznavid Empire from 997 until his death.

Ghaznavid Empire
The Ghaznavid Empire was a Khorāṣānian Sunni Muslim state, founded by a dynasty Turkic mamlukigin, which existed from 975 to 1187.

Mahmud Shah (Sultan Malacca)
Sultan Mahmud Shah  ruled Malacca from 1488 to 1528.

Mahmud Shahi
Mahmud Shahi was ruleri Empire between 1801 1803, again between 1809 1818.

Durrani Empire
Thei Empire  was ae state found in modern later included northeastern evensstern India.

Cognitive psychology
Cognitive psychology is a branch psychology that looks into internal mental processes such as problem solving, memory, language.

Mahmut Celal Bayar
Mahmut Celal Bayar  was a politician, statesman President Turkey.

Perceptual psychology
Perceptual psychology is a subfield cognitive psychology that is concerned specifically with pre-conscious innate aspects human cognitive system perception.

Mahmoud Abbas
Mahmoud Abbas  , also known by Kunya Abu Mazen , was elected President National Authority  on January 9, 2005.

Abid Hamid Mahmud
Lieutenant General Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was an Iraqi militaryficer under Saddam Hussein's deposed regime.

Social psychology
Social psychology is study how people groups interact.

Mahmoud ania
Mahmoud Fahmi ania   was an political figure.

Neuropsychology
Neuropsychology is scientific discipline that studies structure function brain common psychological processes overt behaviors.

Abnormal psychology
Abnormal psychology is interpretive scientific study abnormal thoughts behavior inder to understand correct abnormal patterns functioning.

John B. Watson
John Broadus Watson  was an psychologist who established psychological school behaviorism, after doing research on animal behavior.

Indian
Indian comprises several dialects varieties spoken primarily in India, by-generation members diaspora.

Ivan Pavlov
Ivan Petrovich Pavlov  was a physiologist, psychologist, physician.

Hamilton College
Hamilton College is a private, independent, liberal arts college located in Clinton, New York.

Jon Stewart
Jon Stewart , is an comedian, satirist, actor, writer, producer.

Negrişoara River (Sebiş)
The Negrişoara River is a tributary Sebiş River inia.

Minezel River
The Minizel River is a tributary Sebiş River inia.

Sebiş River
The Sebiş River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Quagga
The quagga  is a recently extinct mammal, closely zebras.

Przewalski's Horse
The Przewalski's horse ("Equus przewalskii" "E.

Chilodia River
The Chilodia River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Nadăş River (Crişul Alb)
The Nadăş River  is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Stupişnic River
The Stupişnic River is a tributary Serăstrău River inia.

Milova River (Lugoj)
The Milova River is a tributary Lugoj River inia.

Nation state
The nation state is a certain state that has a territorium where mainly nation lives.

Lugoj River
The Lugoj River is a tributary Dudiţa River inia.

Dudiţa River
The Dudiţa River is a tributary Serăstrău River inia.

Joseph McCarthy
Joseph Raymond McCarthy  was an politician who served as a U.S.

Serăstrău River
The Serăstrău River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Bodroc River
The Bodroc River is a tributary Almaş River inia.

Valea Mare River (Almaş-Criş)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Almaş River inia.

Valea Mare River (Drauţ)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Drauţ River inia.

Stojarţ River
The Stojarţ River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Şoimaş River
The Şoimaş River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Highiş River
The Highiş River is a tributary Şoimaş River inia.

Miniş River (Cigher)
The Miniş River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Minişel River
The Minişel River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Bârzăviţa River (Cigher)
The Bârzăviţa River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Drauţ River
The Drauţ River is a tributary Cigher River inia.

Brusturescu River
The Brusturescu River is a tributary Zimbru River inia.

Luştiu River
The Luştiu River is a tributary Zimbru River inia.

Dulcele River
The Dulcele River is a tributary Zimbru River inia.

Zimbru River
The Zimbru River Ioşel River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Feniş River
The Feniş River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Crocna River
The Crocna River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Dumbrăviţa River (Crişul Alb)
The Dumbrăviţa River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Craicova River
The Craicova River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Topasca River
The Topasca River is a tributary Crişul Alb River inia.

Poet laureate
A Poet Laureate is a poetficially appointed by government a country.

Căluieţ River
The Căluieţ River is a tributary Călui River inia.

Călui River
The Călui River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Dobreţu River
The Dobreţu River is a tributary Horezu River inia.

Horezu River (Geamărtălui)
The Horezu River is a tributary Geamărtălui River inia.

Bălăşiţa River
The Bălăşiţa River Bălşiţa River Băleasa River is a tributary Geamărtălui River inia.

Emperors
This is a traditional list Emperors.

Geamărtălui River
The Geamărtălui River Gemărtălui River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Katy Perry
Katy Perry  is an dance-pop singer.

One Boys (Katy Perry album)
"One Boys" is album by pop singer Katy Perry.

I Kissed a Girl
"I Kissed a Girl" is single by pop singer Katy Perry from her album "One Boys" , produced by Dr.

Hot N Cold
"Hot N Cold" is single by pop singer Katy Perry.

I Am…
"I Am..." - is solo studio album by R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles Background.

If I Were a Boy
"If I Were a Boy" - is a song by R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, written by Toby Gad, BC Beyoncé Knowles for her solo album, "I Am...

Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)
"Single Ladies " - is a song by R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, written by The-Dream, Tricky Stewart Beyoncé Knowles for her solo album, "I Am...

Protocol (computing)
In computing, a protocol is language used by computers while talking with each other.

Secure Shell
Secure Shell SSH is anet Protocol exchange data using a secure channel between two computers talking with each other.

Application programming interface
An Application Programming Interface  is a set functions, procedures, methods classes used by computer programs to requests services from operating system, software libraries any other service providers running on computer.

Peregrine Falcon
The Peregrine Falcon  is a cosmopolitan bird prey in family Falconidae.

Mozilla Public License
The Mozilla Public License  is a free open source software license.

Pakistan-Syria relations
Pakistan–Syria relations are relations between Syria.

Cuba relations
Cubani relations are bilateral relations between Republic Cuba Islamic Republic.

Ubisoft
Ubisoft is a company that makes video games.

Permissive software license
A permissive free software licence is a free software licence for a copyrighted work thatfers freedoms such as publishing a work to public domain.

Iraq relations
Iraq–Pakistan relations are relations between Iraq.

Kuwait relations
Kuwait–Pakistan relations are relations between Kuwait.

Hero / Heroine
"Hero / Heroine" is single by rock rollative pop band Boys Like Girls.

Thunder (Boys Like Girls song)
"Thunder" is a single released by rock band Boys Like Girls.

1.22.03.Acoustic
1.22.03.Acoustic is an acoustic compilation album released by pop-rock band "Maroon 5".

Live from SoHo (Maroon 5 album)
Live from SoHo is a live album by rock band Maroon 5.

Alexander
Alexander  was a writer a leading member anarchist movement early centuries.

Murray Bookchin
Murray Bookchin  was an libertarian socialist, political social philosopher, speaker writer.

Carlo Cafiero
Carlo Cafiero  was an anarchist friend Mikhail Bakunin during half century.

Benito Juarez
Benito Pablo Juárez García  was a Zapotec who served five terms , , , , , as President Mexico.

Madeleine Albright
Madeleine Korbel Albright  was woman to become United States Secretary State.

James Carville
James Carville  is an political consultant, commentator, actor, attorney, media personality pundit.

Colin Powell
Colin Luther Powell, KCB , MSC,  is a retired General in United States Army.

United States Secretary State
The United States Secretary State  is head United States Department State, that deals with foreign affairs.

Jacques Ellul
Jacques Ellul  was a French philosopher, sociologist,ologian, anarchist.

Johann Most
Johann Joseph Most  was a anarchistator.

Francesco Saverio Merlino
Francesco Saverio Merlino  was an lawyer, anarchist activistorist libertarian socialism.

Murray N. Rothbard
Murray Newton Rothbard  was an economist School who helped define modern libertarianism founded a free-market anarchism called by himself "anarcho-capitalism".

Carlo Tresca
Carlo Tresca  was an-born anarchist, newspaper editor, labor agitator.

Benjamin Tucker
Benjamin Ricketson Tucker  was a leading proponent individualist anarchism in century, editor publisher individualist anarchist periodical "Liberty".

John
John  is an anarchist primitivist philosopher author.

2014 FIFA World Cup
The 2014 FIFA World cup is FIFA World Cup being held in Brazil.

Ephedrine
Ephedrine  is an alkaloid found in plants genus Ephedra.

Emiliano Zapata
Emiliano Zapata Salazar  was a leader in Revolution, which started in 1910.

Pseudoephedrine
Pseudoephedrine  is a decongestant.

Scion
Scion is a brand cars sold by Toyota in United States.

Flag Antarctic Territory
The flag Christmasd was adopted in 1986.

Philippsburg
Philippsburg is a city iny.

Ainsworth, Wisconsin
Ainsworth is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States.

Bex
Bex is a municipality in canton Vaud,d.

Erwitte
Erwitte is a town in district Soest.

Lungu River
The Lungu River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Covasna River (Bahlui)
The Covasna River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Rediu River (Bahlui)
The Rediu River Fundu Văii River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Bogonos River
The Bogonos River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Roşior River
The Roşior River is a tributary Bogonos River inia.

Putina River (Bahlui)
The Putina River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Tamarca River
The Tamarca River Tătarca River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Ileana River
Thea River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Comarna River
The Comarna River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Balciu River
The Balciu River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Valea Adâncă River (Balciu)
The Valea Adâncă River is a tributary Balciu River inia.

Boghea River
The Boghea River is a tributary Balciu River inia.

Corneşti River (Balciu)
The Corneşti River is a tributary Balciu River inia.

Păiş River
The Păiş River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

Barboşica River
The Barboşica River is a tributary Păiş River inia.

Boroşoaia River
The Boroşoaia River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

Sbanţ River
Theţ River is a tributary Jijioara River inia.

John Krasinski
John Burke Krasinski  is an actor, film director writer.

United States Department State
The United States Department State,ten State Department, is Cabinet-level foreign affairs agency United States government, similar to foreign ministries, foreignfices, ministries external relations, etc.

United States Cabinet
The United States Cabinet  is composed senior appointedficers executive branch federal government United States, its existence dates back to President , who appointed a Cabinet four people  to advise assist him in his duties.

United States Attorney General
The United States Attorney General is head United States Department Justice concerned with "legal affairs" is chief law enforcementficer United States government.

United States Secretary Agriculture
The United States Secretary Agriculture is head United States Department Agriculture.

List United States Cabinets
The following is a list United States Cabinets by President United States under whichy operated.

United States Secretaryd Security
The United States Secretaryd Security is head United States Departmentd Security, body concerned with protecting homeland safety citizens.

United States Departmentd Security
The United States Departmentd Security , commonly known in United States as "Homeland Security", is a Cabinet department U.S.

United States Secretary Interior
The United States Secretary Interior is head United States Department Interior.

United States Secretary Commerce
The United States Secretary Commerce is head United States Department Commerce concerned with business industry; Department states its mission to be "to foster, promote, develop foreign domestic commerce." Until 1913re was Secretary Commerce Labor, uniting this department with Department Labor, which is now headed by a separate Secretary Labor.

United States Department Commerce
The United States Department Commerce is Cabinet department United States government concerned with promoting economic growth.

United States Department Interior
The United States Department Interior  is a Cabinet department United States government that manages conserves federally owned land.

United States Department Justice
The United States Department Justice  is a Cabinet department in United States government law defend interests United States according to law to ensure fair impartial administration justice for alls.

United States Department Agriculture
The United States Department Agriculture  is a United States Federal Executive Department .

United States federal executive departments
The United States federal executive departments are among oldest primary units executive branch federal government United States—the Departments State, War, Treasury all being established within a feweks each other in 1789.

United States Department Labor
The United States Department Labor is a Cabinet department United States government responsible for occupational safety, wage hour standards, unemployment insurance benefits, re-employment services, economic statistics.

United States Secretary Labor
The United States Secretary Labor is head Department Labor who exercises control over department enforces suggests laws involving unions, workplace all other issues involving any business-person controversies.

Raster image processor
A Raster image processor is a component that can be found in printers.

Sligo Rovers F.C.
Sligo Rovers are an association football team ind.

Eircom Premier Division
The Eircom football league was a football league in Republicd.

Sligo
Sligo is a town in County Sligo,d.

Fort Campbell
Fort Campbell is a United States Army fort found between Hopkinsville, Kentucky, Clarksville, Tennessee.

Harlem
Harlem is a neighborhood in New York City borough was a village independent New York City until 1873.

Eastern Summertime
Eastern Summer Time  is given to daylight savings time which countries in Europe have.

Taxane
The taxanes are chemical substances produced by plants genus "Taxus" .

Brooch
A brooch is a piece jewelry that is.

Flares
Flares  are trousers that become wider from knees downwards.

Autopsy
An autopsy  is a medical examination a corpse to find killed it .

Supro Ozark 1560 S
The Supro Ozark is an old electric guitar with only pick-up.

Stormbreaker (novel)
"Stormbreaker" is a 2000 book by writer Anthony Horowitz.

Event-driven programming
In computer programming, event-driven programming also known as event-based programming is a programming method in which flow program is determined by sensorputs user actions such as  by messages from other programs threads running on computer.

Leeds Bradfordational Airport
Leeds Bradfordational Airport is ae airport in Yeadon, Leeds also near Bradford in Westire,d.

Leeds University
Leeds University is a university in Leeds,d.

Wetherby
Wetherby is a town in Westire,d.

Dynamic-link library
Dynamic-link library , is Microsoft's implementation shared libraries used by Microsoft Windows operating systems.

Jack Peddie
Jack Peddie is a football player.

Nwankwo Kanu
Nwankwo Kanu  is a football player.

Jay-Jay Okocha
Jay-Jay Okocha  is a football player.

Nicky Butt
Nicky Butt is a football player.

The Football League 1909-10
Statistics The Football League in season 1909/1910.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1949-50
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1949/1950.

Colombian Professional Football 1975
Statistics Professional Football in season 1975.

Division 1 1955-56
Statistics Division 1 in season 1955/1956.

Serie A 1957-58
Statistics Serie A in season 1957/1958.

Serie A 1958-59
Statistics Serie A in season 1958/1959.

Serie A 1959-60
Statistics Serie A in season 1959/1960.

Serie A 1960-61
Statistics Serie A in season 1960/1961.

Serie A 1962-63
Statistics Serie A in season 1962/1963.

Serie B
Serie B is a football league which is division in Italy.

Serie B 1962-63
Statistics Serie B in season 1962/1963.

Michael Cole
Michael Coulthard  better known by his stage Michael Cole, is an news journalist current play-by-play announcer for World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw.

Rlogin
In computing, rlogin is a Unix program that allows users to log in on another host using a network.

Vasily Zaytsev
Captain Vasily Grigoryevich Zaytsev   was a Soviet sniper during World War II.

Mike Adamle
Michael David Adamle  is a sports personality National Football League player.

Port forwarding
Port forwarding, also port mapping, is a method forwarding a network port from network node to another.

Paul Burchill
Paul Burchill  is an professional wrestler, currently Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.

Serial port
In computing, a serial port is a "serial communication physical interface" through which information transfers, either in, bit at a time .

Bambi
"Bambi" is an animated movie produced by Walt Disney.

List software licenses
This is a list Software Licenses.

Flagds
The flagds is a tricolour red, white, blue.

Coat Armsds
The Greater Coat Arms Realm, , is Coat Arms Royal Familyds.

Flag US Virginds
The flag United States Virginds was adopted in 1922.

Morphine (band)
Morphine is anative Rock banded in 1989.

Pietro Acciarito
Pietro Umberto Acciarito  was an anarchist.

Good (Morphine album)
"Good" is album by rock band Morphine.

Francisco Ascaso
Francisco Ascaso Budría  was a famous Anarcho-syndicalist in Spain, friend Buenaventura Durruti.

Cure for Pain
"Cure For Pain" was album released by band Morphine.

Marie Louise Berneri
Marie Louise Berneri  was an anarchist activist author.

Marco Camenisch
Marco Camenisch is a Swiss anarchist environmental activist.

Sante Geronimo Caserio
Sante Geronimo Caserio  was an anarchist that stabbed French president French Third Republic Marieçois Sadi Carnot.

Pakistan Day
Pakistan Day is a legal holiday in nation state, observed on January 28.

Badshahi Mosque
Theahi Mosque , 'Emperor's Mosque', was built in 1673 by Mughal Emperorgzeb in Lahore,.

Minar-e
Minar-e  is a tall minaret in Iqbal Park Lahore, built in commemoration Lahore Resolution.

Mazar-e-Quaid
Mazar-e-Quaid  National Mausoleum refers to tomb founder, Muhammad Ali Jinnah.

Craig Anton
Craig Ward Anton  is an actor comedian.

Queer as Folk (U.S.)
"Queer as Folk" is an/Canadian television series that aired from 2000-2005 on Showtime.

United States Secretary Health Services
The United States Secretary Health Services is head United States Department Health Services, concerned with "health matters." The Secretary is a member President's Cabinet.

United States Department Health Services
The United States Department Health Services , is a Cabinet department United States government with goal protecting health alls providing essential human services.

United States Secretary Energy
The United States Secretary Energy is head United States Department Energy, a member President's Cabinet, fifteenth in Presidential line succession.

United States Department Energy
The United States Department Energy  is a Cabinet-level department United States government responsible for energy policy nuclear safety.

Dead Memories
"Dead Memories" is single by Slipknot from album "All Hope Is Gone".

Ted DiBiase, Jr.
Theodore Marvin DiBiase, Jr.

Clinton, Mississippi
Clinton is a city in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.

Apollo Beach, Florida
Apollo Beach is an unincorporated census-designated place in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States.

Loco,d
Loco is a village municipality in canton Ticino,d.

Robert Gates
Robert Michael Gates  is currently serving as United States Secretary Defense.

Director Central Intelligence
The Office United States Director Central Intelligence  was established by U.S.

Donald Rumsfeld
Donald Henry Rumsfeld  is a United States businessman politician.

Robert McNamara
Robertge McNamara  is an business executive United States Secretary Defense.

James Forrestal
James Vincent Forrestal  was a United States Secretary Navy United States Secretary Defense.

Yaoi
Yaoi , is a term for fiction that shows homosexual male relationships, but, is usually created by females.

Yuri
Yuri  is a genre about love between two women in manga, anime, other media.

Immigration
Immigration is movement people across countries.

White Lion
White Lion is a rock band from New York City.

Mike Tramp
Mike Tramp  is a singer who sings for White Lion.

Delta, Columbia
Delta is a place in Columbia, Canada.

Surrey, Columbia
Surrey is a city in Columbia, Canada.

Mark Lambert (rugby union)
Mark Lambert born 19 February, 1985 ind is a rugby union player for Harlequins in Guinnessip.

Sadism
Sadism is a medical condition where people can derive pleasure from humiliating hurting other people.

James Inglis (rugby union)
James Inglis born 26 August, 1986 ind is a rugby union player for Harlequins in Guinnessip.

Shane O'Connor
Shane O'Connor born 29 March, 1983 ind is a rugby union player for Harlequins in Guinnessip.

Alex Rogers
Alex Rogers born 16 December, 1986 ind is a rugby union player for Harlequins in Guinnessip.

Gareth Williams (rugby union)
Gareth Williams born 7 March, 1988 in Wales is a rugby union player for Harlequins in Guinnessip.

Davidey
Davidey born 3 March, 1979 ind is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in Guinnessip.

Ryan Prosser
Ryan Prosser born 10 July, 1988 ind is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in Guinnessip.

Iain Grieve
Iain Grieve born 19 February, 1987 ineng,a is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in Guinnessip.

Chris Ashwin
Chris Ashwin  is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in Guinnessip.

Network address translation
In computer networking, network address translation  is a technique modifying network address information in IP packet headers while transferring packet across a traffic routing device, such technique remaps a given address space into another address space.

Rey Mysterio, Jr.
Oscar Gutierrez  better known by his ring Rey Mysterio, is an professional wrestler currently Wrestling Entertainment  wrestling on its Raw brand.

Router
A router is a computer whose software hardware are usually tasks routing forwarding information.

Masochism
Masochism is a medical condition where people can derive pleasure from being humiliated hurt by other people.

Joner
Joner born 15 September, 1988 in Kingston-upon-Thames, London,d is a rugby union player for London in Guinnessip.

Lachlan Mitchell
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September, 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in Guinnessip.

Charlie Beech
Charlie Beech born 21 July, 1987 in Stevenage,d is a rugby union player for London Wasps in Guinnessip.

Showgrounds
The Showgrounds is a football stadium in Sligo,d.

Hugo Ellis
Hugo Ellis born 4 February, 1988 in Isleworth, London,d is a rugby union player for London Wasps in Guinnessip.

Ross Batty
Ross Batty born 20 September, 1986 ind is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in Guinnessip.

Tim Swinson
Tim Swinson born 17 February, 1987 in London,d is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in Guinnessip.

Rory Clegg
Rory Clegg born 6 January, 1990 iny is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in Guinnessip.

Private network
Inet terminology a private network is typically a network that uses private IP address space, following RFC 1918 standard.

Paul Cook (footballer)
Paul Anthony Cook  is an footballer current manager Sligo Rovers F.C.

David Cook (singer)
David Cook is anative rock Post grunge singer-songwriter.

Roddy Piper
Roderick George Toombs  better known by his ring "Rowdy" Roddy Piper, is a semi-retired professional wrestler, movie actor.

Lolicon
, is a slang word for phrase "Lolita complex".

Behemoth
Behemoth is a blackened death metal band fromsk,d.

Studio Ghibli
Studio Ghibli is a movie studio from that makes Anime movies.

Reverse DNS lookup
Reverse DNS lookup  is process determining hostname host computer associated with a given IP address any other type network address.

Polis
A polis  means a city, a city-state also citizenship body citizens.

Doujinshi
is a work that person creates alone.

Mumia Abu-Jamal
Mumia Abu-Jamal  is an who was convicted for 1981 murder policeficer Daniel Faulkner.

Overkill
Overkill is a thrash metal band from New Jersey.

The Police
"For law enforcement see police" The Policere a rock band fromd who played a style rock that was influenced by jazz, punk reggae music.

Damageplan
Damageplan was a heavy metal band from Dallas, Texas.

Down (band)
Down is a heavy metal band from News,a.

Triple DES
In cryptography, Triple DES is a block cipher derived from Data Encryptiondard  cipher by using it three times.

Breakout (album)
"Breakout" is studio album by singer Miley Cyrus.

7 Things
"7 Things" is a single released June 2008f album "Breakout" by Miley Cyrus.

Girls Just Want to Have Fun
"Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is a song by Cyndi Lauper.

Advanced Encryptiondard
In cryptography,ced Encryptiondard , which is also known as Rijndael, is a block cipher algorithm adopted as an encryption standard by U.S.

Shounen (media)
Shounen is a type media meant for boys usually between ages about 10 17.

Smile In Your Sleep
Smile in your sleep is a 2006 single released by Emo band silverstein.

The Amazing Race
The Amazing Race is a reality television/game show.

Global financial crisis September–October 2008
The global financial crisis September–October 2008 is a major ongoing financial crisis, worst its since Great Depression.

Detritivore
Detritivores  are animals that feed on deadganisms  breakm down into molecules.

Skid Row
Skid Row is a Heavy metal band from Toms River, New Jersey.

Every Sunday (Novel)
Every Sunday is a book by Peter Pezzelli.

Carbon cycle
The Carbon Cycle is a biogeochemical process where carbon is recycled through ecosystem.

McCain Democrat
McCain Democrat is a term meaning Democrats who have supported Senator John McCain in 2008 United States Presidential Election.A series Polls since June have shown a downward trend over time in cross-party support for McCain.

Obama
Obama is a term who support Barack Obama for President United States in 2008 presidential election.

United States Secretary War
The Secretary War was a member United States President's Cabinet, beginning with Georgeington's administration.

United States Secretary Navy
The United States Secretary Navy  is civilian head Department Navy.

United States Postmaster General
The United States Postmaster General is executive head United States Postal Service.

White House Chief Staff
The White House Chief Staff is highest-ranking member Executive Office President United States a senior aide to President.

Edmund Randolph
Edmund Jenings Randolph  was an attorney,or Virginia, Secretary State, United States Attorney General.

John R.
John Roy  wast to President United States serving President Harry S.

James Baker
James Addison Baker, III , is a attorney, politician, political administrator, political adviser.

National Library China
The National Library China is world's libraries found in Beijing, China.

Alessandro dos Santos
Alessandro dos Santos  is a football player.

Ronaldinho
Ronaldinho  is a football player.

Lesd
Lesd is a football player.

The Football League 1910-11
Statistics The Football League in season 1910/1911.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1950-51
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1950/1951.

Colombian Professional Football 1976
Statistics Professional Football in season 1976.

Division 1 1956-57
Statistics Division 1 in season 1956/1957.

Serie B 1965-66
Statistics Serie B in season 1965/1966.

Serie B 1980-81
Statistics Serie B in season 1980/1981.

Serie B 1982-83
Statistics Serie B in season 1982/1983.

Serie B 1993-94
Statistics Serie B in season 1993/1994.

Serie B 2001-02
Statistics Serie B in season 2001/2002.

Serie B 2002-03
Statistics Serie B in season 2002/2003.

Chris Sutton
Chris Sutton is a football player.

Teddy Sheringham
Teddy Sheringham is a football player.

Dwight Yorke
Dwight Yorke is a football player from Trinidad Tobago.

Uwe Seeler
Uwe Seeler is a football player.

Herbert
Herbert is a football player.

The Football League 1911-12
Statistics The Football League in season 1911/1912.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1951-52
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1951/1952.

Colombian Professional Football 1977
Statistics Professional Football in season 1977.

Division 1 1957-58
Statistics Division 1 in season 1957/1958.

Serie B 2003-04
Statistics Serie B in season 2003/2004.

Serie B 2004-05
Statistics Serie B in season 2004/2005.

Serie B 1991-92
Statistics Serie B in season 1991/1992.

Serie B 1992-93
Statistics Serie B in season 1992/1993.

Serie B 2006-07
Statistics Serie B in season 2006/2007.

Serie B 1987-88
Statistics Serie B in season 1987/1988.

Jarien
Jarien is a football player.

Denis Compton
Denis Compton is a football player.

Jan Mølby
Jan Mølby is a football player.

Tore André Flo
Tore André Flo is a football player.

Iváno
Iváno is a football player.

The Football League 1912-13
Statistics The Football League in season 1912/1913.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1952-53
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1952/1953.

Colombian Professional Football 1978
Statistics Professional Football in season 1978.

Division 1 1958-59
Statistics Division 1 in season 1958/1959.

Serie B 1988-89
Statistics Serie B in season 1988/1989.

Serie B 1989-90
Statistics Serie B in season 1989/1990.

Serie B 1997-98
Statistics Serie B in season 1997/1998.

Serie B 1998-99
Statistics Serie B in season 1998/1999.

Serie B 1999-00
Statistics Serie B in season 1999/2000.

Marc Jones
Marc Jones born 3 April, 1987 in Pontypridd, Wales is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Serie B 2000-01
Statistics Serie B in season 2000/2001.

Mark Hopley
Mark Hopley born 1 May, 1984 in Crewe,d is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in Guinnessip.

Formentera
Formentera is 4 baleraric islands with population.

Minorca
Minorca  is east Balearicds.

Data Encryptiondard
The Data Encryptiondard  is a cipher  selected by NBS as anficial Federal Information Processingdard  for United States in 1976n widely used internationally.

Sajid Mahmood
Sajid Iqbal Mahmood  is an cricketeri Janjua Rajput descent.

Flag Sri Lanka
The Flag Sri Lanka, also called Lion Flag, consists gold lion passant, holding a sword in its right fore paw, in front a crimson background with four golden bo leaves in each corner.

RC4
In cryptography, RC4  is common software stream cipher.

General Electric
General Electric is a company in USA.

Blowfish (cipher)
In cryptography, is a keyed, symmetric block cipher, made in 1993 by Bruce Schneier since 1993 has been included in ae number encryption products.

Hal Colebatch
Sir Harryall Colebatch  was Premier Australia from 17 April to 17 May 1919.

Henry Lefroy
Sir Henry Bruce Lefroy  was Premier Australia from 28 June 1917 to 17 April 1919.

Chevvy Pennycook
Chevvy Pennycook born 6 April, 1987 in Bristol,d is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in Guinnessip.

John
John  was Premier Australia from 7 October 1911 to 27 July 1916.

Frank Wilson
Frank Wilson  was Premier Australia from 16 September 1910 until 7 October 1911n again from 27 July 1916 until 28 June 1917.

Newton Moore
Sir Newton James Moore  was Premier Australia from 7 May 1906 until 16 September 1910.

Mathew Turner
Mathew Turner born 18 January, 1988 in Cape Town, South Africa is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in Guinnessip.

Andrew Card
Andrew Hill "Andy" Card Jr.

Eton College
Eton College, just Eton, is a world-famous independent school for boys.

PuTTY
PuTTY is a terminal emulator application which can act as a client for SSH, Telnet, rlogin, raw TCP computing protocols.

Secure copy
Secure Copy SCP is a method securely transferring computer files between a local a remote host between two remote hosts, using SSH protocol.

Migros
Migros is a supermarket chain found ind other countries.

SSH file transfer protocol
In computing, SSH Filesfer Protocol  is a network protocol that provides file transfer management functionalities over any reliable data stream TCP.

Computer security
Computer security is a branch information technology known as information security which is computers.

Mark Odejobi
Mark Odejobi born 18 January, 1988 in London,d is a rugby union player for London Wasps in Guinnessip.

Damien Varley
Damien Varley born 29 October, 1983 ind is a rugby union player for London Wasps in Guinnessip.

Crayon Shin-chan
Crayon Shin-chan  is a manga anime series written byito Usui.

Hamtaro
The Adventures Hamtaro  is a children's storybook series by Ritsuko Kawai.

Finn Harps
Finn Harps are a football team ind.

Sadomasochism
Sadomasochism is a word which isly used in a social  way.

Lanzarote
Lanzarote is Canaryds.

Line Actual Control
The Line Actual Control  is effective border between India China.

McMahon Line
The McMahon Line is a demarcation line drawn on map Convention, a treaty between Britain Tibet signed in 1914.

Muradabad
Moradabad  is a city a municipal corporation in Muradabad District in state Uttar.

Theodor Heuss
Theodor Heuss  was a politician.

India maritime trespassing
India maritime trespassing refers to frequent trespassing violation respective national territorial waters India in peacetime.

Indoi barrier
The Indoi barrier is a 4,000-kilometer fence that India is presently constructing to sealfi international border from wasly East Bengal.

Indianmir barrier
Themir barrier is a 550 km  illegal separation barrier along 740 km  disputed 1972 Line Control  betweeni controlledmir: Jammumir, India Liberatedmir .

Frank-Walter Steinmeier
Frank-Walter Steinmeier  is a politician.

Tipper Gore
Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson Gore  is an author, photographer, "Second Lady United States," wife Al Gore.

Wife Vice President United States
The "Second Lady United States" is wife Vice President United States.

Lynne Cheney
Lynne Ann Vincent Cheney  is current Second Lady United States, wife United States Vice President Dick Cheney.

Graphium sarpedon
"Graphium sarpedon", common bluebottle, is a species swallowtail butterfly found in South Southeast Asia, asll ass Australia.

Bama Boyz
The Bama Boyz  are a Grammy-nominated, Dove Award winning, record production, songwriting, artist trio, with Eddie “E-Trez” Smith III, Jesse J.

Swallowtail butterfly
Swallowtail butterflies aree, butterflies which family Papilionidae.

Graphium
"Graphium" is a genusly tropical swallowtail butterflies commonly known as swordtails.

Sauerbraten (video game)
"Sauerbraten"  is a cross-platform, "Quake"-like,-person shooter computer game that runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD Mac OS X using OpenGL SDL.

Town crier
A town crier is a person who is employed by a town council to make public announcements in streets.

Plague
The Plague was a pandemic intine Empire in years 541–542 AD.

Zlib License
The Zlib licence is an open source software license.

Plant cutting
Plant cutting, also known as striking/cloning, is a technique for vegetatively  propagating plants.

Ferdinand Lassalle
Ferdinand Lassalle  was a jurist socialist politician.

Hans-Dietrich Genscher
Hans-Dietrich Genscher  is a politician.

Jonny Kennedy (rugby union)
Jonny Kennedy  is an rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Franz Müntefering
Franz Müntefering  is a politician.

Nick Royle
Nick Royle is an rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Carl Fearns
Carl Fearns  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

James Gaskell
James Gaskell  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Martin Halsall
Martin Halsall  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Alex Shaw
Alex Shaw  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Chris Leck
Chris Leck  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in Guinnessip.

Secret Water
"Secret Water" is book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows Amazons series children's books.

Gran Turismo
Gran Turismo is a driving simulation video game created by Polyphony Digital for Sony Playstation PSP Consoles.

Aramid
Aramids are polymers.

Brute force attack
In cryptanalysis, a brute force attack is a method breaking a cryptographic system by trying ae number possibilities using fast computers; for example, ae number possible keys in a key space inder to decrypt an encrypted message.

Informationory
Informationory is a branch applied mathematics electrical engineering.

Block cipher
In cryptography, a block cipher is a symmetric key cipher which operates on a groups bits fixed length, called "blocks", using an exact transformation.

Authentication
Authentication   is actions taken to establish verifything  as "authentic".

DES-X
In cryptography, DES-X  is an alternative to DES  block cipher complexity a brute force attack using a technique called "key whitening".

Hostname
A hostname  is unique by which a network device  is defined known on a network.

National Institutedards Technology
The National Institutedards Technology , known between 1901 1988 as National Bureaudards , is a measurement standards laboratory which is a non-regulatory  agency United States Department Commerce.

Key size
In cryptography, key size key length is size  key used in a cryptographic algorithm .

Kandinsky
Wassily Kandinsky   was a painter, printmaker artorist.

Public-key cryptography
"Public-key cryptography", also known as asymmetric cryptography, is a cryptography in which key a message differs from key it.

John Ashcroft
John David Ashcroft  is an politician who was United States Attorney General.

Muslim conquests
The Arab Muslim conquests ,  also Islamic conquests Arab conquests, began after death Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Key space
In cryptography, key space an algorithm refers to set all possible keys that can be cryptographic algorithm.

Roger Williams (theologian)
Roger Williams  was anologian.

Unitarianism
Unitarianism is a term that describessity.

United States National Security Council
The White House National Security Council  in United States is principal forum used by President for considering national security foreign policy matters with his senior national security advisors Cabinetficials is President's Executive Office.

Stephen Hadley
Stephen John Hadley  is current  U.S.

Deputy National Security Advisor
The Deputyt to President for National Security Affairs, commonly Deputy National Security Advisor, is a member Executive Office President United States, serving as deputy to President's National Security Advisor.

Director Central Intelligence Agency
Director Central Intelligence Agency  serves as head Central Intelligence Agency, which is United States Intelligence Community.

Procopius
Procopius Caesarea (, c.

Porter J. Goss
Porter Johnston Goss  is an politician, who was last Director Central Intelligence Director Central Intelligence Agency following passage 2004 Intelligence Reform Terrorism Prevention Act, which abolished DCI position.

George Tenet
George John Tenet  was Director Central Intelligence for United States Central Intelligence Agency ised Professor in Practice Diplomacy at Georgetown University.

Peer Steinbrück
Peer Steinbrück  is a politician.

Beyblade
Beyblade is an anime manga series about a group kids battling with highly spinning tops enchanted with sacred bit-beasts spirits mythical creatures.

Wolfmother
Wolfmother are an rock band.

Defense Intelligence Agency
The Defense Intelligence Agency, DIA, is a major producer manager military intelligence for United States Department Defense, employing over 11,000 military civilian employees worldwide.

Makenna Cowgill
Makenna Cowgill (born Mackenzie Cowgill is an child actor.

Africant
Thet  is two species elephant.

Binda, New South Wales
Binda is a village inds region New South Wales, Australia in Upper Shire.

Hollister Co.
Hollister Co.

Overseas Regionsce
There are four overseas regionsce.

Ron Simmons
Ron Simmons  is an retired professional wrestler retired football player.

Demographicsce
On 1 January 2008, it was estimated that 63.8 million people people live ince, including in Overseas Regionsce.

Fire service in United Kingdom
The fire service in United Kingdom operates under separate legislative administrative arrangements ind,d,d Wales.

Bleach (album)
"Bleach" was album by grunge band,a.

Zub
Zub is a computer game made for use on Commodore 64 ZX Spectrum computers which was released in 1986 by Mastertronic.

Molly Hatchet
Molly Hatchet is a southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida.

Northern Italy
This region has 26,835,082 inhabitants an area 46,301 mi² .

Thermosphere
Thermosphere is layer earth's atmosphere directly above mesosphere  directly below exosphere .

Anaconda (installer)
Anaconda is installer for Red Hat Linux Fedora.

Canowindra, New South Wales
Canowindra  is an historic town near Cowra in centralst New South Wales, Australia.

Robert Cutler
Robert Cutler  was a U.S.

St. Anthony-Chapel
The St.

United States Secretarysportation
The United States Secretarysportation is head United States Departmentsportation.

Thewackers (band)
Thewackers Band was calledwackers Bullockies Band.

United States Departmentsportation
The United States Departmentsportation  is a federal Cabinet department United States government concerned with transportation.

United States Department War
The United States Department War,times also called War Office, was department United States government's executive branch responsible for operation maintenance land  forces from 1789 until September 18, 1947, when it became National Militaryment, renamed on August 10, 1949 Department Defense.

United States Department Commerce Labor
The United States Department Commerce Labor was a-lived Cabinet department United States government.

United States Department Health, Education, Welfare
The United States Department Health, Education, Welfare  was a cabinet-level department United States government from 1953 until 1979.

United States Post Office Department
The Post Office Department is United States Postal Service when it was a Cabinet department.

United States Department Education
The United States Department Education  is a Cabinet-level department United States government.

United States Department Housing Development
The United States Department Housing,ten abbreviated HUD, is a Cabinet department United States federal government.

United States Departments Affairs
The United States Departments Affairs  is a government-run military veteran benefit system with Cabinet-level status.

Particle accelerator
Aicle accelerator, also called an atom smasher, is a machine that uses magnets to speed up subatomicicles with an electric charge so thaty hit each other at very high speeds.

United States Secretary Education
The United States Secretary Education is head Department Education.

United States Secretary Health, Education, Welfare
The United States Secretary Health, Education, Welfare was head United States Department Health, Education, Welfare.

Oveta Culp Hobby
Oveta Culp Hobby  was secretary Department Health, Education Welfare, commandingficer Women's Army Corps, chairman board "Houston Post".

Patricia Roberts Harris
Patricia Roberts Harris  served as United States Secretary Housing Development, last United States Secretary Health, Education, Welfare United States Secretary Health Services in administration President Jimmy Carter.

Assistant Secretary Housing Development for Housing
Thet Secretary for Housing, who also carries title Federal Housing Commissioner, is a position within United States Department Housing Development.

United States Secretary Housing Development
The United States Secretary Housing Development is head United States Department Housing Development, concerned with "urban housing matters." The Secretary is a member President's Cabinet.

Henry Paulson
Henry Merritt "Hank" Paulson Jr.

Reconquista
The Reconquista  was a period 800 years in Middle Ages during which several kingdoms Peninsula expandedmselves  by fighting Muslim states "al-Andalus" , muslim states on Peninsula, pushingm peninsula.

John W. Snow
John William Snow  served as United States Secretary Treasury.

Paul Henry O'Neill
Paul Henry O'Neill  served as United States Secretary Treasury for President George W.

Oliver Wolcott, Jr.
Oliver Wolcott Jr.

Samuel Dexter
Samuel Dexter  was an early statesman who served both in Congress in Presidential Cabinet.

United States Secretary Army
The United States Secretary Army is a civilianfice within Department Defense with statutory responsibility for all matters relating to United States Army: manpower, personnel, reserve affairs, installations, environmental issues,apons systems equipment acquisition, communications, financial management.

Kenneth Claiborne Royall
Kenneth Claiborne Royall  was a United States Army general last person to holdfice Secretary War.

Pete Geren
Preston M.

Astor Markhor
The Astor Markhor Flare-horned Markhor  is an endangered subspecies markhor.

Kabul Markhor
The Kabul Markhor Straight-horned Markhor  is a goat-antelope native to.

Junagadh & Manavadar
Junagadh was a territory princely state that 1947, later annexed military occupied by Republic India.

Junagarh
Junagarh City was capital princely state Junagadh & Manavadar, that 1947.

Nirvana (album)
"Nirvana" was a greatest hits album songs by popular grunge banda, who disbanded in 1994 due to lead singer, Kurt Cobain's, death.

India Border
The–Pakistan Border, known locally asational Border , is international boundary between Republic India that demarcates states Punjab, Gujarat fromi provinces Punjab Sindh exceptir that is disputed .

Coat Arms
The National Emblem has appeared in on Flag since inception that nation.

USB hub
An USB hub is a special USB device.

Digital signature
A digital signature digital signature scheme is a type asymmetric cryptography.

Key generation
Key generation is process generating keys for cryptography.

Symmetric-key algorithm
Symmetric-key algorithms are a class algorithms for cryptography that use trivially related,ten identical, cryptographic keys for both decryption encryption.

Johnall
Johnall  was an statesman jurist who shaped constitutional law made Supreme Court a center power.

William H. Crawford
William Harris Crawford  was an important politician, asll as a judge, during early century.

James McHenry
James McHenry  was an early statesman.

Timothy Pickering
Timothy Pickering  was a politician from Massachusetts who served in a variety roles, notably as United States Secretary State, serving in thatfice from 1795 to 1800 under Presidents Georgeington John Adams.

John Jay
John Jay  was an politician, statesman, revolutionary, diplomat, a Supreme Court Chief Justice, a Founding Father United States.

Evan Longoria
Evan Michael "Longo" Longoria is a baseman for Tampa Bay Rays.

Nucleolus
The nucleolus is a cell that creates ribosomes for cell.

Candice Bergen
Candice Bergen  is an actress.

Duke Nukem 3D
Duke Nukem 3D is a-person shooter computer game created by 3D Realms sold by Apogee Software.

William Rehnquist
William Hubbs Rehnquist  was an lawyer, jurist, a political figure who served as an Associate Justice on Supreme Court United States later as Chief Justice United States.

Hyderabad State
Hyderābād Berar  under Nizams, was princely state in erstwhile Empire.

Two-nationory
The Two-Nation Theory was basis for Partition India in 1947.

Samuel Osgood
Samuel Osgood  was an merchant statesman from Andover, Massachusetts.

William Bradford (Attorney General)
William Bradford  was a lawyer judge from Philadelphia,ia, United States Attorney General in 1794-1795.

Charles Lee (Attorney General)
Charles Lee  was an lawyer from Virginia.

Benjamin Stoddert
Benjamin Stoddert  was United States Secretary Navy from May 1, 1798 to March 31, 1801.

Joseph Hewes
Joseph Hewes , was a native Princeton, New Jersey, where he was born in 1730.

Candela
A candela measures how brightthing is.

Hongwu Emperor
Hongwu Emperor , also known by his given Zhug  by temple Taizu Ming  was emperor Ming Dynasty.

Soulja Boy
DeAndre ellis`, also known as Soulja Boy, is an rapper.

Hadron
A hadron is a compositeicle that is affected by strong interaction.

Zlatko Zahovič
Zlatko Zahovič is a football player.

Francis Lee
Francis Lee is a football player.

Shaun Goater
Shaun Goater is a football player.

The Football League 1913-14
Statistics The Football League in season 1913/1914.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1953-54
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1953/1954.

Colombian Professional Football 1979
Statistics Professional Football in season 1979.

Division 1 1959-60
Statistics Division 1 in season 1959/1960.

Italian Footballip 1898
Statistics Footballip in season 1898.

Primera División Argentina
Primera División Argentina is a football league which is top division in Argentina.

Primera División Argentina 1976
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1976.

Primera División Argentina 1977
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1977.

Primera División Argentina 1978
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1978.

Primera División Argentina 1979
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1979.

Primera División Argentina 1980
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1980.

Vladimír Šmicer
Vladimír Šmicer is a football player.

Dietmarn
Dietmarn is a football player.

Arthur Rowley
George Arthur Rowley,  was an football striker.

Laurie Cunningham
Laurie Cunningham is a football player.

Glenn Hoddle
Glenn Hoddle is a football player.

The Football League 1914-15
Statistics The Football League in season 1914/1915.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1954-55
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1954/1955.

Colombian Professional Football 1980
Statistics Professional Football in season 1980.

Division 1 1960-61
Statistics Division 1 in season 1960/1961.

Italian Footballip 1899
Statistics Footballip in season 1899.

Primera División Argentina 1981
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1981.

Primera División Argentina 1993-94
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1993/1994.

Primera División Argentina 1995-96
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1995/1996.

Primera División Argentina 1996-97
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1996/1997.

Primera División Argentina 1997-98
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1997/1998.

Al-Saadi Qadhafi
Al-Saadi Qadhafi is a football player.

Robert Pirès
Robert Pirès is a football player.

Zoran Mirković
Zoran Mirković is a football player.

Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is a football player.

Andrew Cole
Andrew Cole is a football player.

The Football League 1919-20
Statistics The Football League in season 1919/1920.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1955-56
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1955/1956.

Colombian Professional Football 1989
Statistics Professional Football in season 1989.

Division 1 1961-62
Statistics Division 1 in season 1961/1962.

Italian Footballip 1900
Statistics Footballip in season 1900.

Primera División Argentina 1998-99
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1998/1999.

Primera División Argentina 1999-00
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1999/2000.

Primera División Argentina 2000-01
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 2000/2001.

Primera División Argentina 1973
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1973.

Primera División Argentina 1974
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1974.

FC Porto
Futebol Clube do Porto  -: FC Porto FCP - is a sports club known for its football team.

FC Zenit St. Petersburg
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg  is a football club from Saint Petersburg.

Steve Bruce
Steve Bruce  is an football manager player.

Stockport County F.C.
Stockport County F.C.

Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy
"Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy"  is single by rock band Fall Out Boy.

Cornthwaite Rason
Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason  was Premier Australia from 25 August 1905 until 7 May 1906.

Henry
Henry  was Premier Australia from 10 August 1904 to 25 August 1905.

Walter James
Sir Walter Hartwell James  was Premier Australia from 1 July 1902 to 10 August 1904.

Alfs
Alfred Edwards  was Premier Australia from 21 November to 23 December 1901.

George Leake
George Leake  was Premier Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901n from 23 December 1901 to24 June 1902.

George Throssell
George Lionel Throssell  was Premier Australia from 15 February 1901 to 27 May 1901.

John Forrest
Sir John Forrest  was Premier Australia from 22 December 1890 – 15 February 1901.

Into Fire (album)
"Into Fire" is studio album by rock artist Adams.

UK Albums Chart
The UK Albums Chart is a list albums ranked by sales in United Kingdom.

Attack model
The ciphertext-only attack model isakest because it implies that cryptanalyst has just encoded message.

Cuts Like a Knife
"Cuts Like a Knife" is album by rock artist Adams.

You Want It You Got It
"You Want It You Got It" is album by Adams, was released in 1981 .

Bryan Adams (album)
"Bryan Adams" is album by rock singer Adams.

Known-plaintext attack
The known-plaintext attack  is an attack model for cryptanalysis where attacker has samples both plaintext its encrypted version n he can usem to expose further secret information after calculating secret key.

18 til I Die
"18 til I Die" is a rock album by songwriter Adams released in 1996 .

On a Day Like Today (album)
"On a Day Like Today" is an album by singer-songwriter Adams, released in 1998 .

Room Service (album)
"Room Service" is a rock album by songwriter Adams released internationally in 2004 in U.S.

11 (Bryan Adams album)
"11" is studio album by rock artist Adams.

Chosen-plaintext attack
A chosen-plaintext attack  is an attack model for cryptanalysis which assume that attacker has capability to choose random plaintexts to be encrypted obtain corresponding ciphertexts.

Ciphertext-only attack
In cryptography, a ciphertext-only attack  known ciphertext attack is an attack model for cryptanalysis where attacker is access only to a set ciphertexts.

Chosen-ciphertext attack
A chosen-ciphertext attack  is an attack model for cryptanalysis in which cryptanalyst gathers information, at least in, by choosing a ciphertext obtaining its decryption under an unknown key.

Kambly
Kambly is a Swiss biscuit factory.

Differential cryptanalysis
Differential cryptanalysis is a general cryptanalysis applicable to block ciphers, but also can be ciphers cryptographic hash functions.

Linear cryptanalysis
In cryptography, linear cryptanalysis is a general cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to action a cipher.

Julianne Moore
Julianne Moore  is an actress.

Tropical Storm Cristobal (2008)
Tropical Storm Cristobal was tropical storm 2008tic hurricane season.

Rijndael key schedule
AES  uses a key schedule to expand a key into a number separate round keys.

Gorillaz
Gorillaz are an animated rock band.

Pantanal
Theal is world'stland swamp.

Balliol College, Oxford
Balliol College is constituent colleges University Oxford ind.

Battleada
The Battleada was a siege cityada fought over a period months leading up to its surrender on January 1492.

Erich Mende
Erich Mende  was a jurist politician for-Democratic Uniony Free Democratic Partyy.

Petra Kelly
Petra Karin Kelly  was a politician, peace activist founders Green Partyy.

Along River During Qingming Festival
"Along River During Qingming Festival" is all known panoramic painting by artistg .

Kaiserswerth
Kaiserswerth is a settlement with a more than 1,000-year history.

Vichy
Vichy is a commune in department Allier in centralce.

Indochina
Indochina, Peninsula, is a region in Southeast Asia.

Wadi Halfa
Wadi Halfa is a city located in northern by Lake Nubia .

Mechanical energy
In physics, mechanical energy describes potential energy kinetic energy present in components a mechanical system.

Vitiligo
Vitiligo is a long lasting skin disease that causes losing color from skin.

Virtue
Virtue  is a behaviour which is thought to be.

Greyhound Lines
Greyhound Lines  is a company in United States that runs bus services between cities.

Twofish
In cryptography, is a symmetric key block cipher with a block size 128 bits key lengths up to 256 bits.

Truncated differential cryptanalysis
In cryptography, truncated differential cryptanalysis is a generalization differential cryptanalysis, an attack model against block ciphers.

Fatimid Caliphate
The Fatimid Caliphate was ruled by al-Fātimiyyūn dynasty from 5 January 909 to 1171.

Maghreb
The Maghreb  is a region in North Africa.

Plaintext
In cryptography, plaintext is information which sender want to transmit to receiver.

Ciphertext
In cryptography, ciphertext refers toput encryption process, process transforming information  using an algorithm  to make it unreadable to anyone except who own special information about it, usually a key.

Azadmir Day
Azadmir Day celebrates day Azad Jammumir government, created on October 1947.

Stream cipher
In cryptography, a stream cipher is a symmetric key cipher where plaintext bits are combined with a pseudorandom cipher bit stream  using an exclusive-or  operation.

Nyon
Nyon is a municipality in district Nyon in canton Vaud ind.

Letterkenny
Letterkenny  is a town located in County Donegal,d.

Thalwil
Thalwil is a municipality in district Horgen in canton Zürich ind.

Hearth
A hearth  is a brick stone lined fireplace oven that is heating.

Jack-o'-lantern
A jack-o'-lantern is a carved pumpkin.

Lakes
The lakes, a moon Saturn, are made liquid methane.

West Coast blues
The West Coast blues is a type blues music jump blues, with lots piano sounds jazz guitar solos, whichiginated from Texas blues musicians that in 1940s.

Frederick Pottinger
Sir Frederick William Pottinger, Baronet , police inspector, was born on April 27 1831 in India.

Bushfire
Afire is a fire that happens in bush.

Artificial selection
Artificial selection is intentional breeding for certain traits, combinations traits, over others, is synonymous with "Selective breeding".

Selectable marker
A selectable marker is a gene cell that confers a trait suitable for artificial selection.

Evolutionary algorithm
In Computer Science, especially in artificial intelligence, evolutionary algorithms" are a algorithm that simulate evolution to optimisething.

Artificial life
Artificial life  is a field study which examines systems, its processes, its evolution.

Nils Aall Barricelli
Nils Aall Barricelli  was a mathematician.

Genetic algorithm
Genetic algorithms are a algorithm approximations in search problems.

Ingo Rechenberg
"Ingo Rechenberg  is a computer scientist professor.

Evolution strategy
Evolution strategies are ways to solve a problem using evolutionary algorithms.

John Henryd
John Henryd  is an scientist Professor Psychology Professor Electrical Engineering Computer Science at University, Ann Arbor.

Ontario Lacus
Ontario Lacus is a lake filled with methane ethane near south pole Saturn's moon.

Penetrometer
A Penetrometer is a device to test strength soil.

Sophie Anna Everhard
Sophie Anna Everhard  is an actress.

Crème brûlée
Crème brûlée   is a dessert made custard topped with a layer hard caramel.

Kraken Mare
Kraken Mare is known lake on surface Saturn's moon.

Ligeia Mare
Ligeia Mare is a lake on at 79.0° N, 248.0° W, measuring around 500 km in width.

Keystream
In cryptography, a keystream is a stream random pseudorandom characters that are combined with a plaintext message to produce an encrypted message .

Noor
Noor  was adopted stage for Allah Wasai  who was ai singer actress.

Nusrat Fateh Ali
Nusrat Fateh Ali , was ai musician.

Aziz
Aziz Qawwal   was's famous Qawwals.

Kashmir Solidarity Day
Kashmir Solidarity Day has been celebrated on 5 February each year since 1990 as a day protest against controlmir.

Coat Arms
The National Emblem was adoptedly after independence in 1971.

Instrument Surrender
On December 10, 1971, feeler for surrender in East was Nations.

Product cipher
In cryptography, a product cipher is a popular type block ciphers that works by executing in sequence a number simple transformations such as substitution, permutation, modular arithmetic.

Islamic Republic
Islamic Republic is given tos government several states.

Economic Cooperationization
The Economic Cooperationization  is an intergovernmental internationalganization.

Key schedule
In cryptography, so-called product ciphers are a certain ciphers, where decryption data is done in "rounds".

Block size (cryptography)
In modern cryptography, symmetric key ciphers are generally ciphers block ciphers.

EFF DES cracker
In cryptography, EFF DES cracker  is a machine built by Electronic Frontier Foundation  to perform a brute force search DES cipher's key space — that is, to decrypt an encrypted message by trying every possible key.

Main Page/Article 10
A sniper is a soldier in an army who has special training with sniper rifles.

Classified information
Image:NSALibertyReport.p13.jpg|thumb|A typical classified document.

Security clearance
A security clearance is a status granted  to individuals allowingm access to classified information, e.g.

Sensitive information
Sensitive information is information knowledge that might result in loss an advantage level security if who might be unfriends have low unknown trustability.

Trade secret
A trade secret is aula, practice, process, design, instrument, pattern, a collection information which is not generally known, invented created, by which a business can obtain an economic advantage over competitors customers.

Rock Steady
"Rock Steady" is studio album by alternative rock band No Doubt.

Meet-in-the-middle attack
The Meet-in-the-middle attack is a cryptographic attack which, birthday attack, makes use a space-time tradeoff.

Key whitening
In cryptography, key whitening is a technique security block ciphers.

ESTREAM
eSTREAM is a project to identify "new stream ciphers that might become suitable for widespread adoption",ganized by EU ECRYPT network.

MacGuffin (cipher)
In cryptography, MacGuffin is a block cipher created in 1994 by Bruce Schneier Matt Blaze at a Fast Software Encryption workshop.

Feistel cipher
In cryptography, a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in construction block ciphers,d after IBM cryptographer Horst Feistel; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network.

George Wythe
George Wythe , was a lawyer, judge, prominent law professor "Virginia's foremost classical scholar." Wythe's signature is on list seven Virginia signatories on United States Declaration Independence.

Josiah Bartlett
Josiah Bartlett , was an physician statesman, delegate to Continental Congress for Newire, signatory Declaration Independence.

Carter Braxton
Carter Braxton , was a signer United States Declaration Independence a representative Virginia.

Islamicology
Islamicology deals with beliefs associated with Islamic faith.

Mac OS X v10.5
Mac OS X v10.5 is a operating system made by Apple Inc.

Weather forecast
Aather forecast is a prediction onather will be in future.

MacBook
A MacBook is a type laptop computer by Apple Inc.

SMS
An SMS, messaging service is a type communication used in mobile phones.

International waters
International waters is a body water that does not belong to any country.

Alternative hip hop
Alternative hip hop is a hip hop music that is very different from gangsta rap, crunk, snap.

Jason Varitek
Jason Varitek  is an baseball player.

Süddeutsche Zeitung
The Süddeutsche Zeitung is-read nationwide quality-newspaper iny.

Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung
Thekfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is a conserative newspaper iny.

Frankfurter Rundschau
Thekfurter Rundschau is a nationwide newspaper iny.

Die Zeit
Die Zeit is a nationwideekly newspaper iny.

Der Spiegel
Der Spiegel is aekly political magazine iny.

Nuclear equation
A nuclear equation reaction equation is commonly used inicle physics to show radioactive decay processes.

Oliver Wolcott
Oliver Wolcott , was a signer United States Declaration Independence also Articles Confederation as a representative Connecticut.

Thomas Paine
Thomas Paine  was an pamphleteer, revolutionary, radical, inventor, intellectual.

Richard R. Schrock
Richard Royce Schrock  is an Professor Chemistry.

All your base are belong to us
"All your base are belong to us"  is a broken phrase that began an internet phenomenon in 2001 2002, with use a animation.

Zeroth lawrmodynamics
The Zeroth Law Thermodynamics says that if temperature from object  is equal to another object , temperature 'B' is equal to temperature 'C' ,n temperature from 'A' is equal to temperature from 'C' .

Peach (color)
Peach is a color that is a representation color peach fruit.

The Football League 1920-21
Statistics The Football League in season 1920/1921.

The Football League 1921-22
Statistics The Football League in season 1921/1922.

Colombian Professional Football 1990
Statistics Professional Football in season 1990.

Primera División Argentina 1975
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1975.

Primera División Argentina 1985
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1985.

Primera División Argentina 1985-86
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1985/1986.

Dion Dublin
Dion Dublin is a football player.

Danny Murphy
Danny Murphy is a football player.

Stéphane Henchoz
Stéphane Henchoz is a football player.

Milan Baroš
Milan Baroš is a football player.

Gabriel Batistuta
Gabriel Batistuta  is a Argentine football player.

The Football League 1922-23
Statistics The Football League in season 1922/1923.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1956-57
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1956/1957.

Colombian Professional Football 1991
Statistics Professional Football in season 1991.

Division 1 1962-63
Statistics Division 1 in season 1962/1963.

Italian Footballip 1901
Statistics Footballip in season 1901.

Primera División Argentina 1986-87
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1986/1987.

Primera División Argentina 1987-88
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1987/1988.

Primera División Argentina 1991-92
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1991/1992.

Primera División Argentina 1992-93
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1992/1993.

Primera División Argentina 1994-95
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1994/1995.

Bentley
Bentley is a car maker.

Chloe O'Brian
Chloe O'Brian is a character in television series "24".

Allauch
Allauch is a commune 19,400 people .

Alleins
Alleins is a commune 2,368 people .

Aubagne
Aubagne is a commune 42,900 people .

Aureille
Aureille is a commune 1,463 people .

Auriol, Bouches-du-Rhône
Auriol is a commune 11,057 people .

Aurons
Aurons is a commune 515 people .

La Barben
La Barben is a commune 649 people .

Barbentane
Barbentane is a commune 3,660 people .

Ehrenbreitstein
Festung Ehrenbreitstein is a fortress.

Les Baux-de-Provence
Les Baux-de-Provence is a commune 381 people .

Beaurecueil
Beaurecueil is a commune 568 people .

Belcodène
Belcodène is a commune 1,731 people .

Berre-l'Étang
Berre-l'Étang is a commune 14,300 people .

Bouc-Bel-Air
Bouc-Bel-Air is a commune 13,700 people .

Jeep
Jeep is a car maker that makes four-wheel drive vehicles.

La Bouilladisse
La Bouilladisse is a commune 4,904 people .

Boulbon
Boulbon is a commune 1,510 people .

Cabannes
Cabannes is a commune 4,119 people .

Cabriès
Cabriès is a commune 8,073 people .

Cadolive
Cadolive is a commune 2,087 people .

Carnoux-en-Provence
Carnoux-en-Provence is a commune 7,042 people .

Carry-le-Rouet
Carry-le-Rouet is a commune 6,355 people .

Cassis
Cassis is a commune 7,766 people .

Ceyreste
Ceyreste is a commune 4,034 people .

Charleval, Bouches-du-Rhône
Charleval is a commune 2,080 people .

Châteauneuf-le-Rouge
Châteauneuf-le-Rouge is a commune 2,070 people .

Châteauneuf-les-Martigues
Châteauneuf-les-Martigues is a commune 11,900 people .

Châteaurenard
Châteaurenard is a commune 14,200 people .

La Ciotat
La Ciotat is a commune 31,923 people .

Cornillon-Confoux
Cornillon-Confoux is a commune 1,327 people .

Coudoux
Coudoux is a commune 3,352 people .

Cuges-les-Pins
Cuges-les-Pins is a commune 4,708 people .

La Destrousse
La Destrousse is a commune 2,736 people .

Éguilles
Éguilles is a commune 7,544 people .

Ensuès-la-Redonne
Ensuès-la-Redonne is a commune 5,096 people .

Eygalières
Eygalières is a commune 1,900 people .

Eyguières
Eyguières is a commune 6,312 people .

Eyragues
Eyragues is a commune 4,179 people .

La Fare-les-Oliviers
La Fare-les-Oliviers is a commune 6,334 people .

Fontvieille
Fontvieille is a commune 3,362 people .

Fos-sur-Mer
Fos-sur-Mer is a commune 15,700 people .

Fuveau
Fuveau is a commune 8,558 people .

Gardanne
Gardanne is a commune 20,700 people .

Gémenos
Gémenos is a commune 5,481 people .

Gignac-la-Nerthe
Gignac-la-Nerthe is a commune 9,140 people .

Grans
Grans is a commune 4,078 people .

Graveson
Graveson is a commune 3,570 people .

Gréasque
Gréasque is a commune 3,705 people .

Istres
Istres is a commune 41,200 people .

Jouques
Jouques is a commune 3,321 people .

Lamanon
Lamanon is a commune 1,713 people .

Lambesc
Lambesc is a commune 7,934 people .

Lançon-Provence
Lançon-Provence is a commune 7,674 people .

Maillane
Maillane is a commune 2,013 people .

Mallemort
Mallemort is a commune 5,501 people .

Marignane
Marignane is a commune 33,700 people .

Mandaeism
Mandaeismism  is a monotheistic religion.

Substitution box
In cryptography, a substitution box  is a basic component symmetric-key algorithms.

Martigues
Martigues is a commune 46,200 people .

Masc-des-Alpilles
Masc-des-Alpilles is a commune 373 people .

Maussane-les-Alpilles
Maussane-les-Alpilles is a commune 2,155 people .

Meyrargues
Meyrargues is a commune 3,400 people .

Meyreuil
Meyreuil is a commune 4,450 people .

Mimet
Mimet is a commune 4,400 people .

Miramas
Miramas is a commune 23,800 people .

Mollégès
Mollégès is a commune 2,171 people .

Mouriès
Mouriès is a commune 2,752 people .

Noves
Noves is a commune 4,845 people .

Orgon
Orgon is a commune 2,913 people .

Paradou
Paradou is a commune 1,162 people .

Pélissanne
Pélissanne is a commune 9,268 people .

Les Pennes-Mirabeau
Les Pennes-Mirabeau is a commune 19,043 people .

La Penne-sur-Huveaune
La Penne-sur-Huveaune is a commune 6,150 people .

Peynier
Peynier is a commune 2,900 people .

Peypin
Peypin is a commune 5,097 people .

Peyrolles-en-Provence
Peyrolles-en-Provence is a commune 4,286 people .

Plan-de-Cuques
Plan-de-Cuques is a commune 10,503 people .

Plan-d'Orgon
Plan-d'Orgon is a commune 2,738 people .

Confusion diffusion
In cryptography, confusion diffusion are two properties operation a secure cipher.

Port-de-Bouc
Port-de-Bouc is a commune 17,900 people .

Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhône
Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhône is a commune 8,524 people .

Puyloubier
Puyloubier is a commune 1,671 people .

Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade
Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade is a commune 5,112 people .

Rognac
Rognac is a commune 11,900 people .

Rognes, Bouches-du-Rhône
Rognes is a commune 4,194 people .

Rognonas
Rognonas is a commune 3,623 people .

La Roque-d'Anthéron
La Roque-d'Anthéron is a commune 4,722 people .

Communication Theory Secrecy Systems
"Communication Theory Secrecy Systems" is a paper published by Claudenon discussing cryptography from viewpoint informationory.

Come as You Are
"Come as You Are" is a song by grunge banda.

International Data Encryption Algorithm
In cryptography,ational Data Encryption Algorithm  is a block cipher designed by Xuejia Lai James Massey ETH Zurich in 1991.

Luduş
Luduş  is a town in Mureş County,ia.

2008 Yemen floods
The 2008 Yemen floods took place on October 23, leaving 65 dead 20,000 without shelter.

Alexander Ramsey
Alexander Ramsey  was an politician.

Lounge Act
"Lounge Act" is a song by grunge banda.

Hurricane
Hurricane was strongest tropical cyclone 2007tic hurricane season.

Amazon Basin
The Amazon Basin is South America drained by Amazon River its branches.

Bixaellana
Achiote  is a shrub tree from tropical area continent.

Xochiquetzal
In Aztec mythology, Xoːchiquetzal  was a goddess flowers, fertility, games, dancing agriculture , asll as craftsmen pregnant women.

Tlatoani
"Tlatoani"  is Nahuatl word for ruler an "altepetl", a preic state.

José de Acosta
José de Acosta , was a-century Jesuit missionary naturalist in Latin America.

Catarrh
Catarrh  is a thick fluid mucus white blood cells caused by swelling mucous membranes in head because an infection.

Upper class
Upper class is an idea in sociology.

Chocolate bar
A chocolate bar is a candy in bar made cocoa solids, cocoa butter, sugar, milk.

Veracruz, Veracruz
The city Veracruz is an important port city on Gulf Mexico in state Veracruz.

Hanse
Sir Hanse, Baronet, PRS  was an Ulster-Scot physician collector.

Royal Colleges
The Royal Colleges London was medical group ind to receive a Royal Charter.

Coenraadnes van Houten
"Coenraadnes van Houten"  was a Dutch chocolate maker known for creating a method for pressing fat from roasted cacao beans to create cocoa powder.

Cocoa butter
Cocoa butter, also calledobroma oil, is pale-yellow, pure vegetable fat cacao bean.

Pietro Longhi
Pietro Longhi  was a painter contemporary scenes life.

Alex Turner (musician)
'Alex Turner  is lead singer guitarist Arctic Monkeys.

Dodge
Dodge is an automobile, SUV truck maker.

Ordered pair
 Introduction .

Arsacid dynasty Armenia
The Arsacid Dynasty  ruled Kingdom Armenia from 54 to 428.

Arts crafts
Arts crafts is a term which is a wide variety activities involving making things with's own hands.

Chrysler
Chrysler is a car manufacturer based in United States.

League Cup
The League Cup  is a football cup played by all teams from different leagues ind.

Zohaib
Zohaib, younger brother iconici pop singer Nazia was born in Karachi on November 18, 1966.

Nazia
Nazia  singer  Zohaib , re a singing sensation pioneersi pop music scene during 1980s.

Bilawal Bhutto Zardari
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari   is co-chairman Peoples Party, eldest child only son latei politician Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto her husband Asif Ali Zardari, President.

Muhammad Ijaz-ul-Haq
Muhammad Ijaz-ul-Haq   is a prominenti politician Federal Minister for Religious Affairs.

Zile Huma
Zile Huma  is daughter late Melody Queen Madam Noor only her four daughters to follow in her mother's footsteps.

Sonya
Sonya is an up comingi Bollywood actress who is in early stages her film career.

Aga III
Aga III, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, GCVO, PC  was Imam Shia Ismaili Muslims.

Hindustan-Bengal relations
Both Republic India are subcontinent have had a long common cultural, economic political history.

Pakistan relations
Pakistan–Tajikistan relations are foreign relations between.

Iran barrier
The barrier is a separation barrier which has started building along its border with replacing an intermittent tattered border fence.

Williamdale Bennett
Sir Williamdale Bennett  was an composer pianist.

Grand Trunk Road
Thed Trunk Road  is South Asia's oldest longest major roads.

Space-time tradeoff
In computer science, a space-time time-memory tradeoff is a way solving a problem calculation in time by using more storage space , by solving a problem in very little space by spending a long time.

Substitution-permutation network
In cryptography, an SP-network, substitution-permutation network , is a series linked mathematical operations used in block cipher algorithms such as AES.

Square (cipher)
In cryptography, Square  is a block cipher invented by Daemen Vincent Rijmen.

Permutation box
In cryptography, a permutation box  is a method bit-shuffling transpose bits  across S-boxes inputs, maintaining diffusion while transposing.

Division 1 1963-64
Statistics Division 1 in season 1963/1964.

Carnivorous plant
Carnivorous plants  are plants that getir nutrients  from trapping eating animals protozoans, typically insects other arthropods.

Joe Kinnear
Joe Kinnear is a football player.

Matt Busby
Matt Busby is a football player.

Brett Emerton
Brett Emerton is a football player.

David Rocastle
David Rocastle is a football player.

The Football League 1928-29
Statistics The Football League in season 1928/1929.

The Football League 1929-30
Statistics The Football League in season 1929/1930.

The Football League 1930-31
Statistics The Football League in season 1930/1931.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1957-58
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1957/1958.

Colombian Professional Football 1995-96
Statistics Professional Football in season 1995/1996.

Division 1 1964-65
Statistics Division 1 in season 1964/1965.

Fazilka Tehsil
Fazilka is a city a municipal council in Ferozpur District in disputed territories Punjab .

Italian Footballip 1902
Statistics Footballip in season 1902.

Primera División Argentina 2003-04
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 2003/2004.

Flag
The flag  is national symbols consists three equal horizontal bands, from top: blue, red, green; a white crescent an eight-pointed star  are centered in red band.

Coat Arms
The Coat arms mixes traditional modern symbols.

Roquefort-la-Bédoule
Roquefort-la-Bédoule is a commune 5,016 people .

Roquevaire
Roquevaire is a commune 8,299 people .

Rousset, Bouches-du-Rhône
Rousset is a commune 4,025 people .

Le Rove
Le Rove is a commune 4,070 people .

Saint-Andiol
Saint-Andiol is a commune 3,138 people .

Saint-Antonin-sur-Bayon
Saint-Antonin-sur-Bayon is a commune 137 people .

Saint-Cannat
Saint-Cannat is a commune 4,684 people .

Saint-Chamas
Saint-Chamas is a commune 7,268 people .

Pakistani relations
Pakistani–British relations are relations United Kingdom Great Britaind.

Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer
Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer is a commune 2,478 people .

Saint-Estève-Janson
Saint-Estève-Janson is a commune 342 people .

Saint-Étienne-du-Grès
Saint-Étienne-du-Grès is a commune 2,111 people .

Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde
Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde is a commune 1,093 people .

Saint-Martin-de-Crau
Saint-Martin-de-Crau is a commune 11,600 people .

Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts
Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts is a commune 5,458 people .

Saint-Paul-lèsce
Saint-Paul-lèsce is a commune 928 people .

Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues
Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues is a commune 250 people .

Saint-Rémy-de-Provence
Saint-Rémy-de-Provence is a commune 10,251 people .

Saint-Savournin
Saint-Savournin is a commune 2,577 people .

Saint-Victoret
Saint-Victoret is a commune 6,530 people .

Salon-de-Provence
Salon-de-Provence is a commune 40,100 people .

Sausset-les-Pins
Sausset-les-Pins is a commune 7,278 people .

Malaysia relations
Malaysia relations  refers to bilateral foreign relations between two countries, Malaysia.

Sénas
Sénas is a commune 5,980 people .

Septèmes-les-Vallons
Septèmes-les-Vallons is a commune 10,202 people .

Simiane-Collongue
Simiane-Collongue is a commune 5,570 people .

Le Tholonet
Le Tholonet is a commune 2,267 people .

Trets
Trets is a commune 10,709 people .

Vauvenargues, Bouches-du-Rhône
Vauvenargues is a commune 896 people .

Velaux
Velaux is a commune 8,305 people .

Venelles
Venelles is a commune 8,156 people .

Ventabren
Ventabren is a commune 8,431 people .

Vernègues
Vernègues is a commune 1,256 people .

Pakistan relations
Pakistan–Uzbekistan relations are foreign relations between.

Verquières
Verquières is a commune 786 people .

Vitrolles, Bouches-du-Rhône
Vitrolles  is a commune 37,760 people .

Alphonse Daudet
Alphonse Daudet  was a French novelist.

Gustave Flaubert
Gustave Flaubert   was a French writer.

Roquefort, Gers
Roquefort is a commune 230 people .

Roquefort, Landes
Roquefort is a commune 1,894 people .

Lookup table
In computer science, a lookup table is a data structure, usually an array associative array, a runtime computation  with a simple array indexing operation.

Roquefort, Lot-et-Garonne
Roquefort is a commune 1,198 people .

Roquefort-sur-Soulzon
Roquefort-sur-Soulzon is a commune 691 people .

Corn, Lot
Corn is a commune 157 people .

Roquefort-de-Sault
Roquefort-de-Sault is a commune 113 people .

Roquefort-des-Corbières
Roquefort-des-Corbières is a commune 664 people .

Roquefort-les-Cascades
Roquefort-les-Cascades is a commune 107 people .

Roquefort-les-Pins
Roquefort-les-Pins is a commune 6175 people .

Roquefort-sur-Garonne
Roquefort-sur-Garonne is a commune 715 people .

Avalanche effect
In cryptography, avalanche effect refers to an attractive property block ciphers cryptographic hash functions algorithms.

Rocquefort
Rocquefort is a commune 270 people .

BBC Radio 1Xtra
BBC Radio 1Xtra,  is a digital UK radio station from BBC.

Barrel
Barrel is an old word for a holder liquids, such as petrol, beer, wine oil.

Claudioo
Claudioo  was a philosopher expert on work Gilles Deleuze.

Jorge Mautner
Jorge Mautner is a writer singer, born in Rio de Janeiro in 1941.

Bolt (movie)
Bolt is an animated movie that was be released on November 21, 2008, is Disney's animated feature.

Meshuggah
Meshuggah is an experimental metal band from Umeå in Sweden.

Andy McKee
Andy McKee is a fingerstyle guitarist from Topeka, Kansas.

Beverly Hills Chihuahua
"Beverly Hills Chihuahua" is a 2008 movie by Walt Disney Pictures directed by Raja Gosnell.

Destruction (band)
Destruction is a thrash metal band from Lörrach iny.

Hans Ströbele
Hans Ströbele  is a politician lawyer.

Banksy
Banksy is a street graffiti artist.

Rodney Mullen
John Rodney Mullen  is a professional freestyle skateboarder, influential skaters in history sport.

Tony Hawk
Anthonyk Hawk  is an professional skateboarder.

Santa Maria,
Santa Maria is a class urban municipality in province, Philippines.

Winton M. Blount
Winton Malcolm "Red" Blount, Jr.

List sex positions
This list sex positions is a list different ways to have sexual intercourse other sexual acts.

Richard Bache
Richard Bache  Service under Benjaminklin from 1775–1776, wasklin's successor as Postmaster General, serving from 1776–1782 during Revolutionary War.

Mark Hughes
Leslie Mark Hughes  is a football manager player.

Albert Gallatin
Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin  was a Swiss ethnologist, linguist, politician, diplomat,, longest-serving United States Secretary Treasury.

Henry Dearborn
Henry Dearborn  was an physician, statesman veteran both Revolutionary War War 1812.

Robert Smith (cabinet)
Robert Smith  was United States Secretary Navy from 1801 to 1809 United States Secretary State from 1809 to 1811.

Caesar A. Rodney
Caesar Augustus Rodney  was an lawyer politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware.

Derrick Pierce
Derrick Pierce  is an porn actor.

Topher Grace
Christopher John "Topher" Grace  is an actor.

Mirepoix (cuisine)
Mirepoix  is French for a condiment.

Béchamel sauce
Béchamel sauce , also known as white sauce, is a basic sauce.

American Dad!
"American Dad!" is a animated television series.

Mirepoix (Gers)
Mirepoix is a village in Gers departement ince.

Landon
Landon is a football player.

Coriander
Coriander, also known as cilantro, is a herb from "Apiaceae" family.

Brad Friedel
Brad Friedel is a football player.

Nílton Santos
Nílton Santos is a football player.

DaMarcus Beasley
DaMarcus Beasley  is a soccer player.

Alecko
Alecko is a football player.

The Football League 1923-24
Statistics The Football League in season 1923/1924.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1958-59
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1958/1959.

Colombian Professional Football 1996-97
Statistics Professional Football in season 1996/1997.

Division 1 1965-66
Statistics Division 1 in season 1965/1966.

Italian Footballip 1903
Statistics Footballip in season 1903.

Primera División Argentina 2004-05
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 2004/2005.

Primera División Argentina 1988-89
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1988/1989.

Primera División Argentina 1989-90
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1989/1990.

Primera División Argentina 1990-91
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1990/1991.

Smash Hits
Smash Hits was a pop music based magazine.

Liga I
Liga I is a football league which is top division inia.

Divizia A 1982-83
Statistics Divizia A in season 1982/1983.

Battle
The Battle was given to naval campaign fought in Sea during World War II.

Pakistan-Saudi Arabia relations
The bilateral relations between Kingdom Saudi Arabia Islamic Republic are close friendly.

Pakistan-Turkey relations
Pakistani–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Islamic Republic Republic Turkey.

Pakistan relations
Pakistan–Turkmenistan relations are relations between.

Cryptographic hash function
A cryptographic hash function is a transformation that takes an input  returns a fixed-size string, which is called hash value .

Egypt relations
Pakistan Egypt , both being muslim countries, share cordial relations.

Data integrity
Simply, data integrity is to make sure that data is "consistent" "correct".

Cryptosystem
There are two different meanings word cryptosystem.

Serpent (cipher)
Serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was finalist inced Encryptiondard  contest after Rijndael.

Pretty Good Privacy
Pretty Good Privacy  is a computer program that provides cryptographic privacy authentication.

Weak key
In cryptography, aak key is a key which when used with a specific cipher, makes cipher behave in undesirable way, simplifies breaking  ciphertext.

XSL attack
In cryptography, XSL attack is a method cryptanalysis for block ciphers.

Sound alarm
Sound alarm is an album released by Saves The Day it was released in April 2006.

Ennis
Ennis is a town in Republicd.

Trey Parker
Randolph "Trey" Parker III  is an animator, screenwriter, film director, voice actor, actor, musician Academy Award nominated lyricist.

Matt Stone
Matthew Richard "Matt" Stone  is an Academy Award- nominated Emmy Award- winning animator, screenwriter, director, producer, voice actor, musician actor.

Treaty friendship alliance betweenment Mongolia Tibet
Tibet Mongolia signed a treaty called Treaty friendship alliance betweenment Mongolia Tibet on February 2, 1913, at Urga .

Waterford City
Waterford City is a city in Republicd.

Dissipation
In physics, dissipation includes concept a dynamical system where "important mechanical modes", such as waves oscillations, lose energy over time, typically due to action friction turbulence.

Galway City
Galway is a city in Republicd.

Ride The Lightning (album)
Ride Lightning is album by american thrash metal band Metallica.

Porta Alchemica
Porta Alchemica , Alchemy Gate Magic Portal, is an ancient monument built between 1678 1680 by "Massimiliano Palombara" marquis Pietraforte  in his residence, Palombara villa, located in east Rome on "Esquilino" hill in a position almost corresponding to "Piazza Vittorio", where today was placed.

Springfield, Massachusetts
Springfield is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Global apartheid
Global apartheid is a term worldwide control resources, economy, government by an ethnic minority.

Baccara
Baccara was a pop group.

The Big Bang Theory (TV Series)
"The Big Bang Theory" is an situation comedy created made by Chuck Lorre Bill Prady, which was shown on CBS on September 24 2007.

Smilodon
Smilodon was saber-toothed cat .

The (Album)
"The" is album-length recording made by punk band The.

Give 'Em Enough Rope
"Give 'Em Enough Rope" is album by The.

The Daily Show
"The Daily Show"  is an Emmy Award winning news parody television program.

Ritchie Neville
Richard Neville Dobson known professionally as Ritchie Neville  is an singer.

Five (band)
Fivere a boy band made in 1997 by same team thated Spice Girls, Bob Herbert his son Chris.

Secret Diary a Call Girl
"Secret Diary a Call Girl"  is a television drama broadcast on ITV2 starring Billie Piper as "Belle", a high-class London-based call girl.

ITV2
ITV2 is a 24 hour a day free-to-air entertainment television channel in United Kingdom owned by ITV Digitalnels Ltd, a ITV plc.

Belle de Jour (writer)
Belle de Jour is promoted as "pen" a London call girl.

Cloth milln
In century, cloth milln was a brass factory in city Stolberg.

St. Anger
St.

Killing Is My Business... Business Is Good!
Killing Is My Business...

Dalek
The Daleks are a fictional alien race mutants from science fiction television series "Doctor Who".

Rust in Peace
Rust in Peace is album by thrash metal band, Megadeth.

Fable II
Fable II is a fantasy role-playing videogame's Xbox 360 console in 2008.

Aveyron
Aveyron  is a department in southce.

Bouches-du-Rhône
Bouches-du-Rhône  is a department in southce.

Vocal chords
The vocal chords vocal folds are two sets tissue streched across larynx.

Parallel computing
Parallel computing is a computation in which many instructions are carried simultaneously , depending onory thate problems canten be divided intos,n solved concurrently .

Cantal
Cantal  is a department in southce.

Charente
Charente  is a department instce.

Charente-Maritime
Charente-Maritime is a department onst coastce.

Optimization (computer science)
In computing, optimization is process modifying a system to make features it work more efficiently use fewer resources.

Pilgrimage Grace
The Pilgrimage Grace was a revolt in York,ire in 1536.

Embedded system
An Embedded system is a computer that has been built to solve only a few very specific problems.

Aladdin (Disney character)
Aladdin  is a fictional character main protagonist Disney's "Aladdin" franchise, who appeared in film "Aladdin".

AVN Award
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored by presented by adult video industry magazine AVN.

Airbag
An Airbag is a safety restraint system in cars.

Darkly Dreaming Dexter
"Darkly Dreaming Dexter" is a 2004 book written by Jeff Lindsay.

Dearly Devoted Dexter
"Dearly Devoted Dexter" is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay.

Dexter in Dark
"Dexter in Dark" is a 2007 book written by Jeff Lindsay.

Fucking, Austria
Fucking  is an village in municipality Tarsdorf, in Innviertel regionstern Upper Austria.

Susan Featherly
Susan Featherly  is an actress.

Ravenscraig
Ravenscraig is an area land in Northire,d.

Ron Wilson
Ron Wilson (b.

Inner core
The inner core is very center planet is hottest a planet.

Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?
Peace Sells...

A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from Centre Ultraworld
"A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules From Centre Ultraworld" is a mix a song by ambient house group The Orb.

Hermann Carl Vogel
Hermann Carl Vogel  was a astronomer.

Algol
Algol, also known as Demon Star, is a bright star in Perseus constellation.

So Far, So Good... So What!
"So Far, So Good...

Lissamphibia
The subclass Lissamphibia includes all recent amphibians.

Reliant Stadium
Reliant Stadium is a football stadium located in Houston, Texas.

Bop It
Bop It is a game made by Hasbro.

Shamanism
Shamanism is for a number religious movements.

Jocky Scott
John 'Jocky'der Scott  is a football manager player.

Real-time operating system
A real-time operating system  is a multitasking operating system-time applications.

Rage
Rage is a Heavy metal band fromy.

Egon Schiele
Egon Schiele   was an painter.

Reduced instruction set computer
A reduced instruction set computing , represents a CPU design method to simplify instructions which "do" but provide higher performance by making instructions execute very fast.

Complex instruction set computer
A complex instruction set computer , represents a CPU design method in which each instructions can execute several low-level operations, such as a load from memory, an arithmetic operation, a memory store, all in a single instruction.

Debugger
A debugger is a computer program that is "debug" other programs, mainly to solve programming bugs.

BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is a digital radio station from BBC.

Tropical storm warning
A tropical storm warning is a specialather advisory that is issued by Nationale Center, when tropical storm effects are expected within 24 hours.

Tropical storm watch
A tropical storm watch is a specialather advisory that is issued by Nationale Center, when tropical storm effects are a possible threat to an area within 36 hours.

Firmware
In computing, firmware is a computer program that is "embedded" in a hardware device, for example a microcontroller.

Tropical Storm Edouard (2008)
Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm thated in Gulf Mexico.

Immunity Aware Programming
Immunity aware programming is a set programming techniques used while writing firmware for an embedded system, it is used mainly to overcome random errors that can occur in CPU program counter register set, RAM any other that can cause failure "victim" device.

Discriminant
In algebra, discriminant a polynomial, which is equal to zero, with real complex coefficients is a certain expression inse coefficients polynomial if only if polynomial has a multiple root  in complex numbers.

Single event upset
A single event upset  is a change state caused by a low-energy ions electro-magnetic nuclear radiation any other interferences that can reach  a sensitive node in a micro-electronic device, such as in a microprocessor, semiconductor memory, power transistors.

Chrisdi
Chrisdi is a football player.

Matthew Wolfenden
Matthew Wolfenden is a football player.

Arthur Wharton
Arthur Wharton is a football player.

Hristo Stoichkov
Hristo Stoichkov is a football player.

Sandy Martens
Sandy Martens is a football player.

The Football League 1924-25
Statistics The Football League in season 1924/1925.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1959-60
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1959/1960.

Colombian Professional Football 1998
Statistics Professional Football in season 1998.

Division 1 1966-67
Statistics Division 1 in season 1966/1967.

Italian Footballip 1904
Statistics Footballip in season 1904.

Primera División Argentina 1931
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1931.

Divizia A 1983-84
Statistics Divizia A in season 1983/1984.

Divizia A 1984-85
Statistics Divizia A in season 1984/1985.

Divizia A 1985-86
Statistics Divizia A in season 1985/1986.

Divizia A 1986-87
Statistics Divizia A in season 1986/1987.

C. B. Fry
C.

Egil Olsen
Egil Olsen is a football player.

Franck Queudrue
Franck Queudrue is a football player.

Craig Bellamy
Craig Bellamy is a football player.

Derlei
Derlei is a football player.

The Football League 1925-26
Statistics The Football League in season 1925/1926.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1960-61
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1960/1961.

Colombian Professional Football 1999
Statistics Professional Football in season 1999.

Division 1 1967-68
Statistics Division 1 in season 1967/1968.

Italian Footballip 1905
Statistics Footballip in season 1905.

Primera División Argentina 1932
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1932.

Divizia A 1987-88
Statistics Divizia A in season 1987/1988.

Divizia A 1988-89
Statistics Divizia A in season 1988/1989.

Divizia A 1989-90
Statistics Divizia A in season 1989/1990.

Divizia A 1990-91
Statistics Divizia A in season 1990/1991.

Avril Lavigne
Avril Ramona Lavigne Whibley  is a singer songwriter.

Hannibal Lecter
Doctor Hannibal Lecter is a fictional serial killer.

Asuncion
Asunción , is capital city city Paraguay.

Predestination
Predestination is a religious concept, which is about relationship between God His creation.

Nightmare on Elm Street
Nightmare on Elm Street is a horror movie released in US in 1984.

Gladioli
"Gladiolus"  is a genus flowering plants in iris family .

Feathertail Glider
The Feathertail Glider , also known as Pygmy Gliding Possum, Pygmy Glider, Pygmyger Flying Mouse, is world's gliding mammal, isd for its long feather-shaped tail.

Sugar Glider
The Sugar Glider  is a marsupialiginally native to eastern northern mainland Australia, New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago, introduced toia.

Bismarck Archipelago
The Bismarck Archipelago is a group islandsf northeastern coast New Guinea instern Pacific Papua New Guinea.

Legal precedent
In common law legal systems, a precedent authority is a legal case establishing a principle rule that a court other judicial body adopts when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues facts.

Ford Escort (Europe)
"For North Ford Escort, see Ford Escort .

Ford Fiesta
Ford Fiesta is a car made by Ford Motory from 1976 to present day.

Ford Fusion (Europe)
The Ford Fusion is a car made by Ford Motory from 2002 to present day.

Ford Galaxy
Ford Galaxy is a car produced by Ford Motory from 1995 to present day.

Ford C-Max
Ford C-Max is a car produced by Ford Motory from 2003 to present day.

Ford S-Max
Ford S-Max is a car produced by Ford Motory from 2006 to present day.

Ford Puma
Ford Puma was a car produced by Ford Motory from 1997 through 2002.

Kilkenny
Kilkenny, , is county town County Kilkenny ind.

Ford Cougar
Ford Cougar was a car produced by Ford Motory from 1998 through 2002.

Ford Kuga
Ford Kuga is a car produced by Ford Motory from 2008 to present day.

Fordsit
Fordsit is a van produced by Ford Motory from 1965 to present day.

Citroen XM
Citroen XM was a car produced by Citroen from 1989 through 2000.

Citroen Xantia
Citroen Xantia was a car produced by Citroen from 1993 through 2001.

Gaeltacht Quarter
The Gaeltacht Quarter in Belfast,d, is an area around Falls Road inst city.

Belfast Quarters
The Quarters do not evenly divide city into four not all Belfasts centre is a Quarter.

Citroen Xsara
Citroen Xsara was a car produced by Citroen from 1997 through 2005.

Helsinki Olympic Stadium
Helsinki Olympic Stadium  is a sports stadium located in capitald, Helsinki.

Citroen Berlingo
Citroen Berlingo is a car van produced by Citroen since 1996.

DAX
The DAX is a stock exchange inkfurt,y.

Peugeot Partner
Peugeot Partner is a car van produced by Peugeot since 1996.

Westminster Under School
Westminster Under School is a private preparatory school for boys aged 7 to 13 is Westminster School in London.

Furby
A Furby (plural Furbies, according to Tiger.

Cinderella (1950 movie)
Cinderella is a 1950 movie made by Disney based on famous story same.

God inity
Christianity is based on Bible.

List players with five more goals in an NHL game
This is a list players who have scored five more goals in a National Hockey League game.

Civil Police (Brazil)
In Brazil, Civil Police  is investigative state police forces.

Spring scale
A spring scale is aighing scale force, such as force gravity, strength a persons grip power a vehicle.

Churro
Churros'",times called doughnuts, are fried-dough pastry-based snacks,times made from potato dough, thatiginated in Spain.

The Lion King 1½
"The Lion King 1½"  is prequel to The Lion King made by The Walt Disneyy.

Friendly Floatees
Friendly Floatees are a plastic bath toys ducks other birds.

Animatronics
Animatronics is to use electronics robotics in automated, magically moving puppets to makem appear to be alive.

City Halifax
The City Halifax (est.

Scar (The Lion King)
Scar is a fictional character main villain in Walt Disney Pictures' popular 1994 animated movie "The Lion King".

Pepe le Pew
Pepe Le Pew is an animated skunk created by Warner Brothers.

Puss Gets Boot
Puss Gets Boot is Tom Jerry episode.

Fraidy Cat
Fraidy cat  is a slang term for a person who is very skittish.

List Tom Jerry episodes
This is a list Tom Jerry cartoons.

Woolworths (Australia)
Woolworths is a group supermarkets.

Privatization
Privatization is when a nationalized company is sold by government to people who want to buy it.

One Canada Square
One Canada Square is tallest building in London, United Kingdom.

Chevrolet Monte Carlo
Chevrolet Monte Carlo was a car produced by Chevrolet from 1970 through 1988 1995 through 2007.

Plymouth Superbird
Plymouth Superbird was a car made by Plymouth Motory in 1970 only.

Dodge Charger Daytona
Dodge Charger Daytona was a car produced by Dodge in 1969 only.

Opel Combo
Opel Combo is a van produced by General Motors since 1994 is branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden Chevrolet, depending on market.

Citroën 2CV
Citroen 2CV was a car produced by Citroen from 1949 through 1990.

Renault 4
Renault 4 was a car produced by Renault from 1961 through 1994.

Skoda Roomster
Skoda Roomster is a car produced by Skoda Auto since 2006.

Volvo C30
Volvo C30 is a car produced by Volvo since 2006.

Volkswagen Corrado
Volkswagen Corrado was a car produced by Volkswagen from 1988 through 1995.

Volvo V70
Volvo V70 is a car produced by Volvo since 1996.

Volvo V50
Volvo V50 is a car produced by Volvo since 2004.

Ford Mondeo
Ford Mondeo is a car produced by Ford Motory since 1993.

Volvo V40
Volvo V40 was a car produced by Volvo from 1995 through 2004.

Volvo S40
Volvo S40 is a car produced by Volvo since 1995.

El Hadji Diouf
El Hadji Diouf is a football player.

Dennis Wise
Dennis Wise is a football player.

Ashley Ward
Ashley Ward is a football player.

Ivica Kralj
Ivica Kralj (b.

The Football League 1926-27
Statistics The Football League in season 1926/1927.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1961-62
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1961/1962.

Colombian Professional Football 2000
Statistics Professional Football in season 2000.

Division 1 1968-69
Statistics Division 1 in season 1968/1969.

Italian Footballip 1906
Statistics Footballip in season 1906.

Primera División Argentina 1933
Statistics Primera División Argentina in season 1933.

Divizia A 1991-92
Statistics Divizia A in season 1991/1992.

Divizia A 1996-97
Statistics Divizia A in season 1996/1997.

Divizia A 1997-98
Statistics Divizia A in season 1997/1998.

Divizia A 1998-99
Statistics Divizia A in season 1998/1999.

Bit-level parallelism
Bit-level parallelism is a parallel computing based on increasing processor word size, depending on very-large-scale integration  technology.

Instruction level parallelism
1.

Data parallelism
Data parallelism  is a parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing data across different parallel processor nodes.

Task parallelism
Task parallelism  is a parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing execution processes threads across different parallel processor nodes.

Interrupt latency
In Realtime Operating Systems , interrupt latency is time between generation an interrupt by a device  servicing device which generated interrupt.

Flavorsglement
Flavorsglement is studio album by rock singeris Morissette.

Thread switching latency
The thread switching latency is time needed by operating system to switch CPU to run another thread.

Process switching latency
The process switching latency is time needed by operating system to perform process context switch to continue executing another process.

Penguin (comics)
The Penguin is an enemy in DC Comics.He is played by Burgess Meredith in by Danny DeVito in Returns.

Batman (1966 movie)
Batman , also known as: The Movie, is a spin-off film 60's series.

Context switch
A context switch is computing process saving restoring state  a CPU such that multiple processes can share a single CPU resource.

Diamond Jubilee
A diamond jubilee is a celebration a anniversary for a person.

The Jungle Book 2
"The Jungle Book 2" is a 2003 animated movie film produced by DisneyToon Studios in Sydney, Australia.

King Louie
King Louie is a fictionalangutan who kidnaps Mowgli in Disney's 1967 animated musical adaptation The Jungle Book.

Cindy McCain
Cindy McCain  is an business woman wife republican presidential candidate John McCain.

Thread (computer science)
A thread in computer science is for a "thread execution".

Tilde de Paula
Tilde de Paula is a swedish television host presenter.

Sofia Wistam
Sofia Wistam  is a swedish television host radio talk-show host.

Gry Forssell
Gry Forssell  is a television presenter on TV4.

Cynthia McKinney
Cynthia McKinney  is an politician 2008 presidential candidate for Green Party.

Task (computers)
A task is a set program instructions that are loaded in memory,n address registers is loaded with initial address to start running task.

Eddie Brock
Eddie Brock is a fictional character from Spider-Man comic book universe.

Process (computing)
In computing, a process is an instance a computer program that is being sequentially executed by a computer system that has ability to run several computer programs concurrently.

Imam Samudra
Abdul Aziz aka Imam Samudra aka Qudama  was an for his in 2002 Bali bombings.

Huda bin Abdul Haq
Huda bin Abdul Haq  was an for his role in 2002 Bali bombings.

Amrozi bin Nurhasyim
Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim   was an who was in 2002 Bali bombing.

Studs Terkel
Louis "Studs" Terkel  was an author, historian, actor, broadcaster who lived in Chicago.

Bob Barr
 is Party nominee for President United States in 2008 election.

2002 Bali bombings
The 2002 Bali bombing occurred on 12 October 2002 in tourist district Kuta on island Bali.

Multi-user
Multi-user is a term that defines an operating system, computer program, a game that allows use by more than users same computer at same time.

Flying squirrel
The Flying squirrel is a sociable, noisy rodent that doesn't really fly; it glides from trees, using a flap loose skin that connects its front hind legs It can glide up to 150 feet , steering with its tail.

S1m0ne
"S1m0ne" is a 2002 movie directed by Andrew Niccol.

Big Brother (Nineteen Eighty-Four)
Big Brother is a fictional character in George Orwell's book "Nineteen Eighty-Four".

Sooty Mangabey
The Sooty Mangabey , also called Tom Midwood is an Old World monkey Guinea Bissau, Gabon, Senegala.

Joe Byrne (bushranger)
Joseph Byrne also known as Joe Byrne  was an bushranger.

College basketball
College basketball usually means basketball league that is led by National Collegiate Athletic Association .

Public university
A public university is a university that is given money by public government.

University-Flint
The University–Flint is in Flint,, United States.

Shirley Hufstedler
Shirley Mount Hufstedler  was United States Secretary Education under President Jimmy Carter.

University–Dearborn
The University–Dearborn is a university in Flint,, United States.

Margaret Spellings
Margaret Spellings  is current Secretary Education under administration U.S.

Public Ivy
Public Ivy is a term started by Richard Moll in his 1985 book "Public Ivys: A Guide to America's public undergraduate colleges universities".

Nundle, New South Wales
Nundle is a village in Newd area New South Wales, Australia.

The Midnight Snack
The Midnight Snack is Tom Jerry cartoon.

The Night Before Christmas
The Night Before Christmas is Tom Jerry episode.

National Library Australia
The National Library Australia is Australia's reference library.

Breeza, New South Wales
Breeza is a village in New South Wales, Australia.

Retail
Retail ares items that are sold at location such as department stores by post, where customer cander items from a retailer have items delivered by post mail.

Mauro Zárate
Mauro Zàrate  is a Argentine football player .

Gunnedah, New South Wales
Gunnedah is a town in north-western New South Wales, Australia.

Instruction pipelining
An instruction pipeline is a technique used in design modern microprocessors, microcontrollers CPUs to increaseir instruction throughput .

Sami Hyypiä
Sami Hyypiä  is a player fromd playing for Liverpool F.C.

Now That's What I Call Music! 29 (U.S. series)
"Now That's What I Call Music! 29" is album iniginal Now series.

Thrissur
Thrissur is 14 districts Kerala.

Michigan Territory
Michigan Territory was a territory United States in early century, between June 30, 1805 January 26, 1837, when it became, state Union.

Syro-Malabar Catholic Church
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Church is a Rite, Major Archiepiscopal Church in Catholic Church.

Jurassic Coast
The Jurassic Coast is a special bit coastline that is between Orcombe Point near Exmouth in East Devon to Old Harry Rocks nearage in East Dorset.

Instruction (computer science)
In computer science, an instruction is a single operation a processor defined by processor instruction set.

Dihi Union Public Library
Dihi Union Public Library is union-based public library in.

Piacenza
Piacenza is a city in region Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Superscalar
A superscalar CPU architecture implements a parallel computing called Instruction-level parallelism inside a single processor which allows faster CPU throughput at same clock rate.

SA80
SA80 "Small Arms 80's" is aapons family used by Army Royal Marines, all are bullpup design; meaning magazine is placed behind trigger allowingapon to be yet still have a long barrel.

Geoff Bunn
Geoff Bunn is an artist.

Fred Yates
Fred Yates  was an artist.

Sauerbraten
Sauerbraten is a meat dish eaten mainly iny, but also neighbouring countries.

The Economist
"The Economist" is a magazine published eachek ind.

Our Lady Guadalupe
Our Lady Guadalupe, also called Virgin Guadalupe is a century Catholic symbol Virgin Mary.

Poison (band)
Poison is a glam metal band fromicsburg,ia.

Yao Ming
Yao Ming  is a professional basketball player.

Ray Emery
Raymond "Ray" Emery  is a professional ice hockey player.

Execution unit
In computer engineering, an execution unit is a a CPU  that performs specific operations calculations.

Pre-1600tic hurricane seasons
The pre-1600tic hurricane seasons talks about all knowntic tropical cyclones before to 1600.

1600-1619tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons Pre-1600 1600s/1610s 30s 50s The decades 1600s 1610s featured 1600–1619tic hurricane seasons.

Valley Parade
Valley Parade, also known by its sponsored Coral Windows Stadium is a football stadium in Bradford ind.

Levi Lincoln, Sr.
Levi Lincoln, Sr.

James R. Schlesinger
James Rodney Schlesinger  was United States Secretary Defense from 1973 to 1975 under presidents Richard Nixon Gerald Ford.

Basis vector
Basis vector is way simply making magenta,yellow red.

Simultaneous multithreading
Simultaneous multithreading, acronym SMT, is a technique for improving overall efficiency superscalar CPUs with Hardware multithreading.

Out-of-order execution
In computer engineering,-of-order execution, OoOE, is a technique used in high-performance microprocessors to make use cycles that would otherwise be wasted by a certain type costly delay.

Speculative execution
In computer science, speculative execution is execution code, before being sure if result will be needed.

Branch prediction
In computer architecture, a branch predictor is a processor that determines whether a conditional branch  in instruction flow a program isly to be taken not.

Key exchange
Key exchange is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users, allowing use a cryptographic system.

Secure channel
In cryptography, a secure channel is a way transferring data that is very difficult  to overhear copy  understand : "decrypt") change .

Terminology
Terminology is study termsir use.

Technical terminology
Technical terminology is specialized vocabulary a field.

Althen-des-Paluds
Althen-des-Paluds is a commune 1988 people .

Ansouis
Ansouis is a commune 1,105 people .

Apt, Vaucluse
Apt is a commune 11,229 people .

Aubignan
Aubignan is a commune 3,877 people .

Aurel, Vaucluse
Aurel is a commune 158 people .

Auribeau
Auribeau is a commune 59 people .

Le Barroux
Le Barroux is a commune 615 people .

La Bastide-dess
La Bastide-dess is a commune 964 people .

La Bastidonne
La Bastidonne is a commune 677 people .

Le Beaucet
Le Beaucet is a commune 352 people .

Beaumes-de-Venise
Beaumes-de-Venise is a commune 2,070 people .

Beaumettes
Beaumettes is a commune 197 people .

Beaumont-de-Pertuis
Beaumont-de-Pertuis is a commune 934 people .

Beaumont-du-Ventoux
Beaumont-du-Ventoux is a commune 286 people .

Bédarrides
Bédarrides is a commune 5,110 people .

Bédoin
Bédoin is a commune 2,609 people .

Blauvac
Blauvac is a commune 337 people .

Bollène
Bollène is a commune 13,835 people .

Bonnieux
Bonnieux is a commune 1,417 people .

Brantes
Brantes is a commune 65 people .

Buisson
Buisson is a commune 264 people .

Buoux
Buoux is a commune 112 people .

Cabrières-d'Aigues
Cabrières-d'Aigues is a commune 819 people .

Cabrières-d'Avignon
Cabrières-d'Avignon is a commune 1,705 people .

Flag
The national flag  consists three stripes  with a red bar on left that contains national emblem.

Cadenet
Cadenet is a commune 3,950 people .

Caderousse
Caderousse is a commune 2,496 people .

Coat Arms
The National Emblem  consists a khanjar dagger in a sheath that is superimposed upon two crossed swords.

Cairanne
Cairanne is a commune 850 people .

Camaret-sur-Aigues
Camaret-sur-Aigues is a commune 3,553 people .

Caromb
Caromb is a commune 3,117 people .

Carpentras
Carpentras is a commune 27,249 people .

Caseneuve
Caseneuve is a commune 355 people .

Castellet
Castellet is a commune 106 people .

Caumont-surce
Caumont-surce is a commune 4,253 people .

Cavaillon
Cavaillon is a commune 24,563 people .

Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne
Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne is a commune 2,838 people .

Châteauneuf-du-Pape
Châteauneuf-du-Pape is a commune 2,078 people .

Chevalc
Chevalc is a commune 3,524 people .

Courthézon
Courthézon is a commune 5,364 people .

Crestet
Crestet is a commune 432 people .

Crillon-le-Brave
Crillon-le-Brave is a commune 398 people .

Cucuron
Cucuron is a commune 1,828 people .

Entraigues-sur-la-Sorgue
Entraigues-sur-la-Sorgue is a commune 6,612 people .

Entrechaux
Entrechaux is a commune 869 people .

Faucon
Faucon is a commune 380 people .

Flassan
Flassan is a commune 341 people .

Fontaine-de-Vaucluse
Fontaine-de-Vaucluse is a commune 610 people .

Gargas, Vaucluse
Gargas is a commune 196 people .

Gignac, Vaucluse
Gignac is a commune 48 people .

Gigondas
Gigondas is a commune 648 people .

Gordes
Gordes is a commune 2,092 people .

Goult
Goult is a commune 1,285 people .

Grambois
Grambois is a commune 1,113 people .

Grillon
Grillon is a commune 1,686 people .

L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue
L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue is a commune 16,971 people .

Jonquerettes
Jonquerettes is a commune 1,236 people .

Jonquières, Vaucluse
Jonquières is a commune 3,926 people .

Joucas
Joucas is a commune 317 people .

Lacoste, Vaucluse
Lacoste is a commune 408 people .

Lafare
Lafare is a commune 97 people .

Lagarde-d'Apt
Lagarde-d'Apt is a commune 26 people .

Lagarde-Paréol
Lagarde-Paréol is a commune 297 people .

Lagnes
Lagnes is a commune 1,674 people .

Lamotte-du-Rhône
Lamotte-du-Rhône is a commune 416 people .

Lapalud
Lapalud is a commune 3,267 people .

Lauris
Lauris is a commune 3,102 people .

Lioux
Lioux is a commune 248 people .

Loriol-du-Comtat
Loriol-du-Comtat is a commune 1,871 people .

Lourmarin
Lourmarin is a commune 1,119 people .

Malaucène
Malaucène is a commune 2,669 people .

Malemort-du-Comtat
Malemort-du-Comtat is a commune 1,203 people .

Maubec, Vaucluse
Maubec is a commune 1,581 people .

Mazan
Mazan is a commune 4,943 people .

Ménerbes
Ménerbes is a commune 1,157 people .

Mérindol
Mérindol is a commune 1,903 people .

Méthamis
Méthamis is a commune 397 people .

Mirabeau, Vaucluse
Mirabeau is a commune 907 people .

Voice overet Protocol
Voice overet protocol  is a general term other computers using programs Skype.

Vaucluse
Vaucluse  is a department in southeastce.

Diffie key exchange
Diffie key exchange  is a cryptographic protocol that allows twoies that have no prior knowledge each other to establish together a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel.

British Royal Family
The Royal Family is group close relatives monarch United Kingdom.

MQV
MQV  is an authenticated protocol for key agreement based on Diffie scheme.

Cher (department)
Cher  is a department located in centrece.

Corrèze
Corrèze  is a department in south centralce.

Runtime
In computer science, runtime run time describes operation a computer program, duration its execution, from beginning to termination.

Java Virtual Machine
A Java Virtual Machine  is a set computer software programs data structures which use a virtual machine model for execution other computer programs scripts.

Station-to-Station protocol
The Station-to-Station  protocol is a cryptographic key agreement scheme based on classic Diffie key exchange that provides mutual key entity  authentication.

Internet Keyge
Internet Keyge  is protocol up a security association  in IPsec protocol suite.

Shared secret
In cryptography, a shared secret is a piece data only known toies involved in a secure communication.

Styphnolobium
Pagoda Tree Scholar Tree  is a genus flowering plants in "Fabaceae" family.

Horsforth
Horsforth is a town near Leeds.

1620-1639tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons Pre-1600 10s 1620s/1630s 50s 70s The decades 1620s 1630s featured 1620–1639tic hurricane seasons.

1640-1659tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 10s 30s 1640s/1650s 70s 90s The decades 1640s 1650s featured 1640–1659tic hurricane seasons.

Pre-shared key
In cryptography, a pre-shared key PSK is a shared secret which was previously shared between twoies using secure channel before it is used.

1660-1679tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 30s 50s 1660s/1670s 90s 10s The decades 1660s 1670s featured 1660–1679tic hurricane seasons.

Mutual authentication
Mutual authentication two-way authentication  refers to twoies authenticating each other correctly.

1680-1699tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 50s 70s 1680s/1690s 10s 30s The decades 1680s 1690s featured 1680–1699tic hurricane seasons.

Corse-du-Sud
Corse-du-Sud is a department located in southce.

1700-1719tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 70s 90s 1700s/1710s 30s 60s Although not listed below, Great Storm 1703 that struck Kingdomd may have been a hurricane.

Haute-Corse
Haute-Corse is a department located in southce.

1720-1739tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 90s 10s 1720s/1730s 50s 1760s The decades 1720s 1730s featured 1720–1739tic hurricane seasons.

Côte-d'Or
Cote-d'Or is a department located in centerce.

1740-1759tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 10s 30s 1740s/1750s 1760s 1770s The decades 1720s 1730s featured 1740–1759tic hurricane seasons.

Côtes-d'Armor
Cotes-d'Armor is a department located instce.

Creuse
Creuse is a department located in centerce.

Dordogne
Dordogne is a department located in center-westce.

1760-1769tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 10s 30s 1740s/1750s 1760s 1770s The decade 1760s featured 1760–1769tic hurricane seasons.

Doubs
Doubs is a department located ince inche-Comté region.

Drôme
Drôme is a department located in southeastce in Rhône-Alpes region.

IPsec
Internet Protocol Security  is a suite protocols for securinget Protocol  communications by authenticating encrypting each IP packet a data stream.

Eure
Eure is a department located in northwestce in Hautedie region.

Eure-et-Loir
Eure-et-Loir is a department located in centerce in Centre region.

Key-agreement protocol
In cryptography, a key-agreement protocol is a cryptographic protocol by which two moreies can agree on a key in such a way that both have an effect on results.

1770-1779tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 50s 1760s 1770s 1780s 1790s The decade 1770s featured 1770–1779tic hurricane seasons.

Finistère
Finistère is a department located instce in Bretagne region.

1780-1789tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1760s 1770s 1780s 1790s 1800s The decade 1780s featured 1780–1789tic hurricane seasons.

1790-1799tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1770s 1780s 1790s 1800s 1810s The decade 1790s featured 1790–1799tic hurricane seasons.

1800-1809tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1780s 1790s 1800s 1810s 1820s The decade 1800s featured 1800–1809tic hurricane seasons.

1810-1819tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1790s 1800s 1810s 1820s 1830s The decade 1810s featured 1810–1819tic hurricane seasons.

1820-1829tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1800s 1810s 1820s 1830s 1840s The decade 1820s featured 1820–1829tic hurricane seasons.

1830-1839tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1810s 1820s 1830s 1840s 1850s The decade 1830s featured 1830–1839tic hurricane seasons.

Jigglypuff
Jigglypuff is 493 fictional species Pokémon from "Pokémon" media franchise owned by Nintendo Game Freak.

Muhammad al-Qaim Bi-Amrillah
Muhammad al-Qaim Bi-Amrillah   was Caliph Fatimids in Ifriqiya ruled from 934 to 946.

Victoria Falls
Victoria Falls is a waterfall, found in south central Africa in Zambezi River between southeast Zambia northwest Zimbabwe.

Anti-nuclear movement
Many people who are anti-nuclear, are against use nuclear power for electricity generation, sincey think nuclear power is inherently dangerous.

Vicente López y Portaña
Vicente López y Portaña  was a painter.

Théophile Gautier
Pierre Jules Théophile Gautier  was a French poet, dramatist, novelist, journalist, literary critic.

Anton Raphael Mengs
Anton Raphael Mengs  was a painter.

El Escorial
El Escorial is a famous royal site in Spain.

Governor Alaska
Theor Alaska is head executive branch Alaska's government leader state's military.

City council
A city council is a local government, usually covering a city other urban area, such as a town.

Fallout 3
"Fallout 3" is an action/role-playing game computer game.

Chuck Baldwin
Charles O.

Darrell Castle
Darrell Castle  is an political figure, activist lawyer from Memphis, Tennessee, 2008 vice-presidential candidate Constitution Party .

United States Electoral College
The Electoral College consists 538 popularly elected people whoally select President Vice President United States.

Gard
Gard is a department located in southce in Languedoc-Roussillon region.

Haute-Garonne
Haute-Garonne is a department located in southce in Midi-Pyrénées region.

Gers
Gers is a department located in southeastce in Midi-Pyrénées region.

Gironde
Gironde is a department located in southeastce in Aquitaine region.

Hérault
Hérault is a department located in southce in Languedoc-Roussillon region.

Ille-et-Vilaine
Ille-et-Vilaine is a department located instce in Bretagne region.

Indre-et-Loire
Indre-et-Loire is a department located in centerce in Pays de la Loire regiond after river Loire.

Isère
Isère is a department located in southeastce in Rhône-Alpes region.

Landes
Landes is a department located in southwestce in Aquitaine region.

Loir-et-Cher
Loir-et-Cher is a department located in centerce in Pays de la Loire region.

Loire
Loire is a department located in centerce in Rhône-Alpes region.

Haute-Loire
Haute-Loire is a department located in centerce in Auvergne region.

Loiret
Loiret is a department located in centerce in Centre region.

Lot (department)
Lot is a department located in southce in Midi-Pyrénées region.

Lot-et-Garonne
Lot-et-Garonne is a department located in southwestce in Aquitaine region.

Lozère
Lozère is a department located in southce in Languedoc-Roussillon region.

Maine-et-Loire
Maine-et-Loire is a department located instce in Pays de la Loire region.

Manche
Manche is a department located instce in Bassedie region.

Marne
Marne is a department located in northeastce in Champagne-Ardenne region.

Haute-Marne
Haute-Marne is a department located in eastce in Champagne-Ardenne region.

Meurthe-et-Moselle
Meurthe-et-Moselle is a department located in eastce in Lorraine region.

Meuse
Meuse is a department located in eastce in Lorraine region.

Morbihan
Morbihan is a department located instce in Bretagne region.

Nièvre
Nièvre is a department located in centerce in Bourgogne region.

Nord (department)
Nord is a department located in northce in Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.

Oise
Oise is a department located in northce in Picardie region.

Pas-de-Calais
Pas-de-Calais is a department located in northce in Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.

Puy-de-Dôme
Puy-de-Dôme is a department located in centerce in Auvergne region.

Pyrénéestiques
Pyrénéestiques is a department located in southwestce in Aquitaine region.

Hautes-Pyrénées
Hautes-Pyrénées is a department located in southwestce in Midi-Pyrénées region.

Pyrénées-Orientales
Pyrénées-Orientales is a department located in southce in Languedoc-Roussillon region.

Bas-Rhin
Bas-Rhin is a department located in eastce in Alsace region.

Haut-Rhin
Haut-Rhin is a department located in eastce in Alsace region.

Rhône (department)
Rhône is a department located in centerce in Rhône-Alpes region.

Haute-Saône
Haute-Saône is a department located in eastce inche-Comté region.

Saône-et-Loire
Saône-et-Loire is a department located in centerce in Bourgogne region.

Sarthe
Sarthe is a commune.

Savoie
Savoie is a department located in southeastce in Rhône-Alpes region.

Seine-Maritime
Seine-Maritime is a department located in northwestce in Hautedie region.

Seine-et-Marne
Seine-et-Marne is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Yvelines
Yvelines is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Deux-Sèvres
Deux-Sèvres is a department located instce in Poitou-Charentes region.

Somme
Somme is a department located in northce in Picardie region.

Tarn
Tarn is a department located in southce in Midi-Pyrénées region.

Tarn-et-Garonne
Tarn-et-Garonne is a department located in southce in Midi-Pyrénées region.

Var (department)
Var is a department found in southeastce in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

Vendée
Vendée is a department located instce in Pays de la Loire region.

Vienne
Vienne is a department located instce in Poitou-Charentes region.

Haute-Vienne
Haute-Vienne is a department located in centerce in Limousin region.

Vosges
Vosges is a department located in eastce in Lorraine region.

Yonne
Yonne is a department located in centerce in Bourgogne region.

Zwentendorf power plant
The Zwentendorf power plant is a nuclear power plant in Zwentendorf an der Donau in Austria.

Territoire de Belfort
Territoire de Belfort is a department located in eastce inche-Comté region.

Essonne
Essonne is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Hauts-de-Seine
Hauts-de-Seine is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Seine-Saint-Denis
Seine-Saint-Denis is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Val-de-Marne
Val-de-Marne is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Val-d'Oise
Val-d'Oise is a department located in centerce in Île-dece region.

Quimper
Quimper is a town ince.

Georges Cuvier
Baron Georges Léopold Chrétien Frédéric Dagobert Cuvier  was a French naturalist zoologist.

George W. Campbell
Georgeington Campbell  was an statesman.

Samuel Chase
Samuel Chase , was an Associate Justice United States Supreme Court earlier was a signer United States Declaration Independence as a representatived.

Santa Cruz, Bolivia
Santa Cruz de La Sierra, also known as Santa Cruz, is city in Bolivia, capital city Santa Cruz department .

Arithmetic logic unit
In computing, an arithmetic logic unit  is a digital circuit that performs arithmetic logical operations.

Floating point unit
A floating point unit  is a a computer system specially operations on floating point numbers.

Eating disorder
An eating disorder is whenone begins eating too much, whenone begins to avoid eating.

Derealization
Derealization  is a change in wayone views world so that it seems unreal.

Paresthesia
Paresthesia  is a feeling tingling, prickling, numbness with no permanent effects.

Perfectionism
Perfectionism is belief that can should be perfect.

Garonne river
The Garonne is a river that runs through northern Spain southwestce.

Physical abuse
Physical abuse is a abuse which causes feelings pain, injury, other physical suffering.

Sexual abuse
Sexual abuse  is when person forces another person to unwillingly commit any sexual act.

Saka
The Sakasre a population nomadic tribesmen lived in plains Eurasia from Europe to China, from Old Period to Middle Period.

Hill Auditorium
Hill Auditorium is performance place on University campus in Ann Arbor in United States.

Goulburn, New South Wales
Goulburn is a city inds New South Wales, Australia.

Women's suffrage
Women's suffrage refers to women fighting to gain right to vote.

Grenfell, New South Wales
Grenfell is a country town in Central West New South Wales, Australia.

Mike Vernon
Michael "Mike" Vernon  is a retired professional ice hockey player.

United Kingdom general election, 1997
The UK general election, 1997 was held on 1 May 1997.

Metropolitan Overseasce
Metropolitance isce in Europe.

Justin Raimondo
Justin Raimondo  is an writer editorial directorbsite Antiwar.com.

Chelsea Clinton
Chelsea Victoria Clinton  is only daughter Bill Clinton, President United States, his wife, Hillary Clinton, Senator for New York.

Crich
Crich  is a village in countyire.

Edwardian period
The period era in United Kingdom is period covering reign King Edward VII, 1901 to 1910.

Objectivity (philosophy)
Detached Objectivity is a philosophical method for a person separatingir own ideas opinions from observationsy make.

Rod Paige
Roderick Raynor "Rod" Paige , served as United States Secretary Education from 2001 to 2005.

Joshua Bolten
Joshua Brewster Bolten  is current White House Chief Staff serving U.S.

Alan Stephenson Boyd
Alan Stephenson Boyd  was United States Secretarysportation, appointed by Lyndon Johnson in November 1966.

Mary Peters (politician)
Mary E.

Grawp
Grawp is a fictional character in Harry Potter book series written by J.

Timeline 2008tic hurricane season
Below is a timeline 2008tic hurricane season, documenting all stormations, strengthening,akening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, asll as dissipation.

President-elect
A President-elect is a political candidate who has been elected president but who has not yet takenfice.

Flag Australia
The flag Australia is a national flag.

United States presidential election, 2000
The United States presidential election 2000 was a contest between Democratic candidate Al Gore,n-Vice President, candidate George W.

United States presidential election, 2004
The United States presidential election 2004 was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2004, to elect President United States.

Register renaming
In computer engineering, register renaming refers to a technique unnecessary serialized execution program instructions because reuse same registers by instructions.

Chesterfield
Chesterfield is a town inire ind.

Formation evolution Solar System
The rormation evolution Solar System is for many ideas describing how Solar System began how it will carry on changing.

Microarchitecture
In computer engineering, microarchitecture  is a description electrical circuitry a computer, central processing unit, digital signal processor that is sufficient for completely describing operation hardware.

Southampton Corporation Tramways
Southampton Corporation Tramways was a transport company opened in 1879 closed in 1949.

Can't Stop This Thing We Started
"Can't Stop This Thing We Started" is a song by Adams.

Graeme Pollock
Robert Graeme Pollock, known as Graeme,  was a national cricketer for South Africa.

Garfield Sobers
Sir Garfield St Aubrun Sobers  is a West cricketer.

Uttoxeter
Uttoxeter is a market town inire,d.

European Union Rule Law Mission in Kosovo
The Union Rule Law Mission in Kosovo also called EULEX Kosovo is a contract between Union Kosovo.

Study circle
A Study circle is a group people who meet multiple times to discuss an issue.

Terry Nation
Terry Nation  was a television screenwriter.

Rogério Ceni
Rogério Mücke Ceni  better know as Rogério Ceni, is a football player.

Gödel's incompletenessorem
In mathmatical logic, Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem is idea that all understanding is not complete.

Inauguration
Inauguration is a ceremony marking beginning a politician takingfice opening, for example, a bridge.

Beige
Beige is a very pale yellowish-cream color.

Dr. Fahmida Mirza
Dr.

United
United Republic was territory whiched East Bengal provincial region present-day put together as single nation in period 1947-1971.

Rubens Barrichello
Rubens Gonçalves Barrichello  is a Formula Oneracing driver.

Digital signal processor
A digital signal processor  is a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing, generally used in real-time computing.

Lies for Liars
"Lies for Liars" is a full-length album released in 2007 by The Used.

If Only You Were Lonely
If Only You Were Lonely is album released by Hawthorne Heights.

Digital signal processing
Digital signal processing  is concerned with processing digital signals analog signals after converting from analog to digitalat.

Avaí Futebol Clube
Avaí Futebol Clube, Avaí asy are usually called, is a football team fromópolis in Santa Catarina, founded on September 1, 1923.

Estádio da Ressacada
The Estádio Aderbal Ramos da Silva, usually called Estádio da Ressacada just Ressacada, is a football stadium inaugurated on November 15, 1983 inos neighborhood,ópolis, Santa Catarina, with a maximum capacity approximately 19,000 people.

Ford Anglia
Ford Anglia was a car produced by Ford Motory from 1939 through 1967.

Flagce
The national flagce is French Tricoulour Tricolour .

Coat Armsce
The national emblemce has been a symbol country since 1953.

Democratic socialism
Democratic socialism is a branch socialism which believes in democracy.

Opel Sintra
Opel Sintra was a car produced by General Motors from 1996 through 1999, was branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden Chevrolet, depending on market.

Opel Zafira
Opel Zafira is a car produced by General Motors since 1999, is branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden, Chevrolet, depending on market.

Opel Vectra
Opel Vectra was a car produced by General Motors from 1988 through 2008, branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden, Chevrolet, depending on market.

A (disambiguation)
A is letter alphabet.

Poison dart frog
Poison dart frog is common a group frogs in family "Dendrobatidae".

Stare at Sun
"Stare at Sun" is a 2004 single by band Thrice.

Golden Poison Frog
"Phyllobates terribilis", Golden Poison Frog Golden Dart Frog, is a poison dart frog endemic to Pacific coast Colombia.

Space Race
The Space Race was a competition space exploration between Soviet Union United States, which lasted from 1957 to 1975.

Mercedes-Benz R-Class
Mercedes-Benz R-Class is a car made by Mercedes-Benz since 2006.

Mercedes-Benz C-Class
Mercedes-Benz C-Class is a car made by Mercedes-Benz since 1993.

Ford F-Series
Ford F-Series is a truck produced by Ford Motory since 1948.

European Council
The Council  is highest political body Union.

INSEE
INSEE  is French national institute dor Statistics Economic sutdies.

Manaphy
Manaphy is 493 fictional species Pokémon from "Pokémon" franchise owned by Nintendo.

Anhedonia
In psychology, anhedonia  is not finding happiness pleasure in events that are normally pleasurable.

CFPc
The CFP franc  is currency used ince's overseas colonies .

Pierre Corneille
Pierre Corneille  was a French playwright.

Jean Racine
Jean Racine  was a French playwright.

Hurricane Iniki
History.

Cinderella
Cinderella is a popular fairy tale.

.fr
.fr is top-level domain  ince.

Cognitive-behavioralrapy
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy  is term that is types psychotherapeutic systems that deal with cognitions, interpretations, beliefs responses.

Analog to digital converter
In electronics, an analog-to-digital converter  is an electronic integrated circuit, which converts continuous signals to discrete digital numbers.

Eye Movement Desensitization Reprocessing
Eye Movement Desensitization Reprocessing  is a psychotherapy.

Digital to analog converter
In electronics, a digital-to-analog converter  is a device for converting a digital  code to an analog signal .

Digital Signal Controller
A Digital Signal Controller  can be thought as a hybrid microcontrollers DSP processors.

Naltrexone
Naltrexone is an opioid receptor antagonist.

Proximity fuze
A proximity fuze  is a fuze that is made to create an explosive when distance to target becomes than a set value when target passes through a given line.

PT boat
PT Boatsre motor torpedo boats .

Radar jamming
Radar jamming is emission radio frequency signals to interfere with work a radar by flooding its receiver with noise false information.

Peace Corps
“to promote world peace friendship through a Peace Corps, which shall make available to interested countries areas men women United States abroad willing to serve, under conditions hardship if necessary, to help peoples such countries areas in meetingir needs for trained manpower.” Since 1960, more than 190,000 people have served as Peace Corps volunteers in 139 countries.

Great Society
The Great Society was a set programs proposed enacted in United States by President Lyndon B.

Edward Seymour, Duke Somerset
Edward Seymour, Duke Somerset (c.

Sit-in
A sit-in sit-down is a direct action that involves more persons nonviolently occupying an area for a protest.

Alden B. Dow
Alden B.

Strategic Defense Initiative
The Strategic Defense Initiative  was a plan created by U.S.

Circa
Circa is Latin word for "around" "about".

Varges
Varges is a black metal musician, convicted murderer, arsonist political activist.

Spider-Man 2
Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 movie sequel to 2002 "Spider-Man" movie.

Paul Gauguin
Eugène Henri Paul Gauguin  was a leading Post-Impressionist painter.

Puss in Boots
Puss in boots is a fairy tale.

The Three Musketeers
"The Three Musketeers"  is a novel bydre Dumas, père.

Mont Saint Michel
Mont Saint-Michel  is a rocky tidal island indy,ce.

A Clockworkge (movie)
"A Clockworkge" is a 1971 satirical science fiction movie version a 1962 novel same, written by Anthony Burgess.

Pasties
Pasties (sing.

Twentyd Leagues Under Sea
Twentyd Leagues Under Sea  is a science fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne.

Stendhal
Henri-Marie Beyle  is better known by his pen Stendhal.

Travis Barker
Travis Landon Barker  is an drummer.

Guy det
Guy det  was a popular century French writer.

Prairie dog
Prairie dogs are not dogs at all.

The Hunchback Notre Dame
"The Hunchback Notre Dame"  is a 1831 French novel written by Victor Hugo.

Pierre-Auguste Renoir
Pierre-Auguste Renoir  was a French artist.

Antoine Watteau
Jean-Antoine Watteau  was a French painter whose brief career spurred revival interest in colour movement , brought back almost forgotten Baroque idiom, which, in time became known as Rococo.

2003tic hurricane season
The 2003tic hurricane seasonficially began June 1, 2003ficially ended on November 30, 2003.

Soggy biscuit
Soggy biscuit  is a masturbation game playedly by teenage groups in whichicipants stand around a biscuit masturbating until ejaculating onto it; last person to do so must eat biscuit.

Hurricane Isabel
Hurricane Isabel was costliest deadliest hurricane in 2003tic hurricane season.

Eugène Delacroix
Ferdinand Victor Eugène Delacroix  was a Frenchtic artist regarded fromset his career as leader Frenchtic school.

Eugène Durieu
Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu  was an early French photographer nudes, known for making studies for Eugène Delacroix.

Anabolism
Anabolism is set metabolic pathways that make molecules from units.

Period (punctuation)
A period, also known as a full stop, in punctuation is a dot  that is at end a sentence.

S.H.E
S.H.E is a girl group with three people: Selina Ren, Hebe Tien, Ella Chen.

Barry Dickens
Barry Dickins  is an artist writer books plays.

Multiplexer
In electronics, a multiplexer mux  is a device that selects many analog digital input signalsputs that into a singleput line.

Input/output
In computing, input/output, I/O, refers to communication between a digital processing system,side world – possibly a human, another processing system a device.

Instruction set
An instruction set is a list all instructions with allir variations, that a processor can execute.

Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh is a Hindu nationalistganization in India.

Power consumption
In electrical engineering, power consumptionten refers to electrical energy over time an electrical appliance.

Hindutva
The Hindutva ideology is central tenetganizations which advocate Hindu nationalism.

Phetchabun
Phetchabun is a town in centrald.

Very long instruction word
Very Long Instruction Word VLIW refers to a CPU architecture advantage instruction level parallelism  but at minimum level hardware complexities.

Phetchabun Province
Phetchabun  is northern provinces d.

Trang Province
Trang is southern provincesd.

Goatse.cx
Goatse.cx  was anet shock site.

Modesty
Modesty  is for a number norms behaviour a society expects individual people that make up this society.

Minimal instruction set computer
Minimal Instruction Set Computer  is a processor architecture with a very number basic instruction operations corresponding opcodes.

Zoophilia
Zoophilia is a type paraphilia.

One instruction set computer
A One Instruction Set Computer  is an abstract computer that uses only instruction .

Zero instruction set computer
In computer science, ZISC stands for Zero Instruction Set Computer, which refers to a chip technology based on pure pattern matching absence micro-instructions.

Greco world
The Greco Graeco world, refers to geographical regions countries whore influenced by language, culture, government religion ancient Greekss.

Peoples Temple
Peoples Temple was anganization founded in 1955 by Jim Jones that, by mid-1970s, possessed over a dozen locations in California including its headquarters in Sancisco.

Lotus (genus)
"Lotus" is a genus Pea family.

Regina Spektor
Regina Spektor is a singer-songwriter pianist.

Micro-operation
In microarchitecture micro-operations , are detailed low-level instructions used in designs to implement complex machine instructions in which each instruction is composed a set low-level micro-ops.

Bulldog
The Bulldog, known as Bulldog Bulldog, is a medium-size breed dog thatiginated ind.

Languages
Introduction.

Defecation
Defecation is scientific for final stage digestion, which is act taking away solid, semisolid liquid waste from body, known as "Faeces ".

Flag Turkey
The flag Turkey  consists a white crescent moon a star on a red background.

Flag Saudi Arabia
The flag Saudi Arabia is flag used by government Saudi Arabia since March 15, 1973.

Coat Arms Saudi Arabia
The Saudi coat arms  was adopted in 1950.

Child pornography
Child pornography  refers to written electronic material showing describing children who are in erotic poses having sex.

Felching
Felching is a human sexual practice in which person sucks semen other fluids are sucked vagina anus a another person.

Hawk Nelson
Hawk Nelson is a rock band from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.

Child prostitution
Child prostitution is a term that refers to children working as prostitutes, in other words children who get paid to have sex.

Hawk Nelson Is My Friend
"Hawk Nelson is my Friend" is latest album by rock band Hawk Nelson.

Child grooming
Child grooming is a word for actions an adult takes to become friends with a child.

Cynic
The Cynics re an important group philosophers from ancient school Cynicism.

Botanical Garden Curitiba
The Jardim Botânico de Curitiba, in,ical Garden Curitiba, in, is also known as "Jardim Botânico Fanchette Rischbieter".

Samekh
Samekh Simketh is fifteenth letter in many Semitic alphabets, including, Hebrew, Aramaic, representing.

Aleph
Aleph is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Mem
Mem is thirteenth letter Hebrew alphabet.

Nun (letter)
Nun is fourteenth letter Hebrew alphabet.

Yodh
Yodh  is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Thee Michelle Gunt
Thee Michelle Gunt  was a punk band.

List Shahrukh's awards nominations
This page is an incomplete list awards nominations Shahrukh, an actor.

Gauri
Gauri   born 8 October 1970 is an movie producer.

Computer performance
Computer performance is characterized by amount work accomplished by a computer system resources used.

Chittagong Hill Tracts
The Chittagong Hill Tracts  comprise an area 13,180 km2 in south-eastern, borders Indiamar .

Trustedy
In cryptography, a trustedy  is an entity which makes interactions between twoies easy.

Needham-Schroeder protocol
The term Needham-Schroeder protocol can refer to two communication protocols over an insecure network, both protocols designed by Roger Needham Michael Schroeder.

Poverty in
Poverty in is a growing concern.

Kerberos (protocol)
Kerberos  is a computer network authentication protocol, which allowsies individuals communicating over a non-secure network to proveir identity to another in a secure manner.

Key distribution center
In cryptography, a key distribution center  is a cryptosystem risks exchanging keys shared secrets.

Alonzo Church
Alonzo Church  was an mathematician logician who made major contributions to mathematical logic foundationsoretical computer science.

Software suite
A software suite application suite is a set computer programs, related purpose,ten sharing a more-or-less common user interface can exchange data with each other.

Ayin
Ayin is sixteenth letter Hebrew alphabet.

Dalet
Dalet  is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Bet (letter)
Bet, Beth, Vet is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Gimel
Gimel is letter Hebrew alphabet.

He (letter)
He is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Waw (letter)
Waw   is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Pornographic actor
A pornographic actor/actress a porn star isbody who appears in pornographic films.

Friend Like That
Friend Like That is a Pop punk song released by band Hawk Nelson.

Nonviolence
Nonviolence is a philosophy that rejects use physical violence.

Abolitionism
Abolitionism was a movement that slavery in Europe Americas.

The Outsiders (novel)
"The Outsiders" is a novel by S.

Civil disobedience
Civil disobedience is active refusal to obey certain laws, demands commands a government, an occupying power, without resorting to physical violence.

Henry David Thoreau
Henry David Thoreau  was an author, naturalist philosopher.

Saying Sorry
Saying Sorry is a song by Hawthorne Heights released in 2006 fromir album, If Only You Were Lonely.

Love Parade
The Love Parade is a festival centered around Techno music.

The Silence in Black White
The Silence in Black White is album released by Hawthorne Heights.

The Gamblers
"The Gamblers" is a drama film directed written by Bieniek.

Maleeha Lodhi
Dr.

Naturism
Naturism nudism  is a term movements in society.

Mediterranean region
The region is region surrounding Sea.

Turkic languages
The Turkic languages are a language family thirty languages.They are spoken by Turkic peoples across an area from Europe to Siberia China.

Pierre de Coubertin
Pierre de Frédy, Baron de Coubertin  was a French teacher historian.

Chamonix
Chamonix is a French communes next to Montc.

Albertville
Albertville is a French commune in Savoie department.

Bijection
A bijection  is a function that is both injective surjective.

Shin (letter)
Shin is twenty-first letter in Hebrew alphabet.

Lamedh
Lamed Lamedh is letter in Hebrew alphabet.

Kansas Turnpike
The Kansas Turnpike is a road in Kansas, United States.

Calvin Klein
Calvin Klein Inc.

Merrie Melodies
"Merrie Melodies" is a series animated cartoons distributed by Warner Bros.

John Dewey
Life.

Time machine
Time machines are fictional machines.

Subscript
Subscript is text which a letter/number is written after aicular letter/number.

Superscript
Superscript is letter / number above aicular letter / number.

The Middle
The middle is a 2001 song released by Jimmy Eat World fromir album, Bleed its song fromir album.

Bleed
Bleed american is album released by Jimmy Eat World was made available in 2001.

Blackpool tramway
The Blackpool tramway runs from Blackpool to Fleetwood.

Ancient Church East
The Ancient Church East separated from Church East.

Collectivité territoriale
A Territorial collectivity  in French Republic, is a for all dependent areas.

Cleartext
In telecommunications, cleartext is a message data which is in a that is immediately understandable to a human being without additional processing.

Print server
A print server, printer server, is a computer device that is printers to a network, it accepts print jobs from client computersn prints jobs on requested printer.

Network Time Protocol
The Network Time Protocol  is a protocol for distributing Coordinated Universal Time  by synchronizing clocks computer systems over IP networks.

Project Athena
Project Athena was a joint project MIT, Digital Equipment Corporation, IBM.

Session key
A session key is a single-use symmetric key all messages in communication session.

Kite Runner
"Kite Runner" is a 2003 book writen by Khaled Hosseini.

Combinedal contraceptive pill
The combinedal contraceptive pill-control pill simply pill is a contraceptive for women.

Synchronization (computer science)
In computer science, synchronization refers to two different but related concepts: synchronization processes, synchronization data.

Client-server
In Computer science client-server is a software architecture model consisting twos, client systems server systems, both communicate over a computer network on same computer.

Mainstream
The mainstream includes all popular culture, usually circulated by mass media.

Opel Agila
Opel Agila is a car produced by General Motors since 2000, is branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden Chevrolet, depending on market.

Top Heatseekers
Top Heatseekers is aekly music chart for albums introduced by "Billboard" in 1993.

Zoo Entertainment
Zoo Entertainment was an record label, a BMG.

Subculture
A subculture is a group people with a culture  which makesm different from culture thaty belong to, known as "dominate" culture.

Wingfield,ire
Wingfield is a village in countyire,d, United Kingdom.

Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is Dragon King.

Late Registration
Late Registration is album singer Kanye West, released on August 30, 2005 by label Roc-A-Fella Records.

Barangay Santa Clara, Santa Maria,
Santa Clara  is twenty-four barangays comprising municipality Santa Maria,, in Philippines.

Furby (TV series)
"Furby" was a television series made in 1998 on Nickelodeon on 2002 on NickToons TV.

Lapis lazuli
Lapis lazuli is a metamorphic rock.

Royan
Royan is a city in southstce neartic Gironde estuary.

Spider-Man 3
"Spider-Man 3" is a 2007 superhero movie directed by Sam Raimi.

Controlled language
Controlled natural languages  are artificial languages built by simplifying grammar reducing number words in language to avoid ambiguity complexity.

Artificial languages
An artificial language is a language made by people.

Benozzo Gozzoli
Benozzo Gozzoli  was ance painter.

I Am...a Fierce
"I Am...

Gary Shearston
Gary Reht Shearston  is an singer songwriter.

The Flame in All Us
The Flame in All Us is last album released byd Foot Krutch.

Falls Apart
Falls Apart was a single released byd Foot Krutch in 2007.

Favorite Disease
Favorite Disease is a single released byd Foot Krutch taken fromir album The Flame in All Us it's song on album.

Cowra, New South Wales
Cowra is a city in centralst New South Wales, Australia.

Network computing
Network computing is when computers work together over a network.

Loan
A loan is a type debt.

Mortgage
A mortgage is a way to use's real property, land, a house, a building, as a guarantee for a loan to get money.

Bandwidth (computing)
In computer network computer science, digital bandwidth just bandwidth is capacity for a given system to transfer data over a connection.

Niki Fm
Niki FM is a song recorded released as a Single by Hawthorne heights JTir singer has said it's his favorite to play live personal song on album.

Gears War 2
Gears War 2 is a-person shooter videogame made by Epic Games published by Microsoft.

Epic Games
Epic Games are a videogame company based in North Carolina, USA.

Riemann sum
In mathematics, an sum is a sum that makes an approximation total area underneath a curve on a graph.

Beatitudes
The Beatitudes are a list traits that christians should follow.

Asceticism
Asceticism  is a word that describes a certain life-style.

St. Mark's Church, Florence
St.

Sadhu
In Hinduism, sadhu is a common term for an asceticone who practices yoga .

Digambar
Digambar is two main sects Jainism, other is Svetambar.

Squidward Tentacles
Squidward Tentacles is a character from television show Spongebobts.

Afro
Afro,, means a person mixed race.

Adam Mickiewicz
Adam Bernard Mickiewicz  was a heavily influential nationaltic poet, generally regarded as greatest figure in literature, especially known for his epic poem "Pan Tadeusz".

RC6
In cryptography, RC6 is a symmetric-key block cipher derived from RC5.

RC5
In cryptography, RC5 is a simple symmetric-key block cipher.

Altaic languages
Altaic is suggested as a language family.

Mongolian language
The language  is-known member Mongolic language family language residents Mongolia, where it isficially written with Cyrillic alphabet around three million speakers in "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region" China, where it isficially written with traditional script.

RC2
In cryptography, RC2 is a symmetric-key block cipher.

1999 East crisis
The 1999 East crisis was a conflict.

This Is Who We Are
This Is Who We Are is a single released by Hawthorne Heights fromir album If Only You Were Lonely in 2006.

Ohio Is for Lovers
Ohio Is for Lovers is a single released by Hawthorne Heights it came fromir album The Silence in Black White The lyrics are main reasons why band are Emo.

Lady Godiva
Godiva  was an Anglo-Saxon noblewoman.

Scandal
A scandal is a very public incident which involves a claim wrong-doing, shame, moralfence.

Countdown to Extinction
Countdown to Extinction is studio album by thrash metal band Megadeth.

Manchester
Manchester is a city metropolitan borough Greater Manchester,d.

List goaltenders who have scored a goal in an NHL game
There have been nine goaltenders who have scored a goal in a National Hockey League  game.

51 Pegasi b
51 Pegasi b, also called Bellerephon 51 Peg b, is extrasolar planet that was discoveredbiting a main-sequence star.

Sirrakoninon
Sirrakoninon is a mountainous Greek village.

Cryptographic protocol
A cryptographic protocol  is an abstract an existing protocol that performs a security-related function applies cryptographic methods.

List Greek islands
This is a list islands that are Greece.

Religious persecution
At present India are two countries where incidents religious persecution are periodically reported.

Persecutions
Persecutions is religious persecutions.

Religious violence
Religious violence means violence against a group people religion by a group people another region.

Tollywood
Telugu Cinema , refers to cinema in Telugu language,times referred as Tollywood, a portmanteau "Telugu" "Hollywood".

Sandalwood
Sandalwood is a nice-smelling wood also oil made from it.

Kollywood
The Tamil film industry is filmmaking industry state Tamil Nadu.

Oriya film industry
Oriya Film Industry Ollywood refers toeswar Cuttack based Oriya film industry in Republic Of India.

Mollywood
Malayalam cinema refers to films made in state Kerala in Malayalam language.

Teri Yaad (movie)
Teri Yaad is-ever feature film released in afterition India on 7 August 1948, on Eid day.

The Bird Bee Sides
The bird bee sides is a 2008 album released by Relient K on July.

Mukh O
Mukh O    was Bengali language feature film to be made in .

Livadeia
Livadeia is a Greek town.

1840-1849tic hurricane seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1820s 1830s 1840s 1850s 1860s The decade 1840s featured 1840–1849tic hurricane seasons.

Jiban Thekey Neya
Jibon Theke Neya  is a Bengali film by easterni filmmaker Zahir.

Pheray (1949 movie)
"Pheray" was ai Punjabi film released on August 3, 1949.

Live! Live! Live!
"Live! Live! Live!" is a live album released by Adams in 1988.

MTV Unplugged (Bryan Adams album)
"MTV Unplugged" is an acoustic live album by musician Adams.

So Far So Good (album)
"So Far So Good" is a compilation album by Adams, released by A&M Records in November 1993.

The Best Me
"The Best Me" is a greatest hits album by singer Adams.

Anthology (Bryan Adams album)
"Anthology" is a compilation album by singer-songwriter Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005.

Universal Music
Universal Music Group  is business group family record labels in recording industry.

List awards nominations received by Adams
Bryan Adams is a singer-songwriter guitarist.

List Adams backing band members
Bryan Adams is an rock musician, who started his solo carrier in 1979 in Kingston, Ontario.

Rush discography
Rush is a rock bandiginallyed in August 1968, in Willowdale neighbourhood Toronto, Ontario, currently comprised bassist, keyboardist, lead vocalist Geddy Lee, guitarist Alex Lifeson, drummer songwriter Neil Peart.

Witch hunt
In a witch hunt people evidence that witchcraft was done.

Kaneez (1965 movie)
Kaneez is ai Urdu black white film directed by renown director Tariq produced by Tariq Ali Afaqi.

Armaan (1966 movie)
Armaan ,i Urdu melodramatic black white film, produced by Waheed Murad directed by Pervaiz Malik.

Badnaam (1966 movie)
Badnaam, is ai Urdu language film, film was released on September 2, 1966.

Chakori (1967 movie)
Chakori is ai Urdu feature film.

Insaniyat (1967 movie)
Insaniyat   is ai Urdu black white film produced by A.

Doraha (1967 movie)
"Doraha" is a 1967i Urdu movie.

Ehsaan (1967 movie)
Ehsaan, ai Urdu black & white film, was another melodious presentation by Waheed & Malik combination.

Zinda
Zinda is a 1967i Urdu feature film, directed by Khwaja Sarfraz.

Anjuman (movie)
Anjuman, ai Urdu colour film, was released on 31 July, 1970, starring Waheed Murad, Rani, Deeba, Kumar, Sabihaam Lehri.

Naseeb apna apna (1970 movie)
Naseeb apna apna is ai Urdu black white film directed by Qamar Zaidi produced by Waheed Murad.

Tehzeeb (1971 movie)
Tehzeeb, is ai Urdu film, It was released on November 20, 1971.

Sipah Salar (1972 movie)
Sipah Salar, is ai Urdu feature film it was released in 1972.

Modène
Modène is a commune 275 people .

Baharon Ki Manzil (1973 movie)
Baharon Ki Manzil is a 1973i film directed by S.

Mondragon, Vaucluse
Mondragon is a commune 3,363 people .

Jaal (1973 movie)
Jaal, a 1973i Urdu colour film, is a musical romantic film produced by Waheed Murad directed by Iftikhar.

Aina (movie)
Aina,  also known as The Mirror, is a 1974i film directed by Nazr-ul-Islam.

Beyond Last Mountain
Beyond Last Mountain  is ai language film directed written by Javed Jabbar.

Maula Jatt
Maula Jatt  is popular films in historyi cinema.

The Blood Hussain
The Blood Hussain is ai film directed by Jamil Dehlavi released in 1980 .

Shaani
"Shanee" is a 1989i film starring Babra Sharif, Sheri Malik Ghulam Mohiuddin directed by Saeed Rizvi.

Argun River (Caucasus)
The Argun River  runs through northern Caucasus, Georgia, Chechen Republic Russia.

Capitán Sarmiento, Buenos Aires
Capitán Sarmiento is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.

Please Forgive Me
"Please Forgive Me" is a single by rock singer Adams from 1993.

Children in Need
BBC Children in Need is a charity appeal.

Have You Ever Really Loved a?
"Have You Ever Really Loved a?" is a 1995 song written by Adams, Michael Kamen Robert John "Mutt" Lange for film "Don DeMarco".

Pink Floyd discography
Pink Floyd are an progressive rock band.

Port Saidorate
Port Saidorate  is governorates Egypt.

Indus Valley Bullfrog
The Indus Valley Bullfrog  is ae species frog found in Republic India.

Pahari-Potwari
The Potwari Pahari-Potwari language  is an Indo language spoken from Potwar district around Rawalpindi, to Cease-fire Line  administeredmir de-facto border in Mirpur Kotli district-administeredmir, asll as in Sui  It is closely.

Chris Melling
Chris Melling (b.

Oriya
Oriya  is an language, mainly spoken in state Orissa.

Aulaad (1962 movie)
Aulaad ai Urdu movie.

Sangam (Urdu movie)
Sangam is ai Urdu movie released in 1964.

Diya Aur
Diya Aur " is ai Urdu romantic comedy film starring a crazy doctor man who falls in love with his daughter.

Hero (1985 movie)
"Hero" is 1985 ai Urdu movie.

Bulandi (1990 movie)
"Bulandi"  is a 1990i Urdu movie.

Haseena Atom Bomb
"Haseena Atom Bomb" is a 1990 culti movie.

Jeeva (movie)
"Jeeva"  is a 1995 Urdu movie.

Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya
Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya  is ai Urdu film which starred Neeli, Javed Sheikh, Atiqa Odho, Reema Nadeem.

Mushkil
Mushkil (Urdu: مشکل, lit.

Sargam (1995 movie)
Sargam is ai Urdu movie.

Chor Machaye Shor (1996 movie)
Chor Machaye Shor  is ai Urdu movie.

Ghunghat (movie)
Ghoongat   is an Urdu film released in summer 1996.

Deewane Tere Pyar Ke
Deewane Tere Pyaar Key  is an Urdu film which was released in March 1997.

Sangam (1997 movie)
Sangam is ai Urdu released in 1997, directed by Syed Noor staringam,, Salim Sheikh Sana.

Jinnah (movie)
Jinnah is a film about life founder, Muhammad Ali Jinnah.

1870tic hurricane season
A description storms this season is "short lived."e One.

Sandalwood (cinema)
Sandalwood encompasses movies made in state Karnataka.

Monrovia, California
Monrovia is a city in California, United States.

Responsible government
Responsible government is a principle democratic governments.

Vistlip
vistlip is a rock band.

Trang
History.

Josephiel French
Josephiel French, Sr.

The Piper at Gates Dawn
"The Piper at Gates Dawn" is Pink Floyd's debut album only made under Syd Barrett's leadership, although he made contributions to follow-up, "A Secrets".

It's Only Love (Bryan Adams song)
"It's Only Love" is a hit rock duet recorded by Grammy Award winning singers Adams Tina Turner.

Tina Turner
Anna Mae Bullock, better known by her stage Tina Turner  is an singer, dancer entertainer.

Here I Am (Bryan Adams song)
"Here I Am" is a song by singer Adams.

Open Road (Bryan Adams song)
"Open Road" is single from Adams' 2004 album "Room Service".

Ithaca, New York
Ithaca is a city in US State New York, America.

Ithaca
Ithaca  isds onst coast Greece.

Clitoral glans
The clitoral glans  is a clitoris found onside vagina.

Israeli conflict
The Israeli conflict is an ongoing dispute between State Israels.

RPM (magazine)
"RPM" was a music magazine that had song album charts for Canada.

UK Singles chart
The UK Singles Chart is compiled by The Official UK Chartsy  on behalf record industry.

Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television Other Visual Media
The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television Other Visual Media has been awarded since 1988.

Bonnie Raitt
Bonnie Lynn Raitt  is an blues singer-songwriter who was born ink, California.

Melanieolm
Melanieolm is an singer-songwriter television personality known as five members girl group Spice Girls, who was nicknamed "Sporty Spice".

Chicane
Chicane is an electronic music act, project musician record producer Nick Bracegirdle.

LP album
Long play  record albums are 33⅓ rpm vinyl Gramophone records , generally either 10- 12-inches in diameter.

Wish You Were Here (album)
"Wish You Were Here" is a concept album by Pink Floyd.

Animals (album)
"Animals" is a concept album by progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on 23 January 1977 in United Kingdom on 2 February 1977 in United States.

The Wall
"The Wall" is a rock opera presented as a double album by progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in late 1979.

Space rock
Space rock is a subgenre rock music; termiginally group earlyly 1970s progressive rock psychedelic bands such as Hawkwind Pink Floyd, characterised by slow, lengthy instrumental passages dominated by synthesisers, experimental guitar work science fiction lyricalmes, though it was later to a series late 1980s alternative rock bands that drew from earlier influences to create a more melodic but still ambient pop music.

The Final Cut (album)
"The Final Cut" is a rock album by Pink Floyd recorded at various studios in UK from July to December 1982.

A Momentary Lapse Reason
"A Momentary Lapse Reason" is Pink Floyd's 1987 album, band's release after departure Roger Waters from band in 1985.

Mmhmm
Mmhmm is Fourth album released by Relient k it has other spellings because it's a strange word it's different to bands previous albums, because it's heavier but also softer at times with music.

I So Hate Consequences
I So Hate Consequences is a single released by Relient K fromir album Mmhmm it was only played on radio it appeared onirficialbsite for a long time.

High 75
High 75 is a single released by Relient k fromir album, mmhmm it was played much on christian radio, chartedwhere around #30 The singer this song bandd Matt thiessen said himself that song was inspired byather in Ohioy couldn't depend on changing it.

Aboriginal art
Aboriginal Art is a type art native to Aboriginals.

Now Never
Now Never is songf soundtrack from.

What Time Is It? (song)
What Time Is It? is a songf soundtrack for High School Musical 2.

Last Judgment
In eschatology, Last Judgment, Final Judgment, Judgment Day, Day Lord is judgment by God all nations.

List presidents
List Presidentsd  other heads state since 1918 ment in exile .

Nepal relations
The bilateral relations between Federal Democratic Republic Nepal Islamic Republicre fully established between 1962 1963.

North Korea relations
Pakistan is several countries to have diplomatic trade relations with North Korea.

AEK Athens F.C.
AEK (Greek: "A.E.K.

Progesterone
Progesterone is a steroid hormone.

Spontaneous generation
Theory known as spontaneous generation held that complex, livingganisms are generated by decayingganic substances.Mice might spontaneously appear in stored grain maggots could spontaneously appear in meat.

Black-neckede
The Black-neckede, "Grus nigricollis" also known ase is ae bird medium-sized crane, at 139 cm  long, 235 cm  wingspan 5.5 kg .

Ratatouille
"This article is about French dish, for 2007 movie, see Ratatouille ." Ratatouille  is a traditional French Provençal stewed vegetable dish,iginating in Nice.

Die Welt
Die Welt is a newspaper.

Die tageszeitung
die tageszeitung, taz is a newspaper.

Benrath
Benrath is a Düsseldorf.

Wallaby
Wallabies are marsupials from islands Australia,ia, Newd New Guinea.

Suphanburi
History.

Sukhothai
is located in lower portion northernd.

Thailand attraction
There are many attractive places ind that I want to recommend you.

Thai fashion
According tose five musician statues, women in Tarawadee period always have long hair put upir hair in a bun coil,ar decorations,ar only cloth breast cloth.

Beat Crusaders
Beat Crusaders are a rock band.

Sound Horizon
Sound Horizon is a musical group.

Nishi-Hachioji
Nishi-Hachioji is a city in Tokyo,.

John Vane
John Vane was an bushranger who became a member Ben Hall's gang.

Aik Aur love story
Aik Aur Love Story  is ai Urdu film directed byi pop singer Sajjad Ali.

Guns Roses -- Ik Junoon
Guns Roses - Ik Junoon  is ai film which was released in 1999, it starred,am, Meera Faisal.

Inteha (1999 film)
Inteha  is ai Urdu film which was released in 1999 acrossaters in.

Kursi Aur Qanoon
Kursi Aur Qanoon is ai Punjabi film directed by Syed Noor.

Mujhe Jeene Do (1999 movie)
Mujhe Jeene Do is a 1999 Urdu film directed by Javed Sheikh.

Cloud computing
In Computer science Cloud computing is a systems architecture model foret-based computing, it is development use computer technology onet.

Avant-garde music
Avant-garde music, experimental music, is a type music that is meant to push boundaries "what music is." It started in 1940s 1950s after World War II.

Red Deer
The Red Deer is deer species.

Almond tree
The Almond ("Prunus dulcis", syn.

Lisa Gerrard
Lisa Gerrard  is an musician, singer composer who rose to fame as group Dead Can Dance with musicner Perry.

Stop sign
The stop sign is a sign which isten met at crossroads, when a road hasn't traffic lights.

Salwar kameez
Salwar kameez  is a traditional dress worn by both women men in Asia.

Zayin
Zayin is letter Hebrew alphabet.

Resh
Resh is twentieth letter Hebrew alphabet.

Ocimum tenuiflorum
Ocimum tenuiflorum  in Sanskrit Hindi,  in Malayalam,  in Tamil,  in Kannada, Maduruthala in) is an plant in family Lamiaceae.

Allspice
Allspice  is a spice which is dried unripe fruit "Pimenta dioica" plant, a tree native to West Indies, southern Mexico Central America.

Northern Cardinal
The Cardinal "" is a North bird in Cardinal family.

Peony
The peony paeony  is only genus in flowering plant family Paeoniaceae.

American tulip tree
American tulip tree , also called tulip poplar yellow poplar is a type tree.

ActionScript
ActionScript is a scripting language similar to Javascript.

Sean Kingston
Kisean Anderson  better known by his stage Kingston'", is a reggae singer rapper.

Galaga
"Galaga" is a sci-fi arcade game released by Namco in 1981.

Funker Vogt
Funker Vogt is a aggrotech band,ed by Gerrit Thomas Jens Kästel in 1995.

Metropolis Records
Metropolis Records is a Philadelphia,ia based record label, distributor, mail-order store specializing in electro-industrial, synthpop, futurepop, darkwave, gothic musical genres.

Apoptygma Berzerk
Apoptygma Berzerk is a musical group.

VNV Nation
VNV Nation are an electronic music bandiginally from Wexford London, now based in Hamburg, that combines elements trance, synthpop electronic body music , intoy call futurepop.

Synthpop
Synthpop is a subgenre New Wave pop music in which synthesizer is main musical instrument.

Futurepop
Futurepop is an electronic dance music genre, incorporating influences from synthpop , uplifting trance , EBM.

Blutengel
Blutengel  is a futurepop musical group with a gothic appearance.

The Host (novel)
"The Host" is a 2008 science-fiction/romance book by Stephenie Meyer.

Polly Adler
Pearl "Polly" Adler  was a-born madam author.

Morse code
Morse code is a type character encoding that transmits telegraphic information using rhythm.

Chives
Chives are herbs which are.

Premier New South Wales
The Premier New South Wales is leader New South Wales government.

Excitebike
Excitebike  is a motocross racing video game series made by Nintendo.

Morris Iemma
Morris Iemma  was Premier New South Wales from 3 August 2005 to 5 September 2008.

Lukáčovce
Lukáčovce is a village in Nitra District instern central Slovakia.

Houbara bustard
The Houbara Bustard, Chlamydotis undulata, is ae bird in bustard family.

Sindh Ibex
The Sindh Ibex Wild Goat  is a vulnerable wild goat native to, Iraq, within it is Provincial animal Sindh.

White-crested Kalij pheasant
The White-crested Kalijt "" is sub-species Kalijt ,stern subspecies Lophura leucomelanos;stern Himalayas ins northern India, asll areasstern Nepal northern-western.

Juniperus squamata
Juniperus squamata  is a species juniper native to Himalaya China, from northeastern within it is Provincial treeia east tostern in southwestern China, with disjunct populations north tostern Gansu east to.

Rose-ringed Parakeet
The Rose-ringed Parakeet , also known as Ringnecked Parakeet, is a tropical parakeet species.

Saludos Amigos
Saludos Amigos is a 1942 movie made by Walt Disney Pictures that takes place in Latin America.

Pakistani relations
Pakistani relations are transatlantic relations between United States America.

Ghar Kab Aao Gay
Ghar Kab Ao Gey isi Urdu language film directed by Iqbalmiri which was released acrossaters in in Eid-ul-Fittar January 9 2000.

Tere Pyar Mein
Tere Pyar Mein   is ai film which was released in December 2000.

Electronic body music
Electronic body music  is a music genre that mixes togethers industrial music electronic dance music.

The Birthday Massacre
The Birthday Massacre is a synthpop band, based in Toronto, Canada.

Clive Barker
Clive Barker  is an author, movie director visual artist.

Hellraiser
"Hellraiser" is a 1987 horror film exploringmes sadomasochism, pain as a source pleasure, morality under duress fear.

Sesame
Sesame  is a flowering plant in genus "Sesamum".

Pedaliaceae
Pedaliaceae  is a flowering plant in Scrophulariales family.

Komodo dragon
The Komodo dragon  is a species lizard that lives in islands Komodo, Rinca, Flores, Gilig, Gili Dasami, in central Indonesia.

Organized crime
Organized crime is a group groups people, usually mobsters other criminals, who work to make money in an illegal way.

Pens Needles
Pens Needles is a song by Emo band Hawthorne Heights.

The Singles 1992-2003
"The Singles 1992-2003" is a greatest hits album by alternative rock band No Doubt.

Sugar in Engine
Sugar in Engine is a song by Hawthorne Heights.

Nathan Kress
Nathan Karl Kress  is an teen actor voice actor.

Monster truck
A monster truck is a vehicle usually styled after a pickup truck.

Harlem Globetrotters
The Harlem Globetrotters are an exhibition basketball team that combines athleticism comedy.

Burt Ward
Burt Ward  is an television actor activist.

Batman (TV series)
"Batman" is a 1960s television series, based on DC comic book character.

Graduate school
A graduate school  is a school that gives advanced academic degrees, such as doctoral degrees with usual requirement that students must have an undergraduate  degree.

SAT
The SAT Reasoning Test  is a test for college admissions in United States.

Luckyo
Charles "Lucky"o  was a mobster.

Genovese crime family
The crime family is "Five Families" that controlsganized crime activities in New York City, within nationwide criminal phenomenon known as Mafia .

ACT (test)
The ACT is an achievement test for college admissions in United States made by ACT, Inc.

Pakistan Declaration
The Declaration  was a pamphlet published in January 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in which word was.

Pamphlet
A pamphlet is a book without a hard cover binding).

Pattaya
Pattaya has been a popular place ind for many years, because Pattaya is not far from Bangkok so it’s suitable to take a rest on vacation.

Vernon
Vernon  is an Emmy Award winning television producer, writer, voice actor, comedian musician.

Thai temple
Wat Phrasria Sasadaram Wat Phrakaew is only temple in Bangkok that does not have monks.

Phuket
Phuket is island ind, same size Singapore.

Yasothon
Yasothon is a town in regiond.

Thai food
Thai Food.

Lopburi
Lopburi is in centerd it's suitable for cultivating.

Volkswagen Golf
Volkswagen Golf is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1974.

Rajputstan (India)
Rajasthan is a state in northwestern India.

Awadh (Uttar)
Uttar is a state in northern India.

Karnataka (Mysore)
Karnataka is a state within Republic India.

Assam (Asom)
Assam is a state in north eastern region has an area 30,285 sq mi , it is than Panama but than Czech Republic.

Bengal (India)
West Bengal is a state in eastern Republic India, its capital is Kolkata.

Capparis decidua
Capparis decidua is commonly known as karir, kair, kirir, karril, etc.

Pilgrims
The Pilgrims is for early settlers Plymouth Colony in present-day Plymouth, Massachusetts.

G major
G major  is a major scale based on G, with pitches G, A, B, C, D, E, F.

Classic female blues
Classic female blues music was played from 1920 to 1929.

Delta blues
The Delta blues is earliest types blues music.

Chuck (album)
"Chuck" is album by Sum 41.

Sexual dimorphism
Sexual dimorphism is a concept from biology.

Jonathan Swift
Jonathan Swift  was an Anglo satirist, essayist, political pamphleteer , poet cleric.

Cato Elder
Marcus Porcius Cato   was a statesman, surnamed Censor , "Sapiens, Priscus", Elder , to distinguish him from Cato Younger .

Kavirondo
Kavirondo is old region around Kavirondo Gulf  asll as two native peoples livingre under regime East Africa .

Magellan Goose
Magellan goose  is a bird "Anatidae" family.

The Rocker (movie)
"The Rocker" is a comedy movie.

Fierce Creatures
"Fierce Creatures" is a 1997 comedy movie.

The Bucket List
"The Bucket List" is a 2007 comedy-drama movie.

Shôjo
Shôjo is a type manga.

Five Families
The Five Families are five major Mafia crime families which have controlledganized crime in New York City since 1930s.

Gambino crime family
The Gambino crime family is "Five Families" that controlsganized crime activities based in New York City, United States, within Mafia .

Carlo Gambino
Carlo "Don Carlo" Gambino,  was a Mafioso who became Boss Gambino crime family, that is still takes today.

John Gotti
John Joseph Gotti, Jr.

Energy transfer
In physics, energy transfer is when energy is moved from place to another.

Galago
Galago, also known as bushbabies, bush babies nagapies , are, nocturnal primates native to continental Africa, from family Galagidae.

Mongolic languages
The Mongolic languages are a group languages that are spoken in Central Asia.

Tungusic languages
The Tungusic languages  are spoken in Siberia Manchuria.

Pioneer program
The Pioneer program is a few unmanned space missions done by NASA between 1958 1978.

Musée d'Orsay
The Musée d'Orsay is an art museum in Paris.

Cystitis
Cystitis is infection urinary bladder.

Royal Academy Arts
The Royal Academy Arts is an art institution based in London.

The Last Judgement
The "Last Judgment" is a mural bygelo on altar wall Sistine Chapel in City.

Fancy rat
The fancy rat pet rat is a type brown rat  that is a pet.

Gymnasium (ancient Greece)
In Ancient Greece Gymnasion  was a placere athletes could train for competitions in public games, such as Olympic Games.

Arnold Rikli
Arnold Rikli  was a healer.

Eastern White Pine
Eastern White Pine  is ae pine native to eastern North America, occurring fromdst to Minnesota southeastern Manitoba, south along Mountains to extreme south Georgia.

Provincial tree Of Ontario
Eastern White Pine  is ae pine native to eastern North America, occurring fromdst to Minnesota southeastern Manitoba, south along Mountains to extreme south Georgia.

White trillium
Trillium grandiflorum, commonly known as white trillium, great white trillium, white wake-robin, in French as trille blanc, is a perennial monocotyledonous plant in lily family.

Forget-me-not
Myosotis is a genus flowering plants in family Boraginaceae that are commonly called Forget-me-nots.

State flower Of Alaska
Myosotis is a genus flowering plants in family Boraginaceae that are commonly called Forget-me-nots.

Willow Grouse
The willow grouse  willow ptarmigan , Lagopus lagopus, is a medium-sized gamebird in grouse family.

State bird Of Alaska
The willow grouse  willow ptarmigan , Lagopus lagopus, is a medium-sized gamebird in grouse family.

Picea sitchensis
The Sitka Spruce  is ae coniferous evergreen tree growing to 50-70 m tall, exceptionally to 100 m tall, with a trunk diameter up to 5 m, exceptionally to 6-7 m diameter.

State tree Of Alaska
The Sitka Spruce  is ae coniferous evergreen tree growing to 50-70 m tall, exceptionally to 100 m tall, with a trunk diameter up to 5 m, exceptionally to 6-7 m diameter.

Watershed (television)
Today, television can show a number programmes.

Spot-billed
The Spot-billed  is a member pelican family.

Sakastan
Rajasthan is a state in northwestern India.

Lake Manasarovar
Lake Manasarovar Lake Manasa Sarovar  is a fresh-water lake in Tibet Autonomous Region China from Lhasa.

Bathing
Bathing is putting body into a fluid,ten water, a solution with water.

Silver Bullet
Silver Bullet is a song by Hawthorne Heights released as a single in 2004.

1857 War Independence in Murree
The 1857 War Independence in Murree, Rebellion 1857, was a conflict between tribes surrounding hill station Murree  colonial government India.

Pygmy Marmoset
Pygmy marmosets are marmosets all primates.

Patras
Patras  is Greek town.

Santiago de Compostela
Santiago de Compostela  is capital autonomous community Galicia a United Nations Educational, Scientific Culturalization  World Heritage Site.

Christopher
Christopher James  is a film director, writer producer.

Foucault pendulum
The Foucault pendulum, Foucault's pendulum, isd after French physicist Léon Foucault, was created as an experiment to show rotation Earth.

Mickie James
Mickie Laree James  is an professional wrestler.

Guineafowl
The Guineafowl are a family birds.

Jaguar S-Type
Jaguar S-Type was a car produced by Jaguar from 1998 till 2008.

Muskrat
Muskrats are rodents that live in freshwater saltwater marshes, lakes, ponds, streams.

Griffith's experiment
Griffith's experiment, was an experiment done in 1928 by Frederick Griffith.

Frederick Griffith
Frederick Griffith  was a medicalficer geneticist.

Streptococcus pneumoniae
"Streptococcus pneumoniae", pneumococcus, is a Gram-positive, alpha-hemolytic diplococcus aerotolerant anaerobe a member genus "Streptococcus".

Strain (biology)
In biology, strain is a low-level taxonomic rank used in three related ways.

Hannes Schäfer
Dr.

The Prestige (film)
"The Prestige" is a 2006 period film directed by Christopher.

Javon Ringer
Javon Ringer  is an football running back for State University.

Running back
A running back  is position a player on a Football team.

Heisman Trophy
The Memorial Trophy Award ,d after college football coach John, is awarded annually by Downtown Athletic Club New York City tostanding player in collegiate football.

Place birth
The place birth is place where a person was born.

Run, Fat Boy, Run
"Run Fat Boy Run" is a 2007 romantic comedy directed by David Schwimmer, written by Michael Ian Black Simon Pegg, starring Pegg,,die Newton, Patel, India de Beaufort Hank Azaria.

And Now for Something Completely Different
"And Now for Something Completely Different" is a movie spin-off from comedy television series "Monty Python's Flying Circus".

Abu Ghraib prison
The Abu Ghraib prison is a prison located in Abu Ghraib, a city located 32 kmst Baghdad, Iraq.

Trade (sports)
In professional sports, a trade is when  player's contract/or draft picks is traded between sports teams.

Jet (band)
Jet is a hard rock band from Melbourne, Australia.

Get Born
Get Born is debut album by band Jet.

Tom Wills
Thomas Wentworth "Tom" Wills  was an all-round sportsman who helped invent Football, umpired ever game Football, helped write Laws Football.

Simple (album)
"Simple" is, self-titled studio album by pop punk band Simple.

N-type Semiconductor
N-Type Semiconductor is created by adding pentavalent impurities Phosphorus , Arsenic , Antimony .

Pay television
Pay television premium television are subscription-based television services.

Plug-in hybrid
A plug-in hybrid car is similar to a conventional hybrid vehicle—both use a gasoline engine asll as an electric motor.

Institute Electrical Electronics Engineers
The Institute Electrical Electronics Engineers  an international non-profit, professionalganization for advancement technology.

Galvanometer
A galvanometer is a type ammeter.

Magnetic tape
Magnetic tape a long narrow strip plastic that thin magnetic material is coated on.

Cathode
A cathode is an electrode through which positive electric current flows a polarized electrical device.

United States Army Reserve
The United States Army Reserve is reserve force United States Army.

Electrical telegraph
The electrical telegraph is a telegraph that uses electric signals.

Calvados (department)
Calvados is a French department indy.

Knol
Knol is a Google project which aims to include user-written articles on a range topics.

Problems Wikipedia
Only a certain group people edit Wikipedia.

Smile, It's End World
Smile, it's End World is album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson.

Pessimist
A pessimist isone who follows pessimism.

Optimist
An optimist isone who always tries to look at positive side life.

Letters to President
Letters to President is debut album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson.

Tonbridge Grammar School
Tonbridge Grammar School  is all known grammar school in Tonbridge, Kent.

Rechargeable battery
A rechargeable battery, a storage battery, is a battery that can be charge by application electrical energy.

2005 Pacific hurricane season
The 2005 Pacific hurricane season was a slightly inactive season that produced 17 tropical cyclones.

2007 Pacific hurricane season
The 2007 Pacific hurricane season was an event in annual cycle tropical cycloneation.

Provincialment
Government is based in province in Quetta.

Klingon language
The Klingon language  is a language that was made for Klingons in "Star Trek" universe.

Chief Minister
A Chief Minister is elected head government a sub-national (e.g.

Provincialment Punjab (Pakistan)
Thement Punjab is a provincial government in.

Government North-West Frontier Province
Thement North West Frontier Province  is based in cityawar, provincial capital North-West Frontier Province,.

Government Sindh
Thement Sindh is based in Karachi, Sindh,.

Lentil soup
Lentil soup  is a soup.

Lebanon relations
Lebanon–Pakistan relations are relations betweenon.

Blizzard Ozz
Blizzard Ozz is a heavy metal album by Ozzy Osbourne, recorded in Surrey, UK released on September 20, 1980 in UK on January 15, 1981 in U.S..

Nightgown
A Nightgown Nightdress is a garment worn for sleeping.

Bolted joint
Bolted joints are very common in construction machine design.

Lyman Hall
Lyman Hall  was a signer United States Declaration Independence as a representative Georgia.

Button Gwinnett
Button Gwinnett , was signatories  on United States Declaration Independence as a representative Georgia.

William Ellery
William Ellery , was a signer United States Declaration Independence as a representative Rhoded.

William Floyd
William Floyd , was a signer United States Declaration Independence as a representative New York.

George Clymer
George Clymer  was an politician Founding Father.

Abraham Clark
Abraham Clark  was an politician Revolutionary War figure.

Charles Carroll Carrollton
Charles Carroll Carrollton  was a delegate to Continental Congress later United States Senator ford.

Cotidianul
"Cotidianul" is a newspaper.

Samuel Huntington (statesman)
Samuel Huntington  was an jurist, statesman, revolutionary leader from Connecticut.

Francis Hopkinson
Francis Hopkinson , an author, was signers Declaration Independence as a delegate from New Jersey.

Stephen Hopkins (politician)
Stephen Hopkins  was an political leader from Rhoded who signed Declaration Independence.

William Hooper
William Hooper , was an lawyer, politician, a member Continental Congress representing North Carolina from 1774 through 1777.

Thomas Heyward, Jr.
Thomas Heyward, Jr.

John Hart
John Hart (c.

Benjamin Harrison V
Benjamin Harrison V  was an revolutionary leader from Charles City County, Virginia.

Governmentce
The governmentce is a semi-presidential system determined by French Constitution French Republic.

Advanced Placement Program
Theced Placement Program is a program thatfers college level school classes for students in high school in United States Canada.

Paramilitary forces
The paramilitary forces consist variousganizations constitutionally's national interests.

Pakistan Coast Guard
Pakistan Coast Guard  , is responsible for law at sea, maintenance seamarks, border control, other services.

Minority group
A minority subordinate group is a group that does not make up population a society.

Aberfoyle, Stirling
Aberfoyle is a village ind.

Altskeith
Altskeith is a village ind.

Puslinch, Ontario
Puslinch is a township in south-central Ontario, Canada, in County Wellington south Guelph.

Ardchyle
Ardchyle is a village ind.

Ardeonaig
Ardeonaig is a village ind.

Stirling (council area)
Stirling  is 32 unitary local government council areasd, has a population about 85,000.

Arnprior, Stirling
Arnprior is a village ind.

Fintry
Fintry is a village in centrald, nestled in strath Endrick Water in Campsie Fells 35km north Glasgow.

Rowardennan
Rowardennan  is a hamlet on eastern shore Loch Lomond ind.

Strathblane
Strathblane  is a village parish at extreme south Stirling council area, in centrald.

Thornhill, Stirling
Thornhill is a village in council area Stirling.

Tyndrum
Tyndrum  is a village ind.

Blantyre, Southire
Blantyre  is a burgh in Southire,d with a population about 17,000.

Bothwell
Bothwell is a town in Southire,d, that lies on right bank River Clyde, adjacent to Hamilton nine miles east-south-east Glasgow.

Burnside, Southire
Burnside is a an area Southire.

Uddingston
Uddingston is a village in Southire,d, on north side River Clyde, approximately seven miles to south-east Glasgow.

East Kilbride
East Kilbride is ae suburban town in Southire council aread.

Fairhill (Hamilton, Southire)
Fairhill is an area in town Hamilton, Southire.

TNA X Divisionip
The X Divisionip is highest ranked championshiptitle TNA professional wrestling company.

WWE Hardcoreip
The WWE Hardcoreip is a championship for World Wrestling Entertainment.

Spoonman
"Spoonman" is a song by grunge band Soundgarden, fromir studio album "Superunknown", which was released in 1994.

808s & Heartbreak
808s Heartbreak is an 2008 album by Kanye West.

Watchmen
"Watchmen" is a Hugo Award winning graphic novel.

Vocalion Records
Vocalion Records was a record label which made records in United States in United Kingdom.

Municipalities in Belgium
Belgium is made 589 municipalities .

Provinces Belgium
Belgium is regions , twom are provinces each.

Mikhail Nesterov
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov   was a painter.

AMC Gremlin
AMC Gremlin was a car produced by Motors from 1970 through 1978.

Manichaeism
Manichaeism  was major Gnostic religions.

Ford Windstar
Ford Windstar was a car produced by Ford Motory from 1995 through 2003.

LDV Convoy
LDV Convoy was a van made by LDV Limited from 1997 through 2006.

Ford Freestar
Ford Freestar was a car produced by Ford Motory from 2004 through 2007.

Cambuslang
Cambuslang  is a town on south-easternskirts Glasgow,d located within local authority area Southire.

Rigside
Rigside is a village in Southire,d, about 5 miles from town Lanark, than a mile from Douglas Water.

Lesmahagow
Lesmahagow  is a town on edge moorland, near Lanark in central beltd, is also known as Abbey Green.

Larkhall
Larkhall is a town in Southire,d is around 18 miles southeast Glasgow.

Strathaven
Strathaven   is a town in Southire,d.

Stonehouse, Southire
Stonehouse is a rural village in Southire,d.

Rutherglen
Rutherglen  is a town in Southire,d.

Ford Taurus
Ford Taurus is a car produced by Ford Motory from 1986 through 2007 from 2008 to present day.

Aberdeenshire
Aberdeenshire  is 32 unitary council areas ind.

Alford,ire
Alford  is ae village inire, north-eastd, lying just south River Don.

Ballater
Ballater is a burgh inire,d on River Dee, immediately east Cairngorm Mountains.

Mary Douglas
Mary Douglas'", DBE, FBA  was a anthropologist, known for her writings on human culture symbolism.

Westhill
Westhill is a town inire, in parish Skene, directlyst Aberdeen.

Zora Neale Hurston
Zora Neale Hurston  was an folklorist author during time Harlemce, known for 1937 novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God".

Ruth Landes
Ruth Landes  was an cultural anthropologist known for studies on candomblé cults her published study on topic, "City Women" .

Niobe
Niobe  was daughter semi-legendary ruler Tantalus, called "Phrygian"times even as "King Phrygia" Tantalus ruled in Sipylus, a city located atstern end Anatolia.

Ashfield, Stirling
Ashfield is a village in Stirling,d.

Auchtubh
Auchtubh is a village in Stirling,d.

Balfron
Balfron, is a village in Stirling council aread.

Deanston
Deanston is a village in district Stirling,d, on south bank River Teith,ly Westire.

Drymen
Drymen is a village in Stirling district in centrald.

Inversnaid
Inversnaid is a village on east bank Loch Lomond ind, near north end loch.

Hilton, Stirling
Hilton is a village in Stirling,d.

Gartmore
Gartmore is a village in Stirling council area,d.

Gargunnock
Gargunnock is a village in Stirling council area approximately seven milesst Stirling, ind.

Crianlarich
Crianlarich  is a village in Stirling district,d, about six miles north-east head Loch Lomond.

Croftamie
Croftamie is a village near Drymen ind.

Cambuskenneth
Cambuskenneth  is a village in city Stirling, located in centrald.

Volvo S80
Volvo S80 is a car produced by Volvo from 1998 to present day.

Garhi Yasin
Garhi Yasin is a town located in north Sindh province.

Binturong
The binturong  is ae, rare mammal that lives in trees in dense forests southeast Asia.

Kippen
Kippen is a village approximatelyst city Stirling,d .

Kilmahog
Kilmahog (Gaelic: "Cille MoChùig" = Cell St.

Killin
Killin  is a village with about 640 inhabitants situated atstern head Loch Tay in Stirling ,d.

Killearn
Killearn  is a village approximately 1700 people in Stirling council aread.

Balmaha
Balmaha  is a hamlet on eastern shore Loch Lomond in council area Stirling,d.

Balquhidder
Balquhidder  is a village in Stirling council aread.

Bannockburn
Bannockburn is a village immediately south city Stirling ind.

Georg Michaeln
Georg Michaeln  was a composerologian.

Blair Drummond
Blair Drummond  is a rural community near Stirling ind, located along A84 road.

Blairlogie
Blairlogie is located at base great cliff Dumyat between Stirling Menstrie was centrald's earliest Conservation Villages.

Boquhan
Boquhan is a village in Stirling,d.

Alan Keyes
Alan Lee Keyes  is a conservative political activist, author, diplomat, candidate for publicfice.

1996 Pacific hurricane season
The 1996 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cycloneation least active Pacific hurricane season in recorded history, behind only 1977.

2002 Pacific hurricane season
The 2002 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cyclone meteorology.

Hurricane Kenna
Hurricane Kenna was a destructive hurricane 2002 Pacific hurricane season.

1994 Pacific hurricane season
The 1994 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started on May 15, 1994 in eastern Pacific, on June 1, 1994 in central Pacific, lasted until November 30, 1994.

Hurricane John (1994)
Hurricane John was longest-lived tropical cyclone ever observed, tracking from Pacific to Pacific crossing back to Central Pacific for 31 days total.

Hurricane Paka
Hurricane Paka  was last tropical cyclone in 1997 Pacific hurricane typhoon season, was among strongest Pacific typhoons in month December.

Hurricane Pauline
Hurricane Pauline was a destructive hurricane 1997 Pacific hurricane season deadliest.

Hurricane Linda (1997)
Hurricane Linda 1997 was strongest hurricane ever observed in east Pacific, with sustained winds 160 knots gusting to 190 knots, a central pressure 900 mbar.

Hurricane Ioke
Hurricane Ioke  is strongest hurricane ever recorded in Central Pacific.

Post-grunge
Post-grunge is a music genre that is strongly influenced by grunge music, a genre that started in Seattle,ington, United States in mid-1980s.

Ayudhaya
History.

Nakhon Ratchasima Province
Nakhornratchasima Khorat,is province populationd.Nakhornratchasima means ‘big province’.It’s gate to easternd.Far about 260 km.

Garuda
The Garuda  is ae mythical bird bird-like creature that appears in both Hindu Buddhist mythology.

King Scorpion
Scorpion, also King Scorpion Scorpion II refers to two kings so-named Upper Egypt during Protodynastic Period.

Ka (pharaoh)
Ka, also Sekhem Ka, was a predynastic pharaoh Upper Egypt.

Iry-Hor
Iry-Hor Ro  was a Predynastic pharaoh ancient Egypt, although archaeologists are his existence.

Wazner
Wazner, also Wazenez Wadjenedj, was a Predynastic king who ruled in Nile Delta.

Hsekiu
Hsekiu, also Seka, was a Predynastic ancient king who ruled in Nile Delta.

Tiu (pharaoh)
Tiu, also Teyew etc, was a Predynastic ancient king who ruled in Nile Delta.

Scorpion I
Scorpion I was two kings so-named Upper Egypt during Protodynastic Period.

Thesh
Thesh,, etc, was a Predynastic ancient king who ruled in Nile Delta.

Ford Cortina
Ford Cortina was a car produced by Ford Motory from 1962 through 1982.

Kazakhstan relations
Kazakhstan–Pakistan relations are relations between.

Kyrgyzstan relations
Kyrgyzstan–Pakistan relations are relations between.

Closure (computer science)
In Computer science, a closure is a function that has an environment its own.

Customised buses trucks in
Many trucks buses in are highly customised decorated byir owners, to point becoming moving art.

Agriculture in
Pakistan ranks in Muslim world twentieth worldwide in farmput.

Gwadar Bay
Gwadar Bay is located in near maritime border.

Huntly,d
Huntly  is a town inire,d,ly known as Milton Strathbogie.

Clerkhill
Clerkhill is an area town Peterhead in north eastd.

Ellon,ire
Ellon is a town inire,d, approximately 16 miles north Aberdeen, lying on River  which has few undeveloped river estuaries on coastd.

Fraserburgh
Fraserburgh  is a town inire,d with a population recorded in 2001 Census at 12,454.

Rosehearty
Rosehearty , "Rizarty" in local dialect, is located on Moray Firth coast, four milesst town Fraserburgh, in historical countyire ind.

Stonehaven
Stonehaven  "Cala na Creige" in Gaelic is a town with around fourteen thousand inhabitants  on northeast coastd.

Turriff
Turriff is a town parish inire,d.

Danko Jones
Danko Jones is a three-piece hard rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Abercrombie & Fitch
Abercrombie & Fitch   is an clothing retailer sold as a lifestyle brand.

Abercrombie, Fife
Abercrombie  is a village in Fife, situated around 1 mile to north village Sts, 10 miles south town St Andrews.

Jamestown, Fife
Jamestown is a hamlet in Fife,d.

Bargeddie
Bargeddie is a town in Northire,d, located east junction M73 M8 motorways, situated 2 miles st Coatbridge town centre.

Valentinakova
Valentina Vladimirovnakova , is a retired Soviet cosmonaut was woman to fly in space, aboard Vostok 6 on 16 June 1963.

John Dillinger
John Herbert Dillinger  was a notorious bank robber in mid-western America.

SEAT Arosa
SEAT Arosa was a car produced by SEAT from 1997 through 2005.

SEAT Ibiza
SEAT Ibiza is a car produced by SEAT since 1984.

Commedia dell'arte
dell'arte is aatrical characterized stock characters that emerged in northern Italy in fifteenth century rapidly gained popularity throughout Europe.usually charecters play with scripts.

Boddam,ire
Boddam is a coastal village inire,d.

Blackburn,ire
Blackburn is a rapidly growing commuter town just northwest Aberdeen,d, is situated inire.

Banff Macduff
Banff  Macduff  are neighbouring towns situated on Banff Bay, both which are burghs inire,d.

Banchory
Banchory  is a burgh town inire,d, lying approximately 18 milesst Aberdeen, near where Feugh River meets River Dee.

Laurencekirk
Laurencekirk is a town in ancient countyire, modern countyire,d, justf A90 Dundee to Aberdeen main road.

Inverurie
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh inire,d, approximately 16 miles northst Aberdeen on A96 road lies on Express Railway Route from Aberdeen toess.

Inverbervie
Inverbervie  is a town on north-east coastd, south Stonehaven, inire council area.

Insch
Insch is a town in Garioch,ire,d.

Portsoy
Portsoy  is a burgh inire,d,ly in countyire.

Peterhead
Peterhead is a town inire,d.

Maud,ire
the 'New' falling use leading to its current.

Kintore,ire
Kintore  is a town royal burgh near Inverurie inire,d, now bypassed by A96 road between Aberdeeness.

Kemnay
Kemnay  is a village 16 milesst Aberdeen ind.

Portlethen
Portlethen is a town situated seven miles south Aberdeen,d along A90.

Bonzi Buddy
Bonzi Buddy was a freeware program from Bonzi.com.

Kansas Koyotes
The Kansas Koyotes are a professional indoor football team based Topeka, Kansas.

Playing for Pizza
"Playing for Pizza" is a novel by Johnam, released on September 25 2007.

The Grapes Wrath
"The Grapes Wrath" is a novel published in 1939 written by John Steinbeck, who was awarded Pulitzer Prize Nobel Prize for Literature.

Charlie Chocolate Factory
"Charlie Chocolate Factory"  is a children's book by author Roald Dahl.

Be Kind Rewind
"Be Kind Rewind" is a 2008 comedy movie starring Jack Black, Mos Def, Danny Glover Mia Farrow.

University College Literature, Science, Arts
The University College Literature, Science, Arts, also called College LS&A , is liberal arts sciences unit University in Ann Arbor.

Oakley, Fife
Oakley is a village in Fife,d.

Upper Largo
Upper Largo Kirkton Largo is a town in East Neuk Fife,d.

Pat Benatar
Pat Benatar  is a four-time Grammy Award-winning rock singer with seven platinum three gold albums to her credit, asll as 19 Top 40 singles.

Eurythmics
Eurythmics are a musical duo,ed in 1980 by Annie Lennox Dave Stewart.

Abingdon, Virginia
Abingdon is a town inington County, Virginia, 133 miles  southwestoke.

Cyclotron
Cyclotron.

Johanna Spyri
Johanna Spyri  wrote children's stories.

Volvo S60
Volvo S60 is a car produced by Volvo from 2000 to present day.

Volkswagen Lupo
Volkswagen Lupo was a car made by Volkswagen from 1998 through 2005.

Guitar World
"Guitar World" is a music magazine.

Volkswagen Jetta
Volkswagen Jetta is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1979.

June Tabor
June Tabor was born on December 31 1947 in Warwick,d.

Banjo Paterson
Andrew Barton "Banjo" Paterson  was a famous bush poet, journalist author.

Water hyacinth
The seven species Water hyacinth are in genus Eichhornia.

Hindustan relations
The Indiaip since independence have been cold, relations between Republic India have been characterized by rivalry suspicion.

Hyoscyamus niger
Henbane , also known as stinking nightshade, is a plant familyaceae thatiginated in Eurasia, but it now sold everywhere.

Viola odorata
Viola odorata is a species violets .

Whitwell, Isle Wight
Whitwell is a village with a population about 500 on Isle Wight, an islandf south coastd.

Clifton Beach, Karachi
Clifton Beach, on Sea, is a beach in Clifton, Karachi, Sindh,, neighborhoods Saddar Town, Karachi.

Achillea millefolium
"Achillea millefolium" Yarrow is a flowering plant in family Asteraceae, native to Hemisphere.

Cape Monze
Cape Monze  is a beach on Sea located near Hub Riveri Beach in Karachi, Sindh,.

Philip brady
Philip Brady is an media personality.

St Helens, Isle Wight
St.

Hamstead, Isle Wight
Hamstead is a village on Isle Wight.

Inner Mongolia
Inner Mongolia  is Mongol autonomous region People's Republic China lies in north coutry.

Yafford
Yafford is a hamlet on Isle Wight.

Yaverland
Yaverland is a village on Isle Wight, just north Sandown.

Newport, Isle Wight
Newport is county town Isle Wight, an islandf south coastd.

Gatcombe
Gatcombe is a village civil parish on Isle Wight.

Godshill
Godshill is a village civil parish on Isle Wight with a population approximately 2,800 .

Easton, Isle Wight
Easton is a village on Isle Wight.

Arreton
Arreton is a village civil parish in central eastern Isle Wight,d.

Alverstone
Alverstone is a village 3 kilometres from east coast Isle Wight, near Sandown.

Adgestone
Adgestone is a hamlet on Isle Wight.

Brading
The ancient 'Kynges Towne' Brading is main town civil parish same, which about a Isle Wight but now includes town itself Adgestone, Morton, Nunwell otherlying areas between Ryde, St Helen's, Bembridge, Sandown Arreton.

Mr. T
Mr.

Céline Dion
Céline Dion  is a popular French pop singer.

Cowes
Cowes is an seaport town on Isle Wight, an island south Southampton.

Adamsville, Alabama
Adamsville is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Alabaster, Alabama
Alabaster is a city southern suburb Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.

Alexander City, Alabama
Alexander City is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States.

Aliceville, Alabama
Aliceville is a city in Pickens County, Alabama, United States.

Ashville, Alabama
Ashville is a city in St.

Anniston, Alabama
Anniston is a city in Calhoun County in state Alabama, United States.

Andalusia, Alabama
Andalusia is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States.

Digitalis
Digitalis is a genus about 20 species herbaceous perennials shrubs, biennals that are commonly called foxgloves.

Melbourne Central Shopping Center
Melbourne Central Shopping Center is a shopping center  in Melbourne, Australia.

Martin Carthy
Martin Carthy MBE, is an folk singer guitarist.

Atmore, Alabama
Atmore is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.

Attalla, Alabama
Attalla is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States.

York, Alabama
York is a city in Sumter County, Alabama, United States.

New Hope, Alabama
New Hope is a town in Madison County, Alabama, United States, is included in Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.

Uniontown, Alabama
Uniontown is a city in Perry County, Alabama in United States America.

Union Springs, Alabama
Union Springs is a city in county seat Bullock County, Alabama, United States.

Vestavia Hills, Alabama
Vestavia Hills is a city in Jefferson Shelby Counties in U.S.

Vernon, Alabama
Vernon is a city in Lamar County, Alabama, United States.

Valley, Alabama
Valley is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States.

Valleyde, Alabama
Valleyde is a city in Dallas County, Alabama, United States, just north Selma.

Northport, Alabama
Northport is a city in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States.

Meadows Mall
The Meadows Mall is a mall in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.

Jacksonville, Alabama
Jacksonville is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States.

Jackson, Alabama
Jackson is a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.

Irondale, Alabama
Irondale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States a suburb Birmingham.

Winfield, Alabama
Winfield is a city in Fayette Marion counties in U.S.

Wetumpka, Alabama
Wetumpka is a city in Elmore County, Alabama, United States.

Weaver, Alabama
Weaver is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States.

Warrior, Alabama
Warrior is a city in Jefferson Blount County in U.S.

Why I Am Not a
"Why I Am Not a" is an essay by philosopherd Russell.

Moapa Valley
Moapa Valley is a 40-mile valley region in State Nevada.

Passenger Pigeon
The Passenger Pigeon  wild pigeon was a species pigeon that was once common bird in North America.

Sergei Eisenstein
Sergei Mikhailovich Eisenstein  was a revolutionary Soviet film director.

Yass, New South Wales
Yass is a town inds New South Wales, Australia.

Community Christ
The Community Christ is a Mormon movement.

Didelphis
The six species in genus "Didelphis", commonly known ase opossums, are members Didelphimorphiader.

Pakistani
The wordiis means from about country modern Islamic Republic Indus Valley.

Imran
Imran Ahmad Niazi   is a retiredi cricketer who played international cricket for two decades in late century.

Thule
Thule is island which Pytheas,the ancient Greek explorer, discovered in century B.C.

November 2008 Mumbai attacks
The November 2008 Mumbai attacksre twelve attacks terror happening at same time across Mumbai, India, from 26 November 2008.

Deccan Mujahideen
The Mujahiddeen is a terrorist group.

Grammatical case
In grammar, grammatical case talks about role a noun in a sentence.

Axon
The Axon is a cylindrical protrusion from a Neuron's soma that can extend for over a meter.

Haast's Eagle
The Haast's Eagle  was eagle ever to have lived is only eagle in world ever to have been top predator its ecosystem.

Benjamin W. Lee
Benjamin Whiso Lee   Ben Lee, was aoretical physicist.

Alessandro Volta
Countdro Giuseppe Antonio Anastasio Volta  was a Lombard physicist known especially for development electrical cell in 1800.

Friedrich August Kekulé von Stradonitz
Friedrich August Kekule von Stradonitz   was aganic chemist.

Ultra high frequency
Ultra High Frequency  is a electromagnetic radiation.

LC circuit
LC circuit is an electronic circuit made up an inductor a capacitor.

Application-specific integrated circuit
ASIC Application-specific integrated circuit is a intergrated circuit.

Photoelectric effect
The photoelectric effect is a phenomenon in physics.

Image processing
In electrical engineering computer science, Image processing is any processing for which input is an image, such as photographs frames video.

Ogg
Ogg is a free, open standard containerat for multimedia, music video, run by Xiph.Org Foundation.

Georgetown, Kentucky
Georgetown is a city in Scott County, Kentucky, United States.

Encarta
"Encarta" is a digital multimedia encyclopedia by Microsoft.

Peshawer
Peshawar is a city in, it is capitalia.

Pakistan relations
The relations Despite having been through various phases having witnessed changes, relations have kept growing to mutual benefit two countries.

White supremacy
White supremacy is belief that white people are better than other races.

BMW 3 Series
BMW 3 Series is a car produced by BMW since 1975.

Vulcan (hypothetical planet)
Vulcan was aoretical planet.

Flag Greece
The flag Greece is rectangular with nine equal stripes blue  white  from left to right.

Custard cream
A custard cream is a type biscuit popular in United Kingdom.

Bay Minette, Alabama
Bay Minette is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.

Bakerhill, Alabama
Bakerhill Baker Hill is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States, near Eufaula.

Computer model
A computer model is a computer program that is might did happen in a situation.

M postcode area
The M postcode area, also known as Manchester postcode area, is a group lots postal districts in Greater Manchester,d.

River Irwell
The River Irwell is a long river which flows through Irwell Valley in countiesire Greater Manchester in North Westd.

Nicktropolis
"Nicktropolis" is a virtual world made for children aged six to 14.

Bessemer, Alabama
Bessemer is a city in southwestern Jefferson County, Alabama, United States a suburb Birmingham near Hueytown.

Princess Louise, Duchess Argyll
The Princess Louise  was daughter Queen Victoria Prince Albert.

Brent, Alabama
Brent is a city in Bibb County, Alabama, United States.

Boaz, Alabama
Boaz is a city in Etowahall Counties in U.S.

United States presidential election, 1996
The United States presidential election 1996 was a contest between Democratic national ticket President Bill Clintonsas Vice President Al Gore Tennessee national ticket Senator Bob Dole Kansas for President ex-Cabinet Secretary Jack Kemp New York for Vice President.

Bridgeport, Alabama
Bridgeport is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States.

Brewton, Alabama
Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.

Brighton, Alabama
Brighton is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Brighton (disambiguation)
Brighton is a city in East Sussex.

East Brewton, Alabama
East Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.

Brundidge, Alabama
Brundidge is a city in Pike County, Alabama, USA.

Enterprise, Alabama
Enterprise is a city in southeastern Coffee Dale Counties in southeastern Alabama in United States.

Elba, Alabama
Elba is a city in Coffee County, Alabama, United States.

Coffee County, Alabama
Coffee County is a county U.S.

ISLAMABAD
Islamabad  is Federal capital city, is located in Pothohar Plateau in northwest country.

Evergreen, Alabama
Evergreen is a city in Conecuh County, Alabama, United States.

Eutaw, Alabama
Eutaw is a city in Greene County, Alabama, United States.

Eufaula, Alabama
Eufaula is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States.

Princess Helena United Kingdom
The Princess Helena  was daughter Queen Victoria Prince Albert.

Oxford, Alabama
Oxford is a city in Calhoun Talladega counties in U.S.

Opp, Alabama
Opp is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States.

Deccan Plateau
The Plateau is ae plateau in India which covers majority southern country.

Ozark, Alabama
Ozark is a city in county seat Dale County, Alabama, United States.

Oneonta, Alabama
Oneonta is a city in Blount County, Alabama, United States.

Princess Alice United Kingdom
The Princess Alice  was daughter Queen Victoria Prince Albert.

The Illuminatus! Trilogy
"The Illuminatus! Trilogy" is a series three novels written by Robert Shea Robert Anton Wilson between 1969 1971, published in 1975.

Fnord
An Fnord is typographic representation disinformation useless information with intent to misdirect confuse, with implication a conspiracy.

Disinformation
Disinformation is false inaccurate information that is spread on purpose.

Principia Discordia
"Principia Discordia" is a religious text written by Greg Hill  Kerry Thornley .

Discordianism
Discordianism is a modern religion with idea that chaos is as important asder.

List Lord Mayors Manchester
This is a list Mayors Lord Mayors Manchester in North Westd.

Tractor
A tractor is a strong work vehicle construction.

Mantophasmatidae
Mantophasmatodea is a suborder carnivorous insects discovered in 2002,iginally a newder, but since status, comprising single family Mantophasmatidae.

Trafford
The Borough Trafford is a metropolitan borough Greater Manchester,d.

Software company
A software company is a a company that makes sells computer software.

Software developer
A software developer is a company person that creates software - either completely, with other companies people.

Fordada
Fordada was a car produced by Ford Motory from 1972 through 1985 .

Ford Fusion
Ford Fusion is a used on two different models cars from Ford Motory.

Ford Fusion (Americas)
The Ford Fusion is a car produced by Ford Motory since 2006.

Hand grenade
A Hand grenade is an explosive used as aapon.

Complication
In medicine, people talk about complications if a disease condition a patient has gets worse.

Ford Escort (North America)
"For Ford Escort, see Ford Escort .

Exempli gratia
Exempli gratia,ly known in-speaking countries by its abbreviation e.g., is Latin for "for example".

Postal codes ince
The French postal codeat is F-  99999.

Opelika, Alabama
Opelika is a city in county seat Lee County in east central U.S.

Ricky Banderas
Gilbert Cosme  is a Puerto professional wrestler.

Charlotte's Web (2006 movie)
Charlotte's Web is a 2006 movie based on author E.

High Wycombe
High Wycombe is ae town in southire.

Taylor
Taylor is an surname.

Jammu division
Jammu  is three regions comprising's southernmost area Azadmir Occupiedmir.

Ladakh region
Ladakh is a region Jammumir in near border, which is Not Demarcated border regional capital is Leh.

Jock Sturges
Jock Sturges  is an photographer.

Pakistani rupee
The rupee  is currency.

PKR
The rupee  is currency.

Rs.
The Rupee is severals money used in several countries: Republic India,; it was also used in erstwhile East until 1971, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, Seychelles.

Golden Crescent
The Golden Crescent is given to Asia's two principal areas illicit opium production, located at crossroads Central, South, Asia.

French Beach, Karachi
French Beach Karachi is located half way between Hawkes Bay Paradise Point, is a fishing village known to locals as "Haji Abdullah Goth".

Westminster School
The Royal College St.

Depression (mood)
In psychology, depression is a mood where a person is very sad.

Gadani Beach
Gaddani Beach is a beach on Sea located near Hub River Cape Monze ini, Lasbela District,,.

Manora
Manora Manoro  is a island  located just south Port Karachi, Sindh,.

Sandspit Beach
Sandspit Beach is situated southst Karachi, Sindh,.

Hawke's Bay (Karachi)
Hawksbay Town Hawksbay Housing Scheme No.42 is located in Keamari Town in Karachi, Sindh,.

Paradise Point
Paradise Point, on Sea, is a beach in Karachi, Sindh,.

Geography
The geography is a profound mixture landscapes varying from plains to deserts, forests, hills, plateaus ranging from coastal areas Sea in south to mountains Karakoram range in north.

Pothowari
The Potwari Pahari-Potwari language  is an Indo language spoken from Potwar district around Rawalpindi, to Cease-fire Line  administeredmir de-facto border in Mirpur Kotli district-administeredmir, asll as in Sui  It is closely.

Charlotte's Web (disambiguation)
Charlotte's Web is a 1952 children's book writen by E.

Dave
David Nizaam "Brownsound"  is a guitarist, singer producer descent, known as guitarist pop punk band Sum 41, but has since became a singer/guitarist in his own heavy metal/reggae project Brown Brigade.

Half Hour Power
Half Hour Power is Sum 41's debut EP.

William Tecumseh
William Tecumseh  was an soldier, businessman, educator, author.

Mathew Brady
Mathew B.

Kartikeya
Kartikeya is a Hindu god.

Monieux
Monieux is a commune 250 people .

Monteux
Monteux is a commune 9,564 people .

Morières-lès-Avignon
Morières-lès-Avignon is a commune 6,535 people .

Mormoiron
Mormoiron is a commune 1,562 people .

Mornas
Mornas is a commune 2,209 people .

La Motte-d'Aigues
La Motte-d'Aigues is a commune 1,010 people .

Murs, Vaucluse
Murs is a commune 415 people .

Oppède
Oppède is a commune 1,226 people .

Orange, Vaucluse
Orange is a commune 29,000 people .

Pernes-les-Fontaines
Pernes-les-Fontaines is a commune 10,170 people .

Pertuis
Pertuis is a commune 18,600 people .

Peypin-d'Aigues
Peypin-d'Aigues is a commune 586 people .

Piolenc
Piolenc is a commune 4,445 people .

Le Pontet, Vaucluse
Le Pontet is a commune 15,594 people .

Puget
Puget is a commune 589 people .

Puyméras
Puyméras is a commune 610 people .

Puyvert
Puyvert is a commune 541 people .

Rasteau
Rasteau is a commune 674 people .

Richerenches
Richerenches is a commune 616 people .

Roaix
Roaix is a commune 587 people .

Robion
Robion is a commune 3,844 people .

2008 Credit crunch
The 2008 credit crunch was a worldwide event otherwise known as Recession that started in September to October, 2008, in which many people lostir jobs prices thingsnt up.

La Roque-Alric
La Roque-Alric is a commune 54 people .

La Roque-sur-Pernes
La Roque-sur-Pernes is a commune 447 people .

3000 AD
The year 3000 is a year in century.

Roussillon, Vaucluse
Roussillon is a commune 1,161 people .

Rustrel
Rustrel is a commune 614 people .

Hershey-Chase experiment
Theey-Chase experimentsre a series experiments started in 1952 by Alfredey Martha Chase.

Samos City
Samos City is capital Greek island Samos.

Amfissa
Amfissa is a Greek city.

Tann, Hesse
Tann is a town in district Fulda, in Hesse,y.

Antlion
Antlion are a family insects inder Neuroptera with scientific Myrmeleontidae ll-known genus is "Myrmeleo".

Body image
The term Body image refers to perceptions a human's own physical appearance.

Rude finger
The rude finger is a rude gesture that may be given to other people.

Heraclion
Heraclion is city Crete.

Volos
Volos is a Greek city.

Chalkida
Chalkida is a Greek town.

Tuskegee, Alabama
Tuskegee is a city in Macon County, Alabama, United States.

Tuscumbia, Alabama
Tuscumbia is a city in county seat Colbert County, Alabama, United States.

Tuscaloosa County, Alabama
Tuscaloosa County is a county U.S.

Trussville, Alabama
Trussville is a city suburb Birmingham in Jefferson St.

Thomasville, Alabama
Thomasville is a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.

Tarrant, Alabama
Tarrant is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Tallassee, Alabama
Tallassee is a city split between Elmore Tallapoosa counties in U.S.

Talladega, Alabama
Talladega  is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.

Troy, Alabama
Troy is a city in Pike County, Alabama, United States.

Dadeville, Alabama
Dadeville is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States.

Tuskegee
United States America; .

Daleville, Alabama
Daleville is a city in Dale County, Alabama, United States.

Daphne, Alabama
Daphne is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, USA on eastern shoreline Mobile Bay.

Delmar, Alabama
Delmar is a, rural, unincorporated community inst-central Winston County, United States.

Dora, Alabama
Dora is a city in Walker County, Alabama, United States.

Demopolis, Alabama
Demopolis is city in Marengo County, Alabama, United States.

Juan Garcia Oliver
Juan García Oliver  was a Anarcho-syndicalist revolutionary, an important person in Anarchism in Spain.

Don
Don  is an singer songwriter.

A (Cyrillic)
A  is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

Be (Cyrillic)
Be  is letter in Cyrillic alphabet.

Bare-faced Curassow
The Bare-faced Curassow  spanish "muitu" is a species bird in Cracidae family, chachalacas, guans, curassows, etc.

Diacritic
A diacritic (sometimes called an accent is a mark put above, below, through on a letter to change way it is said to make a word's syllable louder.

Everything as a service
"Everything as a service"  is a concept being able to call up re-usable, fine-grained software components across a network.

Lorraine Kelly
Lorraine Kelly  is a television presenter journalist.

George A. Romero
George Andrew Romero  is an director, writer, editor actor.

Fred Jones (Scooby-Doo)
Fred Jones also known as Fred, Freddie is a fictional character from Scooby-Doo.

Standard (language)
Standard Mandarindard isficial modern spoken language used in mainland China, is fourficial languages Singapore.

Languages Singapore
There are a many languages spoken in Singapore.

Stratovarius
Stratovarius is a power metal band thated in 1983.

Sino languages
The Sino languages a language family composed, at least, Tibeto languages, including 250 languages East Asia.

Jenssson
Jenssson  is a world-renowned power metal keyboardist pianist.

Timo Kotipelto
Timo Antero Kotipelto  is vocalist power metal band Stratovarius is creator vocalist power metal band Kotipelto.

Jörg Michael
Jörg Michael  is a drumer.

Lauri Porra
Lauri Porra  is a bass guitarist.

LK Today
LK Today is a lifestyle programme hosted by Lorraine Kelly.

Velma Dinkley (Scooby-Doo)
Velma Dinkley is a fictional character in cartoon series Scooby-Doo.

Gino Lucetti
Gino Lucetti  was an anarchist.

Pierhead Building
The Pierhead Building is a building in Cardiff, Wales, UK.

Tibeto languages
The Tibeto family languages  is spoken in various central south countries, includingmar , Tibet, northernd, Vietnam, Laos,s central China , northerns Nepal, north-easterns,,stern , various regions India .

Yellow Emperor
Huang-di,  Yellow Emperor, is a legendary sovereign cultural hero who is thought to be ancestor all Han.

Hermit crab
The hermit crab is a type crab that doesn't have a very hard shell.

Alex Salmond
Alex Salmond was born on 31 December 1954.

First Ministerd
First Ministerd is given to head government.

Corinne Enaudeau
Corinne Enaudeau is a french philosopher.

Radio signal
Principle.

MRI
Magneticce Imaging  is a medical imaging technology which uses magnetic fields.

People'sce for Democracy
PADis People'sce for Democracy, also called National Liberationce yellow shirt .

King
King The Great .

Jatujak market
Jatujak Market Jatujak Markettimes called Bangkok market.

Southd Insurgency
Southd Insurgency is a violence that has happened in 3 provincesd.

Triode
A triode is an electronic amplification device containing a filament three active legs that are called electrodes.

Wat Phra Geaw
History.

Thai Prime Ministers
The Prime Ministerd.

Thaksin Chinnawat
Thaksin Shinawatra is a Thai businessman, politician, Prime Ministerd, leader populist Thai Rak Thai Party.

King Rama V
was born on 20 September 1853.

Chalermkwansatree
Chalermkwansatree School is located on 28 Bhuddhabucha Road inulok,d.It was build on 8 November 1923.In pastre an elementary school but nowre areary high school  but high school is coeducation.

Suvarnabhumi
Suvarnabhumi Airport located in Bangchoung,Rachatawa,Noungprew Bangpee district Samotpakarn province.The area airport is about 20,000 rai which thang airportand maybe this airport is in Asia.

Siam paragon
Siam Paragon is department store in South East Asia.

Sanamg
Sanamg is a field located in front Wat Phra Kaew,d Palace in Bangkok,d.

Baltistan
Baltistan , also known as بلتیول  in Balti language, is a region in northern.

Raja
A Raja , also spelled Rajah) is a monarch, princely ruler Kshatriya varna.

Pushim
PUSHIM is a reggae singer.

Headset
A headset is a headphone with a microphone.

Endoscopy
Endoscopy means to "look inside"ten means to looking inside body for medical reasons using an instrument called an endoscope.

Supercomputer
Supercomputer is a super computer.

Hydrogen car
A Hydrogen car is a vehicle that uses hydrogen as its fuel for motive power.

Sdtv
 Definition .

Thermocouple
What isrmocouple? Thermocouple, TC for, is a device that converts heat directly into electricity.

Control engineering
Control engineering is engineering field that focuses on mathematical modeling systems a various nature, analyzingir dynamic behavior, using controlory to create a controller that will cause systems to behave in a desired manner.

DKNY
DKNY  is label fashion designer Donna.

Lanett, Alabama
Lanett is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States.

La Fayette, Alabama
LaFayette is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States, 47 miles  northwest Columbus, Georgia.

Leeds, Alabama
Leeds is a city located in Jefferson, St.

Charles Barkley
Charles Wade Barkley  is an retired professional basketball player politician.

William C. Oates
William Calvin Oates  was a Confederate colonel during Civil War later Democraticor Alabama from 1894 to 1896.

Walter Jones
Walter Junior Jones  is an footballfensive tackle for Seattle Seahawks team in National Football League.

George T. Anderson
George Thomas Anderson  was a general in Confederate States Army during Civil War.

William Clark Falkner
William Clark Falkner  was a soldier, lawyer, politician, businessman, author in northern Mississippi.

Islamic terrorism
Islamic terrorism is a terrorism.

Electric vehicle
Electric vehicle  is a vehicle that uses mainly power battery to AC DC motor for driving.

Daniel Weisiger Adams
Daniel Weisiger Adams  was a noted lawyer a brigadier general in Confederate Army during Civil War.

Lynchburg, Virginia
Lynchburg is an independent city in Commonwealth Virginia.

Electronic engineering
Electronic engineering is a discipline investigating all situation related with electricity magnetism.

George Armstrong Custer
George Armstrong Custer  was a United States Armyficer cavalry commander in Civil War Wars.

Jack McConnell
Jack Wilson McConnell  is a First Ministerd, leader Labour Party current Member Parliament  for Motherwellaw constituency.

Irvine, Northire
Irvine  is a coastal new town in Northire,d.

Northire
Northire  is 32 council areasd.

Charles Kennedy
Charles Peter Kennedy MP, PC  is a politician.

Eastire
Eastire  is 32 council areasd.

Digital Multimedia Broadcasting
Digital Multimedia Broadcasting DMB is a technology that allows to send digital signals to mobile devices, such as mobile phones.

Keeani Lei
Keeani Lei  is an porn star.

Retrovirus
A retrovirus is any virus which copies itself as cell's DNA by reverse transcribing its RNA.

Hurricane Gilbert
Hurricane Gilbert was a very tropical storm which caused much damage to, Mexicos South Texas in 1988tic hurricane season.

Aberdour
Aberdour is a town in Fife,d.

Kirkcaldy
Kirkcaldy is ae town in Fife,d.

Rosyth
Rosyth is a town in Fife,d.

Faro
Faro is capital city Algarve, Portugal.

Homogeneity
Homogeneity is a word that means being similar.

Rhea (bird)
The rheas are species flightless birds in genus "Rhea", native to South America.

Edward Porterder
Edward Porterder  was an engineer, anficer in U.S.

Washington, Georgia
Washington  is a city in Wilkes County, Georgia, United States.

Araluen, New South Wales
Araluen  is a town 27 km south Braidwood, New South Wales.

Bill Henson
Bill Henson  is an art photographer.

Kempen (Germany)
Kempen is a town iny.

Kakapo
The Kakapo  is only parrot that can not fly isly active at night .

Stud poker
Stud poker is a variation poker where players are typically dealt a total five seven cards, with five card poker hand winning .

Gundagai, New South Wales
Gundagai is a town in New South Wales, Australia.

Parkes, New South Wales
Parkes is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Weddings Parties Anything
Weddings Parties Anything re an folk rock band.

Mink
Minks are,-legged members Mustelid family.

Id, ego, super-ego
The Id, ego, super-ego was proposed by Freud'sory.

MTV Unplugged in New York
"MTV Unplugged in New York" was two live albums by grunge banda.

Salicaceae
"Salicaceae" is a family flowering plants.

Krist Novoselic
Krist Novoselic, born Krist Anthony Novoselic II, is an rock musician.

The Sound
The Sound are an Indie rock bandiginally known as "The".

Piggy bank
Piggy bank is coins.

Doenjang
Doenjang is a soybean paste.

Raval
Raval is Gode Imperial Group known as The Imperial Empire, which hails from internet game Second Life.

Ioannina
Ioannina is a Greek town which is located in northwest Greece, in Ipiros district.

Lamia
Lamia is a Greek city which is located in center Greece.

Punjab Hill States agency
The Punjab Hill States Agency was an administrative unit India.

Patiala East Punjab States Union
The Patiala East Punjab States Union  was a state India.

West Punjab
West Punjab was a province which existed from 1947 to 1955.

Multan
Multan is a city in Punjab province.

Prachanda
h2 He is current Prime Minister Nepal.

River Tay
River Tay is a river ind.

Morina
"Morina" is a genus Dipsacaceae family.

Paul Hegarty
Paul Hegarty is a footballer who is famous for being captain Dundee United duringir years in 1980s.

Jointer plane
A Jointing plane is edges boards soy will fit together.It has a 2-3/8" wide blade is 18-24" long hand used.There is also a version jointer plane known as fore plane which is around 18 inches  long.

Hurricane Andrew
Although 1992tic hurricane season was below average,e Andrew was exception to that.

Hurricane Gordon (1994)
Hurricane Gordon was a very deadly damaging tropical storm for, Floridas North Carolina.

Hurricanea (1984)
Hurricanea was really unusual had forecasters guessing when where it would strike.

Abbie
Abbot Howard "Abbie"  was a social political activist in United States.

Neil Patrick Harris
Neil Patrick Harris  is an Golden Globe Emmy-nominated actor.

A Girl Me (Rihanna album)
"A Girl Like Me" is studio album by Pop R&B singerna.

Toddam
Toddam  is an presenter/announcer working for World Wrestling Entertainment  on its ECW brand as play-by-play commentator is host for Fox Soccernel's Major League Soccer broadcasts.

Elijah Burke
Elijah Burke  is an professional wrestler.

Matt Hasselbeck
Matthew Hasselbeck  is an football quarterback for Seattle Seahawks.

NFL Draft
The NFL Draft is sports draft held every year.

Bull shark
The bull shark  has a snout that is wider than it is long .

SS Free
The SS Free is a social networkingbsite launched on June 25, 2006.

Alan Shepard
Alan Shepard  was an astronaut.

Julia Somerville
Julia Mary Fownes Somerville  is a reporter.

White émigré
White émigré  is a political term people who left Russia because Revolution 1917|Russian Revolution Civil War.

Baldia Town
Baldia Town is town Karachi,.

Long Eaton School
Long Eaton School is a school for children in town Long Eaton in south eastire.

Long Eaton
Long Eaton is a town in south eastire ind.

Government Punjab
Thement Punjab, a provincial government in federal structure, is based in Lahore, capital Punjab Province.

Ur So Gay
"Ur So Gay" is a single released by Katy Perry debut EP called "Ur So Gay - EP".

Ur So Gay (EP album)
Ur So Gay is an EP album recorded by pop singer Katy Perry.

Instrumentation
Instrumentation is science that studies measurement control.

Netbook
Netbook, word made by Intel company in February 2008, means cheap, size laptop much easier to move.

Devi
Devi is word for "the Goddess" in Hinduism.

Monism
Monism is philosophical religious believe that God individual soul are non-different, unite to become after death.

Improper noun
An improper noun is a noun to general people, places, things.

Michelleus
Michelleus is a singer actress.

Seamus
Seamus, born in Donegal 11 October 1988, football player currently playing for Sligo Rovers F.C.

Guan Yin
Guan Yin is bodhisattva compassion wisdom in Buddhism.

University College Engineering
The University College Engineering is engineering section University in Ann Arbor.

Ross School Business
The Ross School Business is business school University in Ann Arbor.

Pegnitz (city)
Pegnitz is a town in Bayreuth district in Upperconia, Bavaria,y, with a population about 15,000.

HMS Sirius (1786)
HMS Sirius was main ship First Fleet.

HMS Supply (1759)
HMS Supply was a ship, an armed tender which sailed with First Fleet.

Alexander (ship)
Theder was six convict transport ships in First Fleet.

Friendship (ship)
Theip was a convict transport ship in First Fleet.

Prince Wales (ship)
The Prince Wales was a convict transport ship in First Fleet.

Charlotte (ship)
The Charlotte was six convict transport ships in First Fleet.

Lady Penrhyn (ship)
The Lady Penrhyn was six convict transport ships in First Fleet.

Scarborough (ship)
The Scarborough was six convict transport ships in First Fleet.

Golden Grove (ship)
The Golden Grove was a storeship in First Fleet.

Fishburn (ship)
Theburn was a store ship in First Fleet.

Borrowdale (ship)
The Borrowdale was a storeship in First Fleet.

Ve (Cyrillic)
Ve  is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

De (Cyrillic)
De  is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

Francis Forbes
Sircis Forbes  was Chief Justice  New South Wales.

Ge (Cyrillic)
Ge  is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

Halai
Halaai  , is a reporter for "CNNational" based in network's headquarters inta, Georgia.

Hala (clan)
Hala is a "gotra" clan Jat people found in states Punjab Uttar in India in province Sindh in.

Jamiroquai
Jamiroquai is an acid jazz band.

Eraclea
Eraclea is a town in province Venice, Veneto, Italy.

Lenz's law
This is really a Faraday's law.

County Donegal
Donegal is a county in Ulster,d.

ABC Kids
ABC Kids is a television program which broadcasts several different children series on ABC television network.

Twilight (Novel)
Stephenie Meyers author Twilight is probably veryalthy because her book Twilight.

RLC circuit
A circuit containing resistance, inductance, capacitance is called an RLC circuit.

Jackstones
Jackstones is a traditional game.

Lorentz's law
The Dutch physicist Hendrik Antoon Lorentzulated it.

Snell's law
Snell's law does even as law refraction.

Golden Lion Tamarin
The golden lion tamarin , also called golden lion marmoset is a, squirrel-sized mammal with a lion-like mane.

Piet
Piet, born ind in 1872, painted traditional subjects in an increasingly abstract style.

2008 Pacific hurricane season
The 2008 Pacific hurricane season was an event in annual cycle tropical cycloneation.

2004 Pacific hurricane season
The 2004 Pacific hurricane seasonficially started May 15 2004 in eastern Pacific, June 1 2004 in central Pacific, lasted until November 30 2004.

Burn
Burn  is an-born actor musician.

Naoko Mori
Naoko Mori is a actress.

Sarsaparilla
Sarsaparilla  ("Smilax regelii" is a perennial trailing vine with prickly stems; it is from tropical America West Indies.

Russell T Davies
Russell T Davies, OBE , is a critically acclaimed television producer writer born in Wales.

Hunedoara County
Hunedoara  is a county ia, inia.

Murray Gold
Murray Gold  is an composer for stage, film, television.

American Leagueip Series
In Major League Baseball, Leagueip Series , played in October, is a playoff round that decides winner League pennant.

Stellar classification
In astronomy, stellar classification is a type stars based on temperature its other spectral characteristics, narrowed by others.

Norwell, Massachusetts
Norwell is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts.

Thoa Mehram
Thoa Mehram is a village Union Council Chakwal District in Punjab Province, it isg Tehsil.

Snow White Seven Dwarfs (movie)
"Snow White Seven Dwarfs" is a 1937 film which was made in America, it is based on fairy tale by Brothers Grimm.

Captain Jack Harkness
Captain Jack Harkness is a fictional character in television series "Doctor Who" "Torchwood".

Hurricane Fico
Hurricane Fico 1978 Pacific hurricane season was a tropical cyclone that caused damage in Hawaii.

The Best Billie
"The Best Billie" is a album by pop singer Billie Piper.

Girlfriend (Billie song)
"Girlfriend" is a single released by Billie Piper in 1998.

Naresuan University
The symbol this university is statue King great.

King Bayinnong
King Bayinnong , King Rama III in Toungoo Dynasty.

Transformers (movie)
"Transformers" is a 2007 live-action movie adaptation "Transformers" franchise, directed by Michael Bay written by Roberto Orci Alex.

Siam Paragon
Siam Paragon is department store in South East Asia.

Tropical Storm Ana (2003)
Tropical Storm Ana was only tropical cyclone intic that began in month April.

Hymenoptera
Hymenoptera is aders insects comprising sawflies, wasps, bees, ants.

Syrian
Syrians are citizens United States ancestry nationality.

Dipole antenna
The dipole antenna is important commonly used type radio frequency  antenna.

Analog signal processing
Analog signal processors is brief signal manipulation that can be very complex to handle any other way.

Delta Goodrem
Delta Lea Goodrem  is an actress singer.

Tiber River
The Tiber River is a river in Italy.

Flag Italy
The flag Italy is a tricolour flag.

Venom (comics)
Venom is a villain character in Spider-Man world.

Kele Okereke
Kelechukwud Okereke Kele Okereke is a singer guitar player for rock band Bloc Party.

Russell Lissack
Russell Lissack is a guitar player for rock band Bloc Party is also in band Pin Me Down.

Matt Tong
Matthew Chee Hung Tong Matt Tong plays drums for rock band Bloc Party.

Gordon Moakes
Gordon Peter Moakes  is an bass guitar player singer for rock band Bloc Party.

With Lights Out
"With Lights Out" is a box set album by grunge banda.

The Seven Habits Highly Effective People
The Seven Habits Highly Effective People is a book by Stephen R.

Kirchhoff's circuit law
In 1845, physicist Gustav kirchhoff described two laws.

Peter Henlein
Peter Henlein  , was a locksmith watchmaker from Nuremberg.

Microfabrication
Microfabrication is made up words micro fabrication.

Cavity magnetron
Magnetron is a tube for microwave.

Sanghar
Sanghar  is a city in Sindh province.

Dadu
Dadu  is town in Sindh,.

Hyderabad City Taluka
Hyderabad City Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Hyderabad
Hyderabad can mean more than city.

Hyderabad Taluka (rural)
Hyderabad Taluka  is an administrative subdivision  Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Hatri
Hatri is a Union Council Hyderabad Taluka  in Sindh province.

Masu Bhurgri
Masu Bhurgri is a Union Council Hyderabad Taluka  in Sindh province.

Moosa
Masu Bhurgri is a Union Council Hyderabad Taluka  in Sindh province.

Hajig
Hajig is a Union Council Hyderabad Taluka  in Sindh province.

Tando Qaiser
Tando Qaisar is a town Union Council Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Tando Hyder
Tando Hyder is a town Union Council Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Husri
Husri is a town Union Council Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Moolan
Moolan is a town Union Council Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Tando Fazal
Tando Fazal is a town Union Council Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Tando Jam
Tando Jam  is a town Union Council Hyderabad District in Sindh province.

Jacobabad
Jacobabad is capital city Jacobabad District in Sindh province.

Upper Sind Frontier District
Upper Sind Frontier District was a district Bombay Presidency during Rule in is now Sindh province.

Haptic
Origin haptic.

Jamshoro
Jamshoro  is capital cityoro District in Sindh province.

Khairpur,
Khairpur   is city in province Sindh in southeast.

Khayrpur (princely state)
Khayrpur Khairpur was a princely state on Indus River in is now, with its capital city at Khayrpur.

Bahawalpur (princely state)
Bahawalpur was a princely state Punjab in is now, stretching along southern bank Sutlej Indus Rivers, with its capital city at Bahawalpur.

Dokri Taluka
Dokri Taluka  is an administrative subdivision a District in Sindh province, citya is capital..

Larkana
Larkanao  is city Sindh Province,.

Larkana Taluka
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision a District in Sindh province, citya is capital.

Mirpur Khas
Mirpur Khas  is a city located in province Sindh in.

Allahabad, Sindh
Allahabad is a townah District in southern Sindh province.

Nawabshah Airport
Nawabshah Airport is located atah, Sindh,.

Naushahro Feroze
Naushahro Feroze  is town inahro Feroze District, Sindh,.

Tando Allahyar
Tando Allahyar  is a town in Sindh,.

Began Jarwar
Began Jarwar is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Bukera Sharif
Bukera Sharif is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Dad Jarwar
Dad Jarwar is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province, it has a population 65,295.

Dasori
Dasori is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Dhaghano Bozdar
Dhaghano Bozdar is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Mirabad
Mirabad is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Missan
Missan is a Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh,.

Pak Singhar
Pak Singhar is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Piyaro Lund
Piyaro Lund is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province, it has a population 23,613.

Sanjarg
Piyaro Lund is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Shaikh Moosa
Shaikh Moosa is a town Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh Province.

Tando Soomaro
Tando Soomro, Tando Soomaro, is a village Union Council Tando Allahyar District in Sindh province.

Jalalabad
Jalalabad  is a city in eastern.

Politics
The Politics has seen many changes over years.

President
The President  is head state.

Justicia adhatoda
Justicia adhatoda (Adulsa, Malabar Nut; syn.

Bakrani
Bakrani  is a town ina District, Sindh province.

Ephedra (genus)
Ephedra is a genus gymnosperm shrubs, only genus in family Ephedraceaeder Ephedrales.

Ratodero
Ratodero is capital Ratodero Taluka a "sub-division"a District in Sindh province.

Languages
English isficial language while Urdu is national language despite not being a native language being mother tongue any native group in country.

Bismarck rock days
The Bismarck Rock Days "" is a freedoors music festival.

Empedocles
Empedocles (Greek: Ἐμπεδοκλῆς, ca.

Forensic psychology
Forensic psychology is a branch psychology that works with law legal system.

Tag team
In professional wrestling, a tag team is a team two wrestlers who are working together as a team .

Tajja
Tajja means a professional gambler in Korea.

Opportunity cost
Opportunity cost is value next thing after making a decision.

Virgin Killer
Virgin Killer is album by heavy metal band Scorpions.

Dendrobium
Dendrobium is familieschids withwhere around 1000 species being known.

BBC HD
BBC HD is a high-definition television channel provided by BBC.

Yulia Barsukova
Yulia Vladimirovna Barsukova  is a rhythmic gymnast.

Book Baruch
The Book Baruch,times called 1 Baruch, is a deuterocanonical apocryphal book Bible.

Korea Baseballization
Korea baseballganization.

Scorpions (band)
Scorpions are a heavy metal/hard rock band from Hanover,y, probably known forir 1980s rock anthem "Rock You Like ae"ir singles "No One Like You", "Still Loving You", "Windge".

Internet Watch Foundation
Theet Watch Foundation  is aganization in United Kingdom that gets reports from people acts on reports.

Shakargarh
Shakargarh, headquarters Shakargarh Tehsil, is a city in north-east in Narowal District Punjab province.

X-Forwarded-For
The X-Forwarded-For  HTTP header is a standard for finding where IP address a client connecting to ab server through an HTTP proxy load balancer comes from.

BT Group
British Telecommunications Group plc which trades as BT,  is privatised UK state telecommunications operator.

Virgin Media
Virgin Media Inc.

Be Unlimited
Be Unlimited, simply "Be", is a growing UKet service provider.

Demonet
Demonet is aet Service Provider.

List General Secretaries Soviet Union
General Secretary Soviet Union was a position in government given to a leader Soviet Union.

Bachelor
A bachelor isone who has not been married, does not have a boy girlfriend lives onir own with a roommate.

Nativity scene
A nativity scene is a scene Nativity Jesus,times it may also be a crib .

Wat phra kaew
History.

Phengophobia
Phengophobia is an abnormal fear daylight.

Static electricity
Static electricity means increase electric charge on surface objects.

Submandibular gland
The submandibular glands are salivary gland.

Military diving
Military diving is type underwater diving.

Dagens Næringsliv
"Dagens Næringsliv" is Norway's main newspapers.

FSK
FSK  is special forces Norway's Ministry Defence.

Piping instrumentation diagram
A piping instrument diagram  is a simplified representation a process including required funcional equipment instrumentation to make process work.

Nanjingdcial Center
Nanjingdcial Centerd Square Zifeng Tower is a skyscraper in Nanjing, China.

Module arithmetic
Modular arithmetic is a basic arithmetic that is much a clock, where once you get to twelve numbers go back to zero.

Live – Friday
Live - Friday is a live album released on Sept.

Tropicana Field
Tropicana Field is a domed baseball stadium that serves as home field for Tampa Bay Rays since 1998.

Jin Mao Tower
Jin Mao Tower is a skyscraper inghai, China.

Twoationalce Centre
Twoationalce Centre is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.

Gentoo Penguin
The Gentoo Penguin  is a species penguin easily recognized by white stripe, similar to a bonnet, across it's head.

Fruit bat
Fruit bats  are flying mammals that live in dense forests in Africa, Europe, Australia, Asia.

Flag Florida
The Flag Florida is a white flag with Seal Florida centered on it.

Flag Libya
The Flag Libya is just a plain field green.

Chambar
Chambar, Chamber, is a town Tando Allahyar District in Sindh province.

2008 Formula One season
The 2008 Formula One season was FIA Formula One Worldip season.

New York Film Critics Circle Awards
New York Film Critics Circle Awards are awards given every year to honor excellence in cinema worldwide by anganization film critics from New York City-based publications.

Duncan IId
Donnchad mac Maíl Coluim  renamed as II (before c.

Messolonghi
Messolonghi is a Greek city.

Kalamata
Kalamata is a Greek city.

Matt Joyce
Matthew R.

Foundation
Foundation means a starting point.

CITIC Plaza
CITIC Plaza is a skyscraper ingzhou, China.

Shun Hing Square
Shun Hing Square is a skyscraper in Shenzhen, China.

Chase Tower (Indianapolis)
Chase Tower is a skyscraper inapolis, United States.

Harald V Norway
King Harald, present king Norway, was born in 1937.

Gray Whale
The Gray Whale  is a baleen whale  that has a layer blubber up to 10 inches  thick.

Chase Tower (Chicago)
Chase Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Le Père Fouettard
Le Père Fouettard  was a character whont with St.

Dryococelus australis
The Lord Howed stick insect  was thought to have died in 1930, but morere found in 2001.

Basking shark
The basking shark  is a huge filter feeding shark which grows to be up to about 33 feet  long.

Chamber Taluka
Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision  Tando Allahyar District in Sindh province, city Chambar is capital.

Fortress
A fortress is a building defended, which means it was very hard for enemies to get inside.

Malay alphabet
The modern Malay alphabet is based on Latin alphabet.

Central Plaza
Central Plaza is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.

Bank China Tower, Hong Kong
Bank China Tower is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.

Fin Whale
The fin whale  is a huge baleen whale.

James Skinner
James Skinner can be any following people; .

James Skinner (soldier)
James Skinner CB  was an Anglo military adventurer in India.

Nauplion
Nauplion is a Greek city.

Lincoln, Alabama
Lincoln is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.

Linden, Alabama
Linden is a city in county seat Marengo County, Alabama, United States.

Lineville, Alabama
Lineville is a city in Clay County, Alabama, United States.

Lipscomb, Alabama
Lipscomb is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Livingston, Alabama
Livingston is a city in Sumter County, Alabama, United States.

Luverne, Alabama
Luverne is a city inaw County, Alabama, United States.

Iridaceae
Iridaceae are perennial herbs from rhizomes, bulbs corms comprising about 80 genera 1,500 species.

Tampa Bay Area
The Tampa Bay Area is a area in West Central Florida that include Tampa St.

Live at Wembley '86
Live at Wembley '86 is a set two discs recorded by rock band Queen.

Trams in Melbourne
Melbourne, Australia had trams invented in 1885 now trams are tram network in world, consisting 152 miles tracks, 500 trams, 28 routes, 1,813 tram stops.

Lincoln City F.C.
Lincoln City F.C.

Neamţ County
Neamţ  is a county ia, in historic region Moldavia, with county seat at Piatra Neamţ.

Retezat Mountains
The Retezat Mountains  are highest massifs inia.

Swainsonaosa
Image:Sturts desert pea.jpg|thumb|Sturt's Desert Pea Swainsonaosa, commonly called "Sturt's Desert Pea", is floral emblem South Australia It wasd after explorer Charles Sturt.

Gossypium sturtianum
Gossypium sturtianum, commonly called "Sturt's Desert Rose", is floral emblem Territory.

University Sancisco
The University Sancisco, is a private Jesuit university founded in 1855 in Sancisco, California, is oldest university in Sancisco.

Hurricane Nora (1997)
Hurricane Nora was hurricane to a significant danger to Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976.

Mureş County
Mureş  is a county ia, in historical regionia.

List Premier League clubs
This is a list football clubs that have played in Premier League.

Hurricane Dog (1950)
Hurricane Dog was strongest hurricane in 1950tic hurricane season.

Württemberg
Württemberg,ly known as Wirtemberg, is an area a state in southwesterny, includings regions Swabiaconia.

Tiraspol
Tiraspol is capital citysnistria.

Sukhumi
Sukhumi is capital city Abkhazia.

Tskhinvali
Tskhinvali is capital city South Ossetia.

Mariehamm
Mariehamm is capital citydds, an autonomous regiond.

Funchal
Funchal is capital city Madeira, Portugal.

Simferopol
Simferopol is capital city Crimea, Ukraine.

Chess boxing
Chess boxing is a mixed sport which puts together sport boxing with games chess in every other round.

Iepe Rubingh
Iepe B.

Teresa Stratas
Teresa Stratas is a soprano opera singer.

Beth Groundwater
Beth Groundwater is an author who has written only novel, "A Real Basket Case", was put up for Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.

Yanina Batyrchina
Yanina "Yana" Farkhadovna Batyrchina  is a rhythmic gymnast from Russia.

A Real Basket Case
"A Real Basket Case" is a fictional mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater.

Right Now (Leon Jackson album)
"Right Now" is debut album by X Factor winner Leon Jackson.

Leon Jackson
Leon Jackson is a singer who won series a TV Show in called The X Factor.

Karditsa
Karditsa is a Greek city.

Gooloogong, New South Wales
Gooloogong is a town in New South Wales.

Boorowa, New South Wales
Boorowa is a town in New South Wales.

Guity Novin
Guity Novin  Painter sculptor founder movementspressionism, born inah,, in 1944, lives works in Vancouver Toronto, graduated from Faculty Fine Arts in in 1970.

Transpressionism
Transpressionism is an artistic movement that appeared in late century.

Murringo, New South Wales
Murringo is a town in New South Wales.

Wellington, New South Wales
Wellington is a town in New South Wales.

White Christmas
A white Christmas means that at least an inch snow has fallen on Christmas Morning.

Binalong, New South Wales
Binalong  is a town in New South Wales, Australia.

Don't Call This Love
"Don't Call This Love" is a 2008 single by "The X Factor" winner Leon Jackson.

Astro (satellite TV)
Astro is a subscription-based direct broadcast satellite service based in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

Muscle Shoals, Alabama
Muscle Shoals is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States.

Moulton, Alabama
Moulton is a city in Lawrence County, Alabama.

Montevallo, Alabama
Montevallo is a city in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.

Monroeville, Alabama
Monroeville is a city in Monroe County, Alabama, United States.

Millbrook, Alabama
Millbrook is a city in Autauga Elmore counties in U.S.

Madison, Alabama
Madison is a city in Limestone Madison counties in U.S.

Marion, Alabama
Marion is county seat Perry County, Alabama.

Midfield, Alabama
Midfield is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Fairhope, Alabama
Fairhope is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama.

Fairfield, Alabama
Fairfield is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Fultondale, Alabama
Fultondale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Fruithurst, Alabama
Fruithurst is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States.

Fort Payne, Alabama
Fort Payne is a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States.

Fort Mitchell, Alabama
Fort Mitchell, Alabama is a community 1,400 people located south Phenix City in Russell County, Alabama, USA.

Foley, Alabama
Foley is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.

Florence, Alabama
Florence is a city in county seat Lauderdale County, Alabama, United States.

Florala, Alabama
Florala is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States.

Fayette, Alabama
Fayette is a city in Fayette County, Alabama, United States.

Russellville, Alabama
Russellville is a city inklin County in U.S.

Robertsdale, Alabama
Robertsdale is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.

Roanoke, Alabama
Roanoke is a city in Randolph County, Alabama, United States.

Reform, Alabama
Reform is a city in Pickens County, Alabama, United States.

Red Bay, Alabama
Red Bay is a city inklin County, Alabama, United States.

Rainsville, Alabama
Rainsville is a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States.

Rainbow City, Alabama
Rainbow City is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States.

Robert IId
Robert II  was Kingd from 1371 through 1390.

Robert IIId
Robert III (c.

Magic Tour
The Magic Tour was final tour by rock band Queen withir lead singer Freddie Mercury.

James IId
James II  was Kingd from 1437 through 1460.

James IIId
James III (c.

James IVd
James IV ) was Kingd from 1488 through 1513.

James Vd
James V  was Kingd from 1513 through 1542.

George Butterworth
George Butterworth  was an composer.

Charles Villiersford
Sir Charles Villiersford  was an composer who lived ind for his life.

Wat Phra Kaew
History.

Thaksin Shinawatra
Thaksin Shinawatra is a Thai businessman, politician, Prime Ministerd, leader populist Thai Rak Thai Party.

Suvarnarbhumi airport
Suvarnabhumi Airport located in Bangchoung,Rachatawa,Noungprew Bangpee district Samotpakarn province.The area airport is about 20,000 rai which thang airportand maybe this airport is in Asia.

Phitsanulok
Phitsanulok is an important province in history northd.

Chatuchak Weekend Market
Chatuchak Weekend Market Chatuchak Weekend Markettimes called Bangkok market.

List professional wrestling terms
Professional wrestling has accrued a considerable amount slang, in-references jargon.

Nitrous oxide
Nitrous oxide is a gas with chemicalula N2O.

Choral scholar
A choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with fees his her studies  in exchange for singing in university’s choir.

George Benjamin
George Benjamin  is a composer.

Episcopal High School
Episcopal High School was founded in 1839.

Gordon Gray
Gordon Gray  was an governmentficial United States during administrations Harry  Dwight Eisenhower .

William Eustis
William Eustis  Continental Army during Revolutionary War.

Rheda-Wiedenbrück
Rheda Wiedenbrück is a town in district Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia,y.

Debrecen
Debrecen is a city in Hajdu-Bihar, Great Plain, Hungary.

Oryx
The Oryx  is a fast-running hoofed mammal that lives in dry regions Africa Asia .

Kyogo Kawaguchi
Kyogo Kawaguchi  is a singer-songwriter.

I WiSH
"I WISH" is a music group.

Dragon Ash
is a band.

Masaharu Fukuyama
Masaharu Fukuyama is a famous singer actor in.

Okonomiyaki
お好み焼き is a dish consisting a pan-fried batter cake various ingredients.

Syabu syabu
is a variant hot pot.

Ōmisoka
New Year's Eve is cold "Omisoka" in.

Advent
The Season Advent, which begins on a Sunday about foureks before Christmas Day, is celebrated by Catholic Churches, asll as others.

Pyrih
Pyrih  is a pie that can have either a sweet savory filling.

Queens' College, Cambridge
Queens' College is colleges that make up University Cambridge.

Peace Truce God
The Peace God was a movement begun by bishops in southce around 990 CE to limit violence done to property an to unarmed.

Desmoxytes purpurosea
The Shocking Pink  Millipede  is a millipede who has a bright pink color on its spiny body.

Scholarship
A scholarship is financial help  given toone who wants to study.

Great Egret
The Great Egret  is ae wading bird found worldwide.

Leeds Triennial Festival
The Leeds Triennial Festival was a festival music held in town Leeds,ire ind.

Trimeresurus trigonocephalus
"Trimeresurus trigonocephalus" is a venomous pitviper species found in Sri Lanka.

Venomous snake
A venomous snake is a snake that uses venom on prey to stopm for self-defense.

Yoxall
Yoxall is a town inire,d, UK.

Trimeresurus jerdonii
"Trimeresurus jerdonii" is a venomous pitviper species found in India , Burma, Tibet, China Vietnam.

AXXo
aXXo iset alias an individual group, who has been allegedly harassed by Motion Picture Association America  for copyright infringement.

Ernest
Ernest  was an composer.

Despatch rider
A despatch rider isone in army who delivers messages .

The Ting Tings
The Ting Tings are an duo Pop-Retro rock indie banded ind in 2004.

We Started Nothing
We Started Nothin is an album recorded by Pop duo The Ting Tings.

Shut Up Let Me Go
"Shut Up Let Me Go"  is singlef studio album "We Started Nothing" by The Ting Tings.

Pakistanimir
Pakistan-administratedmir  is a territory in Asia.

1987 Sino skirmish
The 1987 Sino skirmish occurred at Sumdorong Chu Valley.

Longbridget
Longbridget is an automobile plant in Longbridge, Birmingham, Westds,d.

Curzon Street railway station
Curzon Street railway station is a railroad station in Birmingham, United Kingdom.

Holography
Holography is a method that uses wave character light, which dedicts an exact description, that goes beyond options classic fotography.

Dirty paper coding
In telecommunications, dirty paper coding  is a way to send digital data through a channel that is subject to interference that is known to sender.

Klamath River
The Klamath River is a long river in California.

Bandai
Bandai Co., Ltd.

Battle, East Sussex
Battle is a town in East Sussex,d, UK.

P.A.K.
Pakistan-administratedmir  is a territory in Asia.

John Key
John Phillip Key  is current Prime Minister Newd leader Newd National Party.

List people from Dunedin
The Newd city Dunedin is ae number famous people.

Peter Warlock
Peter Warlock , was an composer.

Land mine
A land mine  is aapon that is put on ground just underneath ground so that it explodes when a person vehicle goes by.

Charles Wood
Charles Wood  was an composer teacher.

Arthur Bliss
Sir Arthur Bliss,  was a composer .

Plumbing
Plumbing is a system pipes that carry water other fluids.

Copepod
Copepods  are, shrimp-like crustaceans that swim in seas, lakes, ponds.

Donegal
Donegal is a town in County Donegal, Republicd.

Dingle
Dingle is a town in County Kerry, Republicd.

Young, New South Wales
Young is a town in New South Wales, Australia.

Ammunition
Ammunition,ten called ammo, comes from French word "la munition".

Emirate
An emirate is a political territory that is ruled by an emir, a dynastic Arab Monarch.

Mike Busniuk
Mike Busniuk  is a retired professional ice hockey player.

Law three stages
"From study development human intelligence, in all directions, through all times, discovery arises a great fundamental law, to which it is necessarily subject, which has a solid foundation proof, both in facts ourganization in our historical experience.

Glasgow Subway
The Glasgow Subway is a subway system serving Glasgow,d, UK.

Tyne Wear Metro
Tyne Wear Metro is a rapid transit in Newcastle upon Tyne,ead, South Tyneside, North Tynesided in United Kingdom.

Sydney White
Sydney Rae White  is actress singer.

Welcome to PCA (soundtrack)
Welcome to PCA is soundtrack movie Welcome to PCA.

Pedro P. Polakoff, III
Pedro P.

Emir
Emir  "commander" "general", also "prince"; also transliterated as amir, aamir ameer) is a high title nobilityfice.

Launceston
Launceston is a city in Australia, is city in stateia.

Governess
A governess is a lady who works for a family, teaching children inir home.

Confederation Rhine
The Confederation Rhine was a client state First French Empire.

Constant Lambert
Constant Lambert  was a composer conductor.

Kensington, Calgary
Kensington is an area in Calgary, Alberta, Canada that is famous fors entertainment.

Samuel Coleridge-Taylor
Samuel Coleridge-Taylor  was an composer.

Pontifical Catholic University Rio de Janeiro
The Pontifical Catholic University Rio de Janeiro is a Catholic university based in neighborhood Gavea in city Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Quim Monzó
Quim Monzó was born in Barcelona, Spain, in 1952.

Northern Lighttry
The Lighttry  is a Lighttry Regiment Army.

Pakistan Nationald Authority
The Nationald Authority  will beiganisation responsible for policyulation, will exercise employment development control over all strategic nuclear forces strategicganizations.

Districts Sindh
There are 23 districts in Sindh,.

Districts Punjab (Pakistan)
There are 35 districts in Punjab,.

Districtsia (Pakistan)
There are 24 districts in NWFP.

Setting (fiction)
A setting is time, place, atmosphere (e.g.

National symbols
Pakistan has severalficial national symbols including a historic document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, a memorial tower asll as several national heroes.

Reptoids
Reptilian humanoids are a common motif in mythology, folklore, cryptozoology, science fiction, fantasy, ufology, conspiracyories.

Sei Whale
The Sei whale  is a dark-gray, stream-lined baleen whale that is found worldwide except in polar waters.

Vithoba
Vithoba is a Hindu god worshipped mainly in statestra Karnataka.

Breadalbane, New South Wales
Breadalbane  is a village on River in New South Wales, Australia.

Hydrofoil
A hydrofoil is a type boat that can lift it's hull water with a pair special wings underwater.

Gundaroo, New South Wales
Gundaroo is a village in New South Wales, Australia.

Jack Adams
John James "Jack" Adams  was a professional ice hockey player, coach general manager in National Hockey League Pacific Coast Hockey Association.

Almas Tower
Almas Tower is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Emirates Office Tower
Emirates Office Tower is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel
Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Jeremy Adduono
Jeremy Adduono  is a professional ice hockey winger.

Old College, University Edinburgh
Old College is a building in Edinburgh, United Kingdom.

Garage, Inc.
"Garage Inc." is a cover album by heavy metal band Metallica, released in 1998.

Christmas 1994 nor'easter
The Christmas 1994 nor'easter was a strong cyclone along East Coast United Statestic Canada.

River Wear
The Wear is a river ind.

River Tees
The Tees is a river ind.

Rutland Boughton
Rutland Boughton  was an composer.

Bayreuth Festspielhaus
The Bayreuth Festspielhaus  is an opera house in town Bayreuth,y.

Kilmacolm
Kilmalcolm is a town in Inverclyde,d, UK.

Port Glasgow
Port Glasgow is a town in Inverclyde,d, UK.

Largs
Largs is a town in Northire,d, UK.

Dunoon
Dunoon is a town in Argyll Bute,d, UK.

Falkland, Fife
Falkland is a town in Fife,d, UK.

Saving Abel
Saving Abel is an rock banded in 2004 in Mississippi.

Carl Reinecke
Carl Reinecke  was a-born composer, conductor, pianist.

Saving Abel (2006 album)
Saving Abel  is debut self-titled album by rock banded in 2004 called Saving Abel.

Saving Abel (2008 album)
On March, 2008, rock band Saving Abel releasedir hit studio album called Saving Abel .

18 Days
"18 Days" is singlef album by Saving Abel called "Saving Abel ".

Dagenham
Dagenham is an area London, United Kingdom.

Grays
Grays is a town in Essex,d, UK.

Carcoar, New South Wales
Carcoar is a town in New South Wales, Australia.

Gravesend
Gravesend is a town in Kent,d, UK.

Bach Choir
The Bach Choir is a world-famous amateur choir based in London.

Oban
Oban is a town in Argyll Bute,d, UK.

Argyll Bute
Argyll Bute is a council aread, UK.

Halesowen
Halesowen is a town in Westds,d, UK.

The King Of Fighters
"The King Fighters '94" is a fighting game released by SNK for Neo Geo arcade home console.

102s
"102s"  is a 2000 live-action motion picture, produced by The Walt Disneyy starring Glenn Close as villainous Cruella de Vil.

Cruella de Vil
Cruella De Vil  is villain in Dodie Smith book The Hundred Ones who kidnaps  puppies forir fur.

Disney's 101s
"101s" is a movie made by The Walt Disneyy in 1996.

African Wildcat
The Wildcats  are, fierce cats that live in forests, grasslands, brush lands in Africa Middle East.

Gale
A gale is a very strong wind.

Marin Marais
Marin Marais  was a French composer viol player.

Camberley
Camberley is a town in Surrey,d, UK.

Petersfield,ire
Petersfield is a town inire,d, UK.

Waterlooville
Waterlooville is a town inire,d, UK.

Havant
Havant is a town inire,d, UK.

Steyning
Steyning  is a town in West Sussex,d, UK.

Lancing, West Sussex
Lancing is a town in West Sussex,d, UK.

Bognor Regis
Bognor Regis is a town in West Sussex,d, UK.

Burgess Hill
Burgess Hill is a town in West Sussex,d, UK.

Westhampnett
Westhampnett  is a village in West Sussex,d, UK.

Haywards Heath
Haywards Heath is a town in West Sussex,d, UK.

Lewes
Lewes  is a town in East Sussex,d, UK.

Uckfield
Uckfield is a town in East Sussex,d, UK.

Bexhill-on-Sea
Bexhill-on-Sea is a town in East Sussex,d, UK.

Royal Tunbridge Wells
Royal Tunbridge Wells is a town in Kent,d, UK.

Folkestone
Folkestone is a town in Kent,d, UK.

Lundy
Lundy is an islandf coast Devon,d, UK.

Westward Ho!
Westward Ho! is a town in Devon,d, UK.

Bude
Bude is a town in Cornwall,d, UK.

Padstow
Padstow is a town in Cornwall,d, UK.

Pima county
Pima County is 15 counties in US state Arizona.

Aviemore
Aviemore is a town ind,d, UK.

Swansea
Swansea is a city county in Wales, UK.

Johnd
Johnd  was an composer.

Bathgate
Bathgate is a town in West,d, UK.

Joint Typhoon Warning Center
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center  is a joint United States Navy – United States Air Force task force located at Naval Maritime Forecast Center in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.

Dwarf elephant
Dwarf elephants are prehistoric elephants, which lives in Pleistocene period history.

Kwajalein
Kwajaein is Republicallds .

Bo'ness
Bo'ness  is a town in Falkirk council aread, UK.

Harry Smith (wrestler)
Harry Smith  is a professional wrestler who currently works for World Wrestling Entertainment.

Kilwinning
Kilwinning is a town in Northire,d, UK.

Lasswade
Lasswade is a town in,d, UK.

West
West is a council area ind, UK.

Midlothian
Midlothian is a landlocked council aread, UK.

East
East is a council area ind, UK.

Falkirk (council area)
The Falkirk council area is ind, UK.

Frank Bridge
Frank Bridge  was an composer, violist conductor.

Auchtertool
Auchtertool is a town in Fife,d, UK.

Cowdenbeath
Cowdenbeath is a town in Fife,d, UK.

Moray
Moray is a council area ind, UK.

Southire
Southire is a council aread, UK.

Angus
Angus is a council aread, UK.

Clackmannanshire
Clackmannanshire is a council area ind, UK.

Selby
Selby is a town in Northire,d, UK.

Goole
Goole is a town in East Ridingired, UK.

Burnley
Burnley is ae town inire,d, UK.

Broadstairs
Broadstairs is a town in Kent,d, UK.

Street, Somerset
Street is a town in Somerset,d, UK.

Warminster
Warminster is a town inire,d, UK.

Wisbech
Wisbech is a town inire,d, UK.

Pant,ire
Pant is a town inire,d, UK.

Southport
Southport is a coastal town in Merseyside,d, UK.

Central
Central means centerthing.

National Hockey League rivalries
Rivalries in National Hockey League  have happendned between many teams cities.

Puck
__NOTOC__ .

Hockey stick (dance)
A hockey stick is a move in ballroom dances Rumba Cha Cha.

Belves
Belves is a commune in Dordogne Department in south-westce.

Arrondissement Tournon-sur-Rhône
The arrondissement Tournon-sur-Rhône is an arrondissementce, located in Ardèche "département", in Rhône-Alpes "région".

Checkmate
Checkmate  is a when in chess a player's king is threatened with capture re is no way to meet that threat.

WWE Tribute to Troops
The WWE Tribute to Troops is a televised event held every year since 2005 by World Wrestling Entertainment  in December around Christmas Hanukkah.

Bruce Gamble
Bruce George Gamble  is a professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 season in NHL between 1962 1972.

1937-38 NHL season
The 1937–38 NHL season was season National Hockey League .

Kenneth
Kenneth "Poppi" (d.

Falsifiability
Scientists make hypothesesories aboutir fields study.

Kenosha, Wisconsin
Kenosha is a city ina County in U.S.

Kenosha County, Wisconsin
Kenosha County is a county in U.S.

Tape drive
A tape drive streamer is a component that isten computer.

Cache algorithm
A Cache algorithm is an algorithm a cache.

Quincy, Massachusetts
Quincy is a city in Norfolk County in U.S.

Golden (song)
"Golden" is a piano pop songf album by Fall Out Boy called "Infinity on High".

Edward Rappaport
Edward N.

Live from Le Cabaret
Live from Le Cabaret is a hit live studio album by Rock-Pop band "Maroon 5".

Thermodynamic entropy
Thermodynamic entropy is a measure howganized disorganized energy is in a system atoms molecules.

Cornell University
Cornell University is a college in Ithaca, New York.

Bolognese sauce
Ragù alla bolognese, sauce  is a meat-based sauce for pasta.

Lixion Avila
Dr.

Pug
The Pug is a dog that has a squarely-built body a flat, wrinkled face.

Command Economy
Ad Economy System is when main decision maker is government.

Charles Ives
Charles Edward Ives  was an composer.

Flageolet
A flageolet is an old woodwind instrument.

Opéra National de Paris
Opéra National de Paris is important opera companyce.

Faust
Faust Faustus is a character from legendary stories.

Robert
Robert  was an Academy Award-nominated film television director.

Austin Motory
Austin was a car manufacturered in 1905, company merged with Morris in 1952, becoming leadner in Motory.

Flag Puerto Rico
The flag Puerto Rico consists five equal horizontal bands red  alternating with white; a blue isosceles triangle based on hoist side bears ae, white, five-pointed star in center.

Crescent star
The Islamic Crescent is a symbol consisting a crescent with a star at concave side.

Wake Up Call (Mark Ronson remix)
"Wake Up Call " is a remix version a single released in 2007 by Maroon 5 called Wake Up Call.

Cootamundra, New South Wales
Cootamundra is a town in New South Wales, Australia.

Acacia baileyana
The Cootamundra Wattle is a shrub tree.

Kermanshah
Kermanshah , is capital cityah Province, located 525 km from instern it is about 120 km from border Iraq.

Rider Strong
Rider King Strong  is an film television actor.

John O'Meally (bushranger)
John O'Meally (b.

The Maroon 5 Hit 3 Pack
The Maroon 5 Hit 3 Pack was released only as a digital download special  November, 2007.

ITunes Essentials (Maroon 5 album)
iTunes Essentials, "for Maroon 5", was re-released October 2008 .

Goethe's Faust
Johanng von Goethe's "Faust" is famous play in all literature.

Chromatic (band)
Chromatic is an indie Dance ggrouped in 2005.

Nitric acid
Nitric Acid  is a very corrosive toxic strong acid.

Peter Fechter
Peter Fechter  is known victims Berlin Wall.

Manchester Metrolink
Manchester Metrolink is an urban light rail system in Greater Manchester,d.

Nitrate
Nitrate  is a water-soluble molecule made up nitrogen three oxygen atoms.

Supertram (Sheffield)
Supertram is a tram network in Sheffield,d.

Happy Xmas (War Is Over)
"Happy Xmas " is a song by John Lennon, Yoko Ono The Plastic Ono Band.

Nottingham Expresssit
Nottingham Expresssit  is a light-rail tramway in Nottingham area ind.

Queanbeyan, New South Wales
Queanbeyan is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Sarah
Sarah  is an classical crossover soprano, actress, songwriter dancer.

Philip IV Spain
Philip IV ,  was King Spain between 1621 1665 He was also sovereignds King Portugal until 1640.

UTC+10
UTC+10 means a time zone that is 10 hours ahead Coordinated Universal Time UTC.

Mount Erebus
Mount Erebus is a volcano in Antarctica.

Air Newd Flight 901
Air Newd Flight 901 was a scheduled passenger flight that Erebus on November 28, 1979.

Amborella
"Amborella trichopoda" is a, evergreen, doecious shrub that occurs only in moist, shaded understory montane forests on South Pacific island New Caledonia.

Sandon, Columbia
Sandon, Columbia is a mining town in Columbia, Canada.

UTC+11
UTC+11 means a time zone that is 11 hours ahead Coordinated Universal Time UTC.

God is dead
"God is dead"  is all known widely used quote taken from a statement by philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.

Jeançois Le Sueur
Jeançois Le Sueur   was a French composer, known for hisatorios operas.

Anton Reicha
Anton Reicha  was a Czech-born composer who became naturalized French.

British Rail Class 01
British Rail's Class 01 diesel locomotivesre a wheelbase 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical design in areas with tight curves limited clearance.

British Rail Class 02
The Rail Class 02re a class twenty 0-4-0 diesel-hydraulic shunting locomotives.

British Rail Class 03
The Rail Class 03 locomotive is, together with Class 04, BR's 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters.

British Rail Class 04
The Rail Class 04 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunting locomotive class was built between 1952 1962.

Tajiks
Tajiks  are aniginally-speaking peoplesigin, widespread in present-day,, southern, northststern China.

Cantonese Wikipedia
The Wikipedia  is edition Wikipedia, run by Wikimedia Foundation.

Heart-Shaped Box
"Heart-Shaped Box" is a song by grunge banda.

Wu Wikipedia
The Wu Wikipedia is Wu edition Wikipedia, run by Wikimedia Foundation.

British Rail Class 05
The Rail Class 05 is a class 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Hunslet Enginey from 1955 to 1961.

British Rail Class 06
The Rail Class 06 is a class 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Andrew Barclay from 1958 to 1960 for use on Region Railways.

Paul Thompson (ice hockey b. 1906)
Paul Thompson  was a ice hockey player.

Junior ice hockey
Junior ice hockey,ten junior hockey, describes many levels ice hockey play for players generally between ages 16 20 years old.

British Rail Class 07
The Rail Class 07 diesel locomotive is anf-centre cab dock shunter.

Memorial Cup
The 'Memorial Cup is trophy for winners Hockey League .

British Rail Class 08
The Rail Class 08 is a class diesel locomotive.

Export procedure
Few step for an enterprise to become an exportganisation are:- 1) REGISTRATION AS A BUSINESS ENTITY:- A new export unit can be started by registering as proprietorship,nership imited liability company.

Yellow fever
Yellow fever is an illness which is caused by a virus.

Alexandra Burke
Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Burke  is an soul singer.

Opéra-Comique
The Opéra-Comique is an opera house opera company in Paris.

Truthout.org
TruthOut.org is a politicalbsite aimed at providing another choice to mainstream news sources.

Walter Scott
Sir Walter Scott, Baronet  was a novelist poet.

British Rail Class 09
The Rail Class 09 is a class 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting but also distance freight trips along branch lines.

British Rail Class 10
The Rail Class 10 diesel locomotive was a variation on Class 08 diesel-electric shunter.

British Rail Class 11
The Rail Class 11 is diesel shunting locomotive built from April 1945 to December 1952.

British Rail Class 12
The Rail Class 12 is a diesel locomotive built mainly for shunting duties.

British Rail Class 13
The Rail Class 13 wased in 1965.

British Rail Class 14
The Rail Class 14 is a type diesel-hydraulic locomotive built in mid-1960s.

British Rail Class 15
The Rail Class 15 diesel locomotives, also known as BTH Type 1,re designed by Thomson-Houston, built byire Enginey Clayton Equipmenty, between 1957 1961.

British Rail Class 16
The North Type 1  was a type diesel locomotivedered under Railways' 1955isation.

British Rail Class 17
The Clayton Type 1  was a class diesel locomotive operated by Railways.

British Rail Class 20
The Rail Class 20, also known as an Electric Type 1, is a class diesel electric locomotive.

Pawn (chess)
The pawn  isak piece in game chess, standing for infantry, armed peasants pikemen.

British Rail Class 21
The North Type 2 diesel-electric  was a type diesel locomotive built by North Locomotivey in Glasgow for Railways in 1958-1960.

British Rail Class 22
The Rail Class 22, "Babyip", was a class diesel-hydraulic locomotives built by North Locomotivey.

British Rail Class 23
The Rail Class 23 Bo-Bol-electric locomotives re a ten strong class locomotives built by Electricy in 1959.

British Rail Class 24
The Rail Class 24 diesel locomotives, also known as Sulzer Type 2,re built from 1958 to 1961.

British Rail Class 25
The Rail Class 25 diesel locomotivesre also known as Sulzer Type 2 nicknamed Rats.

British Rail Class 26
The Rail Class 26 diesel locomotives, also known as BRCW Type 2,re built by Birmingham Railway Carriage & Wagony  at Smethwick in 1958-59.

British Rail Class 27
British Rail's Class 27 was a diesel locomotive built by built by Birmingham Railway Carriage Wagony  during 1961 1962.

British Rail Class 28
The Rail Class 28  diesel locomotives, 'Metrovicks' asyre popularly known,re built as Railwaysisation plan.

British Rail Class 29
The Rail Class 29 consisted 20 diesel locomotives whichre rebuilt from North Class 21.

Chess piece
Summary.

Solanales
Theales are ander flowering plants, included in asterid group dicotyledons.

British Rail Class 31
The Rail Class 31 diesel locomotives, also known as Type 2iginally as Class 30,re built by Traction from 1957-62.

British Rail Class 33
The Rail Class 33 also known as BRCW Type 3 Crompton is a class Bo-Bo diesel locomotivesdered in 1957 built for Region Railways between 1959 1963.

British Rail Class 35
The Rail Class 35 is a class mixed traffic B-B diesel locomotive with hydraulic transmission.

British Rail Class 37
The Rail Class 37 is a diesel-electric locomotive.

British Rail Class 40
The Rail Class 40 is a type railway diesel locomotive.

Asterids
Asterids are clades are found in APG II system.

Eudicots
Eudicots Eudicotyledons are a type flowering plant.

Caryophyllales
Caryophyllales is a flowering plantder that includes cacti, carnations, amaranths, ice plants, carnivorous plants.

British Rail Class 41
There have been two distinct types Rail locomotive that are Class 41.

British Rail Class 42
British Railways'  Type 4 "Warship" class diesel-hydraulic locomotivesre introduced in 1958.

British Rail Class 43
There have been two distinct types Rail locomotive that have been allocated Class 43.

British Rail Class 44
The Rail Class 44 Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotivesre built by Railways' Derby Works between 1959 to 1960.

British Rail Class 45
The Rail Class 45 also known as Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotivesre built by Rail atir Derby Crewe Works between 1960 1962.

British Rail Class 46
The Rail Class 46 is a class diesel locomotive.

British Rail Class 47
The Rail Class 47  is a class railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in 1960s by Traction.

British Rail Class 48
The Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted five examples, built at Falcon Works in Loughborough delivered between September 1965 July 1966.

British Rail Class 50
The Rail  Class 50 is a diesel locomotive built from 1967-68 by Electric atir Foundry Works in Newton-le-Willows.

British Rail Class 52
British Rail assigned Class 52 to class 74e Type 4 diesel-hydraulic locomotives built for Region Railways between 1961 1964.

British Rail Class 53
British Rail assigned Class 53 to single Traction-built prototype locomotive Falcon.

British Rail Class 55
The Rail Class 55 is a class diesel locomotive built between 1961 1962 by Electric.

British Rail Class 56
The Rail Class 56 is a type diesel locomotive freight work.

British Rail Class 57
The Rail Class 57 diesel locomotivesre introduced by Traction between 1997-2004.

British Rail Class 58
The Rail Class 58 is a class Co-Co diesel locomotive freight.

British Rail Class 59
The Class 59 Co-Co diesel locomotivesre built introduced between 1985 1995 by General Motors Electro-Motivel  for private companies, initially Foster.

British Rail Class 60
The Rail Class 60 is a class Co-Co diesel locomotive freight work.

British Rail Class 66
The Class 66 locomotive is a development Class 59 used both on railway networks—where it is marketed as EMD Series 66.

British Rail Class 67
The Class 67 locomotivesre built from 1999 to 2000 by Alstom in Valencia, Spain under sub-contract from General Motorsl in Canada.

British Rail Class 70
The Rail class 70 was a class three rail Co-Co electric locomotives.

Freightliner Project Genesis
On 26 November 2007, Freightliner UK General Electric announced Project Genesis.

Balaenoptera omurai
"Balaenoptera omurai" is a species whale about which almost nothing is known.

Rook (chess)
A rook,  also known as a castle, is a piece in board game chess.

Angels & Airwaves
Angels Airwaves is an punk pop band.

Kolathur
Shrothrium Kolathur is situated in Arakkonam Taluk Vellore District.

Martha Jones (Doctor Who)
Dr.

Louis Antoine Jullien
Louis Antoine Jullien  was a French conductor who was famous for his showmanship.

Safety (EP album)
Safety EP is debut Extended play album by Rock-Pop band Coldplay.

Parachutes (album)
Parachutes is debut album by Coldplay.

A Blood to Head
A Blood to Head eas released August 2002 by Coldplay.

X&Y (album)
X&Y is album by Coldplay.

Viva la Vida Death All His Friends
Viva la Vida Death All His Friends  is hit studio album by Rock-Pop band Coldplay.

Lost!
"Lost" is a series songs/singles recorded aspecially by Coldplay.

British Rail Class 71
The Rail Class 71 was an electric locomotive used on Region Railways.

British Rail Class 73
The Rail Class 73 electro-diesel locomotives are very unusual in thaty can operate from a 750 V DC-rail supply but also have a diesel engine to allowm to operate on non-electrified routes.

British Rail Class 74
British Rail class 74 was an electro-diesel locomotive that operated on Region Railways, rebuilt from redundant Class 71 locomotives in late 1960s.

British Rail Class 76
The Rail Class 76, also known as Class EM1, is a class 1.5kV DC, Bo-Bo electric locomotive on now-closed Woodhead Line ind.

British Rail Class 80
Class 80 was TOPS classification allocated by Rail to prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive.

British Rail Class 77
The Rail Class 77, also known as Class EM2, is a class 1.5 kV DC, Co-Co electric locomotive.

British Rail Class 81
The Rail Class 81 is an AC electric locomotive thatly operated on West Coast Main Line Londond Region Rail.

British Rail Class 84
The Rail Class 84 was a 25 kV AC electric locomotive that operated on West Coast Main Line Londond Region.

British Rail Class 86
The Rail Class 86 was standard electric locomotive built during 1960s, developed as a result testing with earlier Classes 81, 82, 83, 84 85.

British Rail Class 87
The Rail Class 87 is a type electric locomotive built from 1973-75 by Rail Engineering Limited .

British Rail Class 82
The Rail Class 82 electric locomotivesre built by Beyer, Peacocky between 1960 1962 as West Coast Main Line electrification.

British Rail Class 83
The Rail Class 83 electric locomotivesre built by Electric at Foundry, Newton-le-Willows as West Coast Main Line electrification.

British Rail Class 85
The Rail Class 85 is an electric locomotive built during early 1960s, as BR's policy to develop a standard electric locomotive.

British Rail Class 89
The Class 89 is a prototype design for an electric locomotive.

British Rail Class 90
The Rail Class 90 electric locomotivesre built by BREL at Crewe from 1987-1990.

Japan Cup
The Cup is important horse race in.

List Rail unbuilt locomotive classes
There have been a number TOPS class numbers locomotives that have not been built for reason another.

British Rail Class 91
The Rail Class 91 is a class 140 mph, 6,300 hp electric locomotivesdered specifically for East Coast Main Line modernisation electrification programme late 1980s.

Plesiosauria
Plesiosauria  are ander Mesozoic marine reptiles.

Enchanted
"Enchanted" is a 2007 musical film, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, written by Bill Kelly directed by Kevin Lima.

British Rail Class 92
The Class 92 is a dual-voltage railway locomotive which can run on 25 kV AC from overhead wires 750 V DC from a rail.

British Rail Class 93
Class 93 is traction classification locomotives thatre to enter service as Rail's "InterCity 250" project on West Coast Main Line.

East Coast Main Line
East Coast Main Line is a electrified main line between London Edinburgh in United Kingdom.

West Coast Main Line
West Coast Main Line is a main line between London Glasgow in United Kingdom.

Georg Michaelis
Georg Michaelis  becamecellory with a non-noble background.

1994tic hurricane season
The 1994tic hurricane season was time from June 1 to November 30, 1994 when hurricanesficiallyed intic.

British Rail Class 100
The Rail Class 100 diesel multiple unitsre built by Gloucester Railway Carriage & Wagony Limited from 1956 to 1958, designed built in collaboration withsport Sales Dept.

British Rail Class 101
The Rail Class 101 diesel multiple unitsre built by Metro-Cammell atwood Heath in Birmingham from 1956 to 1959, following construction a series prototype units.

British Rail Class 103
The Rail Class 103 diesel multiple unitsre built by Park Royal Vehicles with diesel engines by United Traction .

British Rail Class 104
The Rail Class 104 diesel multiple unitsre built by Birmingham Railway Carriage Wagony from 1957 to 1959.

British Rail Class 105
The Rail Class 105 diesel multiple unitsre built by Cravens Ltd.

British Rail Class 107
The Rail Class 107 diesel multiple unitsre built by Derby Works Railwaysre introduced in 1960.

British Rail Class 108
The Rail Class 108 diesel multiple unitsre built by BR Derby from 1958 to 1961, with a final production quantity 333 vehicles.

British Rail Class 109
The Rail Class 109 is a class 2-car diesel multiple units built in 1957 by Wickham & Co.

Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa
"Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa"  is a 2002i Urdu film starring Sana, Moammar Rana Saleem Sheikh among others.

British Rail Class 110
The Class 110 DMUsre built by Birmingham Railway Carriage Wagony in conjunction with Drewry Car Co.

British Rail Class 111
The Class 111 DMUsre based on 2s, but with different engines.

British Rail Class 112
The Class 112 DMUs used standard Cravens body 105s but had a single Rolls-Royce engine 238 hp per car,yre alled into 'power twins'- two car sets with both vehicles powered.

British Rail Class 114
The Rail Class 114 diesel multiple unitsre built by BR Derby from 1956 to 1957.

1995tic hurricane season
The 1995tic hurricane season was time from June 1 to November 30, 1995 when hurricanesficiallyed intic.

Red giant
A red giant is a very star that does notigh very much.

Hypergiant
Hypergiants are stars in Universe, even than supergiants.

Shiver (Coldplay song)
"Shiver" is a single released by rock band Coldplay.

Yellow (song)
"Yellow" is a song recorded written by Coldplay in 1999.

Don't Panic (song)
"Don't Panic!" is a hit single by rock band  Coldplay.

In My Place
"In My Place" was released August 2002.

List Mario games
This is a list video games in "Mario" series.

Puck (sports)
A puck is a circle-shaped object that is used in games instead a ball.

Târgovişte
Târgovişte is a city in Dâmboviţa Countyia.

Antonio Machado
Antonioo José María ycisco de Santa Ana Machado y Ruiz, known as Antonio Machado , was a poet leading figures literary movement known as Generation '98.

Garcilaso de la Vega
Garcilaso de la Vega (Toledo, c.

Nepenthes
The "Nepenthes",ten know as "Tropical Pitcherts" "Monkey Cups", are a genus carnivorous plants in family Nepenthaceae where can find about 120 species .

Kurohime
is a manga series made by mangaka.

British Rail Class 115
These 41 high density sets operated-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe, Aylesbury Banbury which are on Main Line Great Central Main Line .

It Won't Be Soon Before Long (DVD Edition)
It Won't Be Soon Before Long: DVD Edition isiginal music video version  re-released fromiginal 12 Tracked album released in 2007 by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".

Pomaia
Pomaia is a little village , near city  Santa Luce, in Province Pisa,y, Italy.

Morellino dio
Morellino dio DOCG is an red wine made in hills villageo , in Maremma, which includes a coast southerny.

Vino Nobile dio
Vino Nobile dio (in english lit.

Brunello di Montalcino
Brunello di Montalcino is a red wine made in vineyards surrounding town Montalcino located about southwest Florence,y, Italy.

Borodin Quartet
The Borodin Quartet is a string quartet that was founded in 1945 in wasn Soviet Union.

Pienza
Pienza, a town  in province Siena, in Val d'Orcia iny , between townso Montalcino, is "touchstonece urbanism." In 1996, UNESCO put town his list as a World Heritage Site, in 2004 all valley, "Val d'Orcia", was put on list UNESCO's World Cultural Landscapes.

Interactive whiteboard
An interactive whiteboard is modern version traditional boards all know from school.

Sue (dinosaur)
"Sue", specimen ID FMNH PR2081, is, extensive preservednosaurus rex skeleton ever found.

DOCG
DOCG is version "Denominazione di Origine Controllata etita", a warranty mark used in Italy, about wines, for to help who buy wines against fake wines frauds.

Ivan River (Nireş)
The River is a tributary Nireş River inia.

Şapte Fântâni River
The Şapte Fântâni River is a tributary River inia.

Oancea River (Prut)
The Oancea River is a tributary Prut River inia.

Valea Mare River (Aita)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary Aita River inia.

Ulmul River (Aita)
The Ulmul River is a tributary Aita River inia.

Topologel River
The Topologel River is a tributary Topolog River inia.

Tuscan food
Herere is a list with typically dishes fom regiony, Italy.

Karpenisi
Karpinisi is a mountainous Greek city.

Empoli
Empoli is a town iny, Italy, about 30 km southwest Florence.

Igoumenitsa
Igoumenitsa is a Greek city.

Larderello
Larderello is a "frazione" "comune"ce, iny in central Italy.

Primera División Argentina 1934
Overview.

Minneapolis Millers
The Minneapolis Millersre an ice hockey team that played in Hockey Association.

American Hockey Association (1926–1942)
The Hockey Association was a minor professional ice hockey league between 1926 1942.

Bellevue, Alberta
Bellevue is a hamlet near Crowsnest Pass Rocky Mountains found in southern Alberta, Canada.

The College William & Mary
The College William & Mary in Virginia  is a public university located in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.

Tramway track
Tramway tracks are used on tramways light railways.

Sibelaş River
The Sibelaş River is a tributary Sibiel River inia.

Valea Cetăţii River (Sibiel)
The Valea Cetăţii River is a tributary Sibiel River inia.

Light rail
Light rail light rail transit  is a urban rail public transportation.

Pârâul lui Toderaş
The Pârâul lui Toderaş is a tributary Sibiel River inia.

Valea Utii River
The Valea Utii River is a tributary Pârâul lui Toderaş inia.

London County Council Tramways
The London County Council Tramways was ae network public street tramways.

Nicolina River (Iaşi)
The Nicolina River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

PCC streetcar
The PCC  streetcar  design was built in United States in 1930s.

Valea Locei River
The Valea Locei River Loca River is a tributary Nicolina River inia.

Frumoasa River (Bahlui)
The Frumoasa River is a tributary Valea Locei River inia.

Bârnova River
The Bârnova River is a tributary Nicolina River inia.

Heritage Lottery Fund
The Heritage Lottery Fund  is a fund established in United Kingdom under National Lottery etc.

Ezăreni River
The Ezăreni River Iezăreni River is a tributary Nicolina River inia.

Horleşti River
The Horleşti River is a tributary Voineşti River inia.

Douglas, Isle Man
Douglas  is capital town Isle Man .

Săuzeni River
The Săuzeni River is a tributary Voineşti River inia.

Vâlcea County
Vâlcea  is a county ia.

Gateshead
Gateshead is a town in Tyne Wear,d.

Ambergate
Ambergate is a village inire,d, where River Amber joins River Derwent.

Rotheram
Rotherham is a town in Southire,d.

Grimsby
Grimsby  is a seaport on Humber Estuary inire,d.

Halle, Saxony-Anhalt
Halle is city in State Saxony-Anhalt.

Trams in London
There have been two separate generations trams in London, from 1860 to 1952 from 2000.

Durduc River (Bahlui)
The Durduc River is a tributary Săuzeni River inia.

Căsuţa Mare River
The Căsuţa Mare River is a tributary Săuzeni River inia.

Clay Cross
Clay Cross is a mining town civil parish in North Eastire districtire,d, about six miles south Chesterfield.

Goeşti River
The Goeşti River is a tributary Albeşti River inia.

Talyllyn Railway
The Talyllyn Railway  is a narrow-gauge preserved railway running for from Tywyn on Mid-Wales coast to Nantol near village Abergynolwyn.

Valea Lacului River (Goeşti)
The Valea Lacului River is a tributary Goeşti River inia.

Niculeşti River
The Niculeşti River is a tributary Râul Mare inia.

Hill Howth Tramway
The Hill Howth Tramway, just "Howth Tram", operated from June 1901 to June 1959 served Howth Head, near Dublin,d.

Bucureasa Mare River
The Bucureasa Mare River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Bucureasa Mică River
The Bucureasa Mică River is a tributary Bucureasa Mare River inia.

Trolley pole
A trolley pole is a tapered cylindrical pole wood metal, electricity from a "live" overhead wire to control propulsion equipment a tram trolley bus.

Bow collector
A bow collector is three main devices used on tramcars to transfer electric current from wires above to tram below.

Pantograph (rail)
A pantograph is a device that collects electric current from overhead lines for electric trains trams.

Şipotele River (Telejenel)
The Şipotele River is a tributary Telejenel River inia.

Buzăianu River
The Buzăianu Riveru River is a tributary Şipotele River inia.

Pârâul Alb (Telejenel)
The Pârâul Alb is a tributary Telejenel River inia.

Pârâul Sterp
The Pârâul Sterp is a tributary Pârâul Alb inia.

Pârâul Cetăţii (Teleajen)
The Pârâul Cetăţii is a headwater Telejenel River inia.

Chiojdul River (Telejenel)
The Chiojdul River is a tributary Pârâul Cetăţii inia.

Zăvoarele River
The Zăvoarele River is a tributary Telejenel River inia.

Assist (ice hockey)
In ice hockey, an assist is when up to two players scoring team shoots, passes deflects puck towards scoring teammate, touched it in any other way which made goal.

Mânăila River
The Mânăila River is a tributary Zăvoarele River inia.

Water Stratford
Water Stratford is a village civil parish that can be found inside Aylesbury Vale district inire,d.

List places inire
__NOTOC__ A.

List villages ind
__NOTOC__ .

List towns ind
__NOTOC__ .

Burnt Hill
Burnt Hill is a hamlet inire,d.

Bar Hill
Bar Hill is a village that can be found about 4 miles  northwest Cambridge,d.

Yielden
Yielden is a village inire that can be found near borders withireire.

Boncuţa River
The Boncuţa River is a tributary Telejenel River inia.

Ciobu River
The Ciobu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Mislea River
The Mislea River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Mislea, Prahova
Mislea is a commune Prahova County inia.

Cosmina River
The Cosmina River is a tributary Mislea River inia.

Mislea Seacă River
The Mislea Seacă River is a tributary Mislea River inia.

Leaotu River
The Leaotu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Soava River
The Soava River is a tributary Leaotu River inia.

Giumelnicu River
The Giumelnicu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Baleia River (Jiu)
The Baleia River is a tributary Jiul de Vest River inia.

Dracu River (Jiu)
The Dracu River is a tributary Baleia River inia.

Izvoru River (Baleia)
The Izvoru River is a tributary Baleia River inia.

Râul Diului
The Râul Diului is a tributary Baleia River inia.

Mascot River
The Mascot River is a tributary Rasnic River inia.

Mereţel River
The Mereţel River is a tributary Rasnic River inia.

Răchita River (Rasnic)
The Răchita River is a tributary Rasnic River inia.

Zănoaga River (Şuşiţa)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Frasin River (Şuşiţa)
The Frasin River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Valea Boului River (Şuşiţa)
The Valea Boului River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Cârligu River (Straja)
The Cârligu River is a tributary Straja River inia.

Dartmouth College
Dartmouth College  is a private, coeducational university located in Hanover, Newire.

Lupoiţa River
The Lupoiţa River is a tributary Lupoaia River inia.

Motruşor River
The Motruşor River is a tributary Motrul Sec River inia.

Uilocul Mare River
The Uilocul Mare River is a headwater Uiloc River inia.

Coşaru Porcului River
The Coşaru Porcului River is a tributary Uilocul Mare River inia.

Pârâul Negru (Uiloc)
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary Uilocul Mare River inia.

Pârâul Întorsăturii
The Pârâul Întorsăturii is a tributary Uilocul Mare River inia.

10185 Gaudi
10185 Gaudi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 18, 1996 by E.

5090 Wyeth
5090 Wyeth  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 09, 1980 by Harvard Observatory at Harvard.

5086 Demin
5086 Demin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 05, 1978 byykh, N.

5092 Manara
5092 Manara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 21, 1982 by E.

5129 Groom
5129 Groom  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 07, 1989 by Helin, E.

5115 Frimout
5115 Frimout  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1988 by Elst, E.

5137 Frevert
5137 Frevert  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 08, 1990 by Baur, J.

5138 Gyoda
5138 Gyoda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1990 by Hioki Hayakawa at Okutama.

5139 Rumoi
5139 Rumoi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1990 by Mukaii atima.

Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Oldham Athletic Football Club is a football that plays in Football League One.

Bagpuss
"Bagpuss" is a popular children's television series shown on BBC television.

Oliver Postgate
Oliver Postgate  was an animator, puppeteer writer.

Gateshead Garden Festival
Theead Garden Festival was United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals.

Glasgow Garden Festival
The Glasgow Garden Festival was United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals.

Animator
An animator is an artist who makes drawings for movies.

British Rail Class 116
The Rail Class 116 diesel multiple unitsre built by BR Derby from 1957 to 1961.

British Rail Class 117
The Rail Class 117 diesel multiple unitsre built by Pressed Steel from 1960 to 1961.

Ricky Sbragia
Richard 'Ricky' Spragia  is a footballer who currently managesd.

Flag Austria
Theficial Flag Austria is flag country, Austria.

British Rail Class 118
The Rail Class 118 diesel multiple unitsre built by Birmingham Railway Carriage & Wagony  introduced from 1960.

British Rail Class 119
The Rail Class 119 DMUsre used on Region on services inds that used units thatre based at Tyseley Depot.

Donna Noble (Doctor Who)
Donna Noble is a character in television series "Doctor Who".

British Rail Class 120
The Class 120 was a cross-country DMU.

British Rail Class 121
Sixteen Class 121 single-car driving motor vehiclesre built from 1960, numbered 55020-55035.

British Rail Class 122
The Rail Class 122 diesel multiple unitsre built by Gloucester RC&W in 1958.

British Rail Class 123
The Class 123 was a designl Multiple Unit built for Rail in 1963.

British Rail Class 124
The Rail Class 124 was a class initially six-carl Multiple Units used built specifically for trans-pennine route.

British Rail Class 125
The Class 125 was a design three carl Multiple Unit built for Rail in 1958.

British Rail Class 126
The introduction became Class 126 diesel multiple unitsiginated in asport Commission report 1952 that suggested trial use diesel railcars.

British Rail Class 127
The Rail Class 127 diesel multiple unitsre built by BR Derby in 1959.

British Rail Class 128
British Rail Class 128 was a class diesel multiple unit, built for Rail.

British Rail Class 129
The Class 129 was a class single-carl Multiple Unit built in 1955 for Rail.

5004 Bruch
5004 Bruch  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 08, 1988 by Borngen, F.

5005 Kegler
5005 Kegler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1988 by Ueda Kaneda atiro.

5006 Teller
5006 Teller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 05, 1989 by E.

Master (Doctor Who)
The Master is a character in science fiction television series "Doctor Who".

5002 Marnix
5002 Marnix  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1987 by E.

5007 Keay
5007 Keay  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1990 by R.

Tâmpa River (Teleajen)
The Tâmpa River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Gropşoarele River
The Gropşoarele River is a tributary Tâmpa River inia.

Pârâul Fugarilor
The Pârâul Fugarilor River is a tributary Gropşoarele River inia.

Gropşoarele Stână River
The Gropşoarele Stână River is a tributary Gropşoarele River inia.

Izvorul lui Cârstocea River
The Izvorul lui Cârstocea River is a tributary Tâmpa River inia.

Alexos
Alexos is lead singer bandzd.

Zăganu River (Tâmpa)
The Zăganu River is a tributary Tâmpa River inia.

Pârâul Ursului (Zăganu)
The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary Zăganu River inia.

Death From Above 1979
Death from Above 1979 was a Toronto-based band with two members.

Valentin Berlinsky
Valentin Berlinsky  was a cellist.

Baciu River (Tâmpa)
The Baciu River is a tributary Tâmpa River inia.

Pârâul lui Ilie
The Pârâul lui Ilie is a tributary Tâmpa River inia.

Steve Lamacq
Steve Lamacq is a disc jockey for BBC Radio 1.

Intern
An intern isbody who works in a job for a time so as to train while working, unlike just working whichfers little to no training.

Symphonie Fantastique
The "Symphonie fantastique" is a symphony written by French composer Hector Berlioz.

3001gelo
3001gelo is a main belt asteroid that was found by Edward L.

Christ's Hospital
Christ's Hospital is a boarding school in Sussex.

Gang Four (band)
Gang Four are an post-punk group from Leeds.

Reading Leeds Festivals
The Reading Leeds Festivals are two annual music festivals that happen in Reading Leeds in United Kingdom.

Bloc Québécois
The Bloc Québécois is a federal politicaly based in Canada.

Angular Recording Corporation
Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label that was based in New Cross, South East London.

4006 Sandler
4006 Sandler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 29, 1972 by T.

The Weather Makers
"The Weather Makers: The History Future Impact Climatege"  is a book by Timnery.

4005 Dyagilev
4005 Dyagilev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 08, 1972 by Zhuravleva, L.

4007 Euryalos
4007 Euryalos  is a Jupiter that was found on September 19, 1973 by van Houten, C.

3002 Delasalle
3002 Delasalle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1982 by Henri Debehogne at La Silla.

Ghighiu River (Teleajen)
The Ghighiu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Bughea River (Teleajen)
The Bughea River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Crasna River (Teleajen)
The Crasna River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Crăsnuţa River
The Crăsnuţa River is a tributary Crasna River inia.

Nuclear Not?
Professor Elliott calls for continued debate on nuclear power issue.

Nuclear Nebraska
"Nuclear Nebraska": "The Remarkable Story Little County That Couldn’t Be Bought"  is a 2007 book by Cragin which follows controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was County, Nebraska.

Hiroshima (book)
Each account is followed by a brief statement describing how close each person was to center blast.

Railways in Melbourne
Melbourne has a long history railway building.

Non-nuclear Futures
"Non-Nuclear Futures: The Case for an Ethical Energy Strategy" is a 1975 book by Amory B.

Valea Brusturei River
The Valea Brusturei River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Bobu River (Teleajen)
The Bobu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Valea Grohotişului River
The Valea Grohotişului River is a tributary Bobu River inia.

The Tech Revolution
"The Tech Revolution: The Next Big Growth Investment Opportunity", is a 2007 book by Ron Pernick Clint Wilder, who argue that using clean technologies is a profitable enterprise that is moving steadily into mainstream business.

State World
"The State World" is a book published annually since 1984 by Worldwatch Institute.

Electrical substation
An electrical substation is a subsidiary station an electricity generation, transmission distribution system where voltage is transformed from high to low reverse using transformers.

Winning Oil Endgame
Problems solutions.

La Moara de Vânt River
The La Moara de Vânt River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Varniţa River (Jijia)
The Varniţa River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Cordun River
The Cordun River is a tributary Varniţa River inia.

Râul Putred
The Râul Putred is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Chirui River (Miletin)
The Chirui River is a tributary Râul Putred inia.

Pârâul lui Vasile
The Pârâul lui Vasile River Chisălău River is a tributary Miletin River inia.

Dolina River (Suliţa)
The Dolina River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Dolina River (Brăeşti)
The Dolina River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Morişca River
The Morişca River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Cotârgaci River
The Cotârgaci River is a tributary Morişca River inia.

Porcăreasa River
The Porcăreasa River is a tributary Morişca River inia.

Siliştea River (Sitna)
The Siliştea River is a tributary Morişca River inia.

Iazulului River
The Iazulului River is a tributary Morişca River inia.

Cernişoara River
The Cernişoara River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Mariţa River (Cerna)
The Mariţa River is a tributary Cerna River inia.

Ungurel River (Olteţ)
The Ungurel River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Ungurelaşu River
The Ungurelaşu River is a tributary Ungurel River inia.

Nicolina River (Hârlău)
The Nicolina River is a tributary Bahlui River.

Probota River (Bahluieţ)
The Probota River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

The Great Barrier Reef (book)
"The Great Barrier Reef: Biology, Environment Management" is a 2008 book by Pat Hutchings, Mike Kingsford Ove Hoegh-Guldberg.

Betrayers Truth
"Betrayers Truth: Fraud Deceit in Halls Science" is a 1983 book by William Broad Nicholas Wade.

Ciunca River
The Ciunca River Plotuniţa River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Lunca River (Bahlui)
The Lunca River is a tributary Ciunca River inia.

Bahna River (Bahlui)
The Bahna River Buznea River is a tributary Ciunca River inia.

Rediu River (Bahluieţ)
The Rediu River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Amory Lovins
Amory Bloch Lovins  is Chief Scientist Rocky Mountain Institute, a MacArthurip recipient , author co-author many books on renewable energy energy efficiency.

Daniel Faulkner
PO Daniel Faulkner  was a Philadelphia policeficer who was murdered on December 9, 1981, a murder that Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted, but which many people think Mumia did not do.

James Hansen
James E.

Criva River (Bahluieţ)
The Criva River Criveşti River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Strunga River
The Strunga River is a tributary Criva River inia.

Bogdăneşti River
The Bogdăneşti River is a tributary Strunga River inia.

Barcu River
The Barcu River is a tributary Bahluieţ River inia.

Gurguiata River
The Gurguiata River (also known as Valea Plopilor River Huc River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Valea Nucului River
The Valea Nucului River is a tributary Gurguiata River inia.

Bahluiul Mic River
The Bahluiul Mic River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Brighton,a
Brighton is a town in Greenfieldip,ge County,a.

3503dt
3503dt  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by Bus, S.

3505 Byrd
3505 Byrd  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 09, 1983 by Skiff, B.

35056 Cullers
35056 Cullers  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on September 28, 1984 by C.

3507 Vilas
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 21, 1982.

Tarzan (1999 movie)
Tarzan was a 1999 animated movie produced by Disney.

M3 motorway
M3 Motorway is a motorway between Sunbury-on-Thames Southampton in United Kingdom.

M2 motorway
M2 motorway is a motorway between Stroodam in United Kingdom.

M4 motorway
M4 motorway is a motorway between Chiswick Pont Abraham services in United Kingdom.

Sunbury-on-Thames
Sunbury-on-Thames is a town in Surrey,d, UK.

Sarah Jane Smith (Doctor Who)
Sarah Jane Smith is a fictional character in television series "Doctor Who" its related spin-offs.

Olive-backed Forest Robin
Olive-backed Forest Robin   is a bird discovered recently in Gabon.

Conspiracyory
A conspiracyory is a story that says that a group people  are doing illegal evil things hidem from public.

WWE
Backlash is an yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment, which started in 1999 is held in April .

Judgment Day 2003
Judgment Day  took place on May 18 2003 at Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Prichard, Alabama
Prichard is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in United States.

Prattville, Alabama
Prattville is a city in Autauga Elmore Counties in U.S.

Pleasant Grove, Alabama
Pleasant Grove is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Pinson, Alabama
Pinson is a city a northeast suburb Birmingham in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Pike Road, Alabama
Pike Road is a city in Montgomery County, Alabama, in United States.

Piedmont, Alabama
Piedmont is a city in Calhoun Cherokee counties in U.S.

Pell City, Alabama
Pell City is a city in St.

Pelham, Alabama
Pelham is a city suburb Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.

Phenix City, Alabama
Phenix City is a city in Lee County Russell County in U.S.

British Rail Class 139
Class 139 is TOPS classification for PPM60 model lightweight railcar units built by Parry People Movers for use on national rail network in United Kingdom.

Enon
Enon is an indie rock band.

Enon, Ohio
Enon is a village in Clark County, Ohio, United States.

Port Vale F.C.
Port Vale Football Club are an football club currently playing in Football League Two.

Phitsanulok Games
The National Sport Festival was established byulok called “Phitsanulok games” that ended by ceremony on December.

Mound, Minnesota
Mound is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

John Holmes
John Curtis Holmes  better known as John C.

Birds Paradise
The birds paradise are members family Paradisaeidaeder Passeriformes.

Songbird
A songbird oscine is a bird belonging to suborder Passeri Passeriformes (ca.

Passerine
A passerine is a birdder Passeriformes, which includes more than half all bird species.

Superb Lyrebird
The Superb Lyrebird  is a pheasant-sized songbird, approximately 100cm long, with brown upper body plumage, grayish-brown below, rounded wings strong legs.

Lyrebird
A Lyrebird is two species ground-dwelling birds, notable forir superb ability to mimic natural artificial sounds fromir environment.

Albert's Lyrebird
The Albert's Lyrebird  is a pheasant-sized songbird, about 90cm long, with brown upper body plumage rich chestnut below.

Corvida
The "Corvida"re two "parvorders" thatre inside suborder Passeri.

Passerida
Passerida is two "parvorders" in suborder Passeri.

Piciformes
Piciformes areder birds contain about 67 living genera with a little over 400 species, which Picidae  make up about half.

Cureşiţa River
The Cureşiţa River is a tributary Mociur River inia.

Hodoş River (Bega)
The Hodoş River is a tributary Chizdia River inia.

Repaş River
The Repaş River is a tributary Chizdia River inia.

Hisiaş River
The Hisiaş River is a tributary Chizdia River inia.

Pogăniş River (Bega)
The Pogăniş River Pogăneşti River is a tributary Săraz River inia.

Săraz River (Gladna)
The Săraz River is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Surduc River (Gladna)
The Surduc River is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Picidae
Picidae are family birds is ader Piciformes that woodpeckers, piculets wrynecks.

Zoldiana River
Thea River is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Zolt River
Thea River is a tributarya River inia.

Munişel River
The Munişel River Minişel River is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Hăuzeşti River
The Hăuzeşti River Hăugeasca River is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Valea Moaşei River
The Valea Moaşei is a tributary Gladna River inia.

Bega Veche River
The Bega Veche River is a tributary Bega Canal.

Beregsău River
The Beregsău River is a tributary Bega Veche River inia.

Iercicu River
The Iercicu River Iercici River Ciortoş River Valea Mare River is a tributary Apa Mare River inia.

Caran River
The River Gura Tomaşului River is a tributary Iercicu River inia.

Surduc River (Bega)
The Surduc River is a tributary Apa Mare River inia.

Slatina River (Bega)
The Slatina River Izvorin River is a tributary Apa Mare River inia.

Valea Viilor River
The Valea Viilor River is a tributary Slatina River inia.

Sicşa River
The Sicşa River is a tributary Apa Mare River inia.

3004 Knud
3004 Knud  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1976 by R.

La Silla Observatory
La Silla Observatory is an observatory in Chile with eighteen telescopes that study stars.

3006 Livadia
3006 Livadia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1979 by N.

Freema
Freema  is a actress that is descent.

2094 Magnitka
2094 Magnitka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1971 by Astrophysical Observatory.

Missy Elliott
Melissa Arnette "Missy" Elliott  is a five-time Grammy Award-winning rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer.

Piombino
Piombino is a town commune in province Livorno , Italy, on border between Sea Sea, in front Elbad at northern side Maremma.

Caraş-Severin County
Caraş-Severin  is a county ia, in historical region Banat.

Gold Medal Military Valor
The Gold Medal Military Valor  is an medal established on 21 May 1793 by King Victor Amadeus III Sardinia.

Silver Medal Military Valor
The Silver Medal Military Valor  is an medal established in 1833 by King Charles Albert Sardinia.

Bronze Medal Military Valor
The Bronze Medal Military Valor  is an medal awarded by King Italy.

Reşiţa
Reşiţa  is a city insternia.

Orbetello
Orbetello is a town "commune" in province Grosseto , Italy.

3005 Pervictoralex
3005 Pervictoralex  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.

3009 Coventry
3009 Coventry  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1973 byykh, N.

3010 Ushakov
3010 Ushakov  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 27, 1978 by L.

8100 Nobeyama
8100 Nobeyama  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1993 by M.

810 Atossa
810 Atossa is a Flora family asteroid in Main Belt that was found by Max Wolf at Hiedelburg on September 8, 1915.

8101 Yasue
8101 Yasue  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1993 by T.

Pontedera
Pontedera is a industrial town iny, Italy, in province Pisa.

Casentino
The Casentino is valley in which tract Arno River flows tillo, in italian regiony.

Colle di Val d'Elsa
Colle di Val d'Elsa Colle Val d'Elsa is a town "comune" iny, Italy, in province Siena.

British Rail Class 140
The Rail Class 140 was prototype Pacer diesel multiple unit.

British Rail Class 141
The Rail Class 141 was production model Pacer diesel multiple units.

Rosignano Marittimo
Rosignano Marittimo is a "comune"  in Province Livorno in regiony, located about 80 km southwest Florence about 20 km southeast Livorno.

3007 Reaves
3007 Reaves  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 17, 1979 by E.

3012 Minsk
3012 Minsk  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 27, 1979 by N.

James Henry Hammond
James Henry Hammond  was from South Carolina.

Santa Croce sull'Arno
Santa Croce sull'Arno is an town located in province Pisa,y.

British Rail Class 142
The Rail Class 142 is a class "Pacer" diesel multiple units used in United Kingdom.

Functional illiteracy
Functional illiteracy means that a person is not able to read, write, do mathll in regular life.

British Rail Class 143
The Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, Pacer family trains introduced between 1985 & 1986.

British Rail Class 144
The Rail Class 144 "Pacer" diesel multiple units re built by BREL Derby from 1986-1987.

British Rail Class 150
The Rail Class 150 "Sprinter" diesel multiple units re built by BREL from 1984-87.

British Rail Class 151
The Rail Class 151 was a prototype class DMU built by Metro Cammell in mid-1980s.

British Rail Class 153
The Rail Class 153 "Sprinter" is a single-car diesel multiple unit train.

British Rail Class 155
The Rail Class 155 "Super-Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit.

British Rail Class 156
The Rail Class 156 "Super-Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit .

British Rail Class 157
Class 157 was designation rangel multiple unit trains Sprinter family use, inicular for Strathclyde Passengersport Executive.

British Rail Class 158
British Rail Class 158 "Express Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit  train, built for Rail between 1989 1992 by BREL atir Derby Works.

British Rail Class 159
The Rail Class 159, known as "South Turbo" by Network SouthEast , is a diesel multiple unit, built from 1989-93 by BREL at Derby Works.

3008 Nojiri
3008 Nojiri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1938 by K.

British Rail Class 165
The Rail Class 165 "Network Turbo" diesel multiple units re built by BREL at York Works from 1990–1992.

8102ikazu
8102ikazu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 14, 1994 by T.

British Rail Class 166
The Rail Class 166 "Network Express Turbo" diesel multiple units re built by ABB at York Works from 1992-93.

British Rail Class 168
The Class 168 "Clubman" is a diesel multiple-unit  train used by Railways for InterCity services between Londonds.

British Rail Class 170
The Class 170 "Turbostar" is a diesel multiple unit  built by Bombardiersportation  atir Derby Litchurch Lane Works,d.

British Rail Class 171
The Class 171 "Turbostar" is a type DMU operated by.

British Rail Class 172
The Class 172 is a planned diesel multiple unit  Turbostar family similar to Class 168, Class 170 Class 171.

British Rail Class 175
The Class 175 "Coradia" is a model diesel multiple unit passenger train used in United Kingdom.

British Rail Class 180
The Class 180 "Adelante" is a type diesel multiple unit built by Alstom between 2000 2001 atwood Heath in Birmingham.

British Rail Class 185
The Class 185  is a diesel multiple-unit passenger train built by Siemens iny for train operating company FirstsPennine Express.

British Rail Class 201
The Rail Class 201  six-car diesel-electric multiple units re built in 1957-1958 at Eastleigh Ashford.

British Rail Class 202
The Rail Class 202  diesel-electric multiple unitsre built from 1957-58 at Eastleigh Ashford Works.

British Rail Class 203
This was final version Hastings Restriction 0 diesel trains, classified 6B, later class 203.

British Rail Class 204
The Rail Class 204 designation has been used twice for two similar types diesel-electric multiple units.

British Rail Class 205
The Rail Class 205  diesel-electric multiple unitsre built by BR at Eastleigh from 1957–1962.

British Rail Class 206
The Rail Class 206 3R was a typel electric multiple unit  created in 1964.

British Rail Class 207
The Rail Class 207  diesel-electric multiple unitsre built by BR at Eastleigh in 1962.

British Rail Class 210
The Rail Class 210 was a typel-electric multiple unit built in late 1970s.

Christopher Flavin
Christopher Flavin is President Worldwatch Institute, an independent researchganization focused on natural resource environmental issues, based inington, DC.

British Rail Class 220
The Class 220 "Voyager" is a class diesel-electric high-speed multiple-unit trains built by Bombardiersportation for train operating company Virgin Trains, but are now operated by CrossCountry.

British Rail Class 221
The Class 221 "SuperVoyager" is a train currently used by Virgin Trains CrossCountry in United Kingdom.

Lester Brown
Lester R.

British Rail Class 222
The Rail Class 222 is a diesel-electric multiple unit high-speed train capable.

British Rail Classes 251 261
The Blue was a class luxury train used from 1960 to 1973 by Railways in United Kingdom.

British Rail Class 252
Class 252 was classification High Speed Train unit, numbered 252001.

British Rail Classes 253, 254 255
Class 253, Class 254 Class 255 are classifications 125 high speed trains in Great Britain.

Hum Ek Hain
"Hum Ek Hain" is ai Urdu film directed by Syed Noor which was released acrossaters in in November 2004.

British Rail Class 313
Class 313 electric multiple unitsre built by BREL at York Works from 1976-77,se being-generation EMUs to be.

British Rail Class 300
Class 300 was proposed fleet parcels-carrying electric multiple units, whichre to be converted from Class 307 units.

Khamosh Pani
Khamosh Pani  is a 2003 French/German production about a widowed mother her young son set in a late 1970s village in Punjab, which is coming under radical influence.

Salakhain (2004 film)
Salakhain  is ai film which was released in 2004.

British Rail Class 302
The Rail Class 302  was a type electric multiple unit  introduced between 1958 - 1960 for suburban passenger services on London, Tilbury Southend Railway route.

Wubi (installer)
Wubi  is anficial Windows-based free software installer for Ubuntu.

Gbangbatoke
Gbangbatoke is a town in southern Sierra Leone.

British Rail Class 303
The Rail Class 303 is a type electric multiple unit.

British Rail Class 304
The Rail Class 304 is a type electric multiple unit.

British Rail Class 305
The Rail Class 305 was an alternating current  electric multiple unit .

British Rail Class 306
The Rail Class 306 was a type electric multiple unit  introduced in 1949.

British Rail Class 307
The Rail Class 307 electric multiple unitsre built by BR at Eastleigh Works from 1954-1956.

British Rail Class 309
The Rail Class 309 "Clacton Express" electric multiple units re built by Rail  York Works from 1962-1963.

British Rail Class 308
The Rail  Class 308 alternating current  electric multiple units re built by BR at York, in three batches, from 1961–62.

British Rail Class 310
The Rail  Class 310 is a slam-door, alternating current  electric multiple unit  introduced in 1966 as West Coast Main Line electrification project.

British Rail Class 311
The Rail Class 311 alternating current  electric multiple units re built by Cravens at Sheffield in 1967.

British Rail Class 312
The Rail Class 312 is a type alternating current  electric multiple unit  built in 1966-1974 on-suburban passenger services.

British Rail Class 314
British Rail Class 314 alternating current  electric multiple units re built by BREL at York works from 1978 to 1979.

British Rail Class 315
British Rail Class 315 alternating current  electric multiple units re built by BREL at York works from 1980 to 1981.

British Rail Classes 316 457
Class 316 Class 457re two suggested TOPS classifications.

British Rail Class 317
The Rail Class 317 electric multiple unitsre built by BREL at York Works in two batches, from 1981-82 1985-87.

Nehebkau
Nehebkau guarded entrance to Duat, underworld.

British Rail Class 318
The Rail Class 318 is an electric multiple unit  train, which operates exclusively in Strathclydeip forsport network in West Centrald.

Ka
Ka is fives idea soul.

British Rail Class 319
The Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units re built by BREL York in two batches from 1987–88 1990.

British Rail Class 320
The Rail Class 320 is an alternating current  electric multiple unit  train found on Strathclydeip forsport  rail network in Centrald, is used exclusively on North Clyde Line between Helensburgh Airdrie, Northire via Glasgow Queen Street railway station.

Ba
Ba is fives spirit in mythology.

British Rail Class 321
The Rail Class 321 alternating current  electric multiple units re built by BREL York in three batches from 1986-1989.

High-speed rail
High-speed rail is a type passenger rail transport that operates significantly faster than normal speed rail traffic.

3015 Candy
3015 Candy is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1980 by E.

InterCity 125
The InterCity 125 was brand Rail's High Speed Train  fleet.

3016 Meuse
3016 Meuse  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by H.

3018 Godiva
3018 Godiva is a main belt asteroid that was found by Edward L.

3019 Kulin
3019 Kulin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 07, 1940 by G.

3020 Naudts
3020 Naudts  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 02, 1949 by K.

3023 Heard
3023 Heard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 05, 1981 by E.

Egyptian Soul
The ancients believed soul was Ren, Ba, Ka, Sheut, Ib.

3024
3024  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 23, 1981 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.

Purple Mountain Observatory
Purple Mountain Observatory is an observatory that uses telescopes to look at stars for new objects in space.

30253 Vitek
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 30, 2000.

30252 Textorisová
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 30, 2000.

30305 Severi
30305 Severi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 1, 2000 by P.

30306 Frigyesriesz
30306 Frigyesriesz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 2, 2000 by P.

30307 Marcelriesz
30307 Marcelriesz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 2, 2000 by P.

30417 Staudt
30417 Staudt  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 2000 by P.

30418 Jakobsteiner
30418 Jakobsteiner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 2000 by P.

Anti-nuclear movement in California
The 1970s a pivotal period for anti-nuclear movement in California.

30439 Moe
30439 Moe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 21, 2000 by J.

30440 Larry
30440 Larry  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 22, 2000 by J.

30441 Curly
30441 Curly  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 24, 2000 by J.

30443 Stieltjes
30443 Stieltjes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 3, 2000 by P.

30444 Shemp
30444 Shemp  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by John Broughton at Reedy Creek Observatory.

30445 Stirling
30445 Stirling  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by P.

British Rail Class 322
The Rail Class 322 electric multiple unitsre built by BREL between 1988-90.

British Rail Class 323
The Rail Class 323 electric multiple unitsre built by Hunslet TPL from 1992-93.

30566 Stokes
30566 Stokes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 29, 2001 by P.

30718 Records
30718 Records  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1955 bya Asteroid Program at Goethe Link Observatory, Brooklyn,a.

30722
30722  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 6, 1978 by N.

30724 Peterburgtrista
30724 Peterburgtrista  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1978 by L.

3025 Higson
3025 Higson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1982 by Shoemaker, C.

1001 Gaussia
1001 Gaussia is a main-belt asteroid that is circling around Sun.

2001 Einstein
2001 Einstein is an inner main belt asteroid that was found on March 5, 1973 by Paul Wild.

40409 Taichikato
40409 Taichikato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 6, 1999 by G.

2002 Euler
2002 Euler is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1973 by Tamara Mikhailovna Smirnova.

2003 Harding
2003 Harding  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by PLS at Palomar.

2004 Lexell
2004 Lexell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1973 by N.

2005 Hencke
2005 Hencke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 02, 1973 by Wild, P.

10021 Henja
10021 Henja  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by Claes-Ingvar Lagerkvist at Observatory.

1002 Olbersia
1002 Olbersia is a main-belt asteroid.

1003 Lilofee
1003 Lilofee is an main-belt asteroid.

10030
10030  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 30, 1981 by E.

4000 Hipparchus
4000 Hipparchus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 04, 1989 by Ueda, S.

40106 Erben
40106 Erben  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1998 by P.

40206 Lhenice
40206 Lhenice  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1998 by J.

2006 Polonskaya
2006 Polonskoya is a main belt asteroid.

3003 Konček
is a main belt asteroid that was found on December 28, 1983.

3011 Chongqing
3011 Chongqing  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 26, 1978 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.

4001 Ptolemaeus
4001 Ptolemaeus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 02, 1949 by K.

4002 Shinagawa
4002 Shinagawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 14, 1950 by K.

4003n
4003n  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 08, 1964 by F.

4004 List'ev
4004 List'ev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1971 by Astrophysical Obs.

50033
50033  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000 by S.

7000 Curie
7000 Curie  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 06, 1939 byd Rigaux at Uccle.

9900 Llull
9900 Llull  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 13, 1997 by M.

(11433) 3474 T-3
 3474 T-3 is an asteroid that was found by Cornelisnes van Houten at Palomar on October 16, 1977.

11432 Kerkhoven
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 29, 1973.

(11434) 1931 TC2
 1931 TC2 is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on October 10, 1931.

(11435) 1931 UB
 1931 UB is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on October 17, 1931.

1010 Marlene
1010 Marlene is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on November 12, 1923.

10111 Fresnel
10111 Fresnel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 25, 1992 by E.

10005ega
10005ega  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1976 by N.

846 Lipperta
846 Lipperta is a minor planetbiting Sun.

(115485) 2003 UR19
115485  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Wrightwood, California
Wrightwood is a census-designated place that can be found in San Bernardino County, California.

6000 United Nations
6000 United Nations  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 27, 1987 by P.

8000 Isaac Newton
8000 Isaac Newton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 5, 1986 by Henri Debehogne at Observatory.

8001 Ramsden
8001 Ramsden  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 4, 1986 by A.

4009evskij
4009evskij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 13, 1977 byykh, N.

5000 IAU
5000 IAU is a Main Belt asteroid that was found byor F.

5001 EMP
5001 EMP  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 1987 by Bowell, E.

5009 Sethos
5009 Sethos  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by van Houten Gehrels at Palomar.

6001 Thales
6001 Thales  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E.

7001 Noether
7001 Noether  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 14, 1955 bya University at Brooklyn.

65001 Teodorescu
65001 Teodorescu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 9, 2002 by F.

9000 Hal
9000 Hal  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 03, 1981 by Bowell, E.

Slash Records
Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles.

6007s
6007s  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 28, 1990 by S.

6010 Lyzenga
6010 Lyzenga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1990 by E.

6011 Tozzi
6011 Tozzi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1990 by H.

10955 Harig
10955 Harig  is a Main-belt Asteroid.

4012 Geballe
4012 Geballe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 7, 1978 by E.

10563 Izhdubar
10563 Izhdubar  is an Apollo asteroid that was found on November 19, 1993 by C.

(116446) 2004 AG
116446  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 5, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(116903) 2004 GW
116903  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 11, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(129066) 2004 VY28
129066  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 7, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

John Macarthur (wool pioneer)
John Macarthur  was a soldier, business man, politician man who started wool industry.

Lachlan Macquarie
Major-General Macquarie CB  was a militaryficer who wasor New South Wales from 1810 to 1821.

My Name Is Earl
"My Name Is Earl" is an sitcom created by Greg Garcia.

She Wants You
"She Wants You" is a single by singer actress Billie Piper.

Honey to Bee
"Honey to Bee" is a single by Billie Piper released in 1999.

British Rail Class 325
The Rail Class 325 is a dual-voltage alternating current  electric multiple unit  train train services.

British Rail Class 332
The Rail Class 332  is type electric multiple unit train used on Heathrow Express between London Paddington station Heathrow Airport.

British Rail Class 333
The Rail Class 333 electric multiple unitsre built by Siemens are based on Class 332 trains operated by Heathrow Express.

British Rail Class 334
The Rail Class 334 is a suburban electric multiple unit built by Alstom in Birmingham.

British Rail Class 341 342
Class 341 Class 342re proposed electric multiple unit classes from Networker series new services on UK rail network.

British Rail Class 350
The Rail Class 350 "Desiro" is class electrical multiple unit built by Siemens AG from 2004- present.

British Rail Class 357
The Rail Class 357 "Electrostar" alternating current  electric multiple units re built byz, Derby  from 1999 to 2002 at a cost approximately £350 million.

British Rail Class 360
The Rail Class 360 electric multiple unitsre built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2000-2005.

British Rail Class 365
The Rail Class 365 "Networker Express" are dual-voltage  electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994-95.

British Rail Class 370
British Rail's Class 370 tilting trains, also APT-P ,re pre-productionced Passenger Train units.

British Rail Classes 371, 381 471
Class 371, Class 381 Class 471re proposed electric multiple unit classes from Networker family services in south-eastd.

British Rail Class 373
The Rail Class 373 TGV-TMST train is an electric multiple unit that operates Eurostar's high-speed rail service between Britain,ce Belgium vianel Tunnel.

British Rail Class 375
The Rail Class 375 Electrostar electric multiple unit train was built by Bombardiersportation  atir Derby Works, from 1999 to 2005.

British Rail Class 376
The Class 376 Electrostar is a model electric multiple-unit passenger train manufactured by Bombardiersportation.

British Rail Class 377
The Class 377 Electrostars are electric multiple units built by Bombardiersportation  atir Derby Works, from 2001-present.

British Rail Class 378
The Class 378 Capitalstar is a type electric multiple unit that has London Overground network franchise.

British Rail Class 380
Class 380 is designation given to a class electric multiple unit train that are to be built, for use on national railway network ind, in United Kingdom.

British Rail Class 390
The Class 390 "Pendolino" electric multiple unit is a tilting train built by Fiat Ferroviaria utilising Fiat tilt systems.

British Rail Class 395
Class 395 is designation new dual-voltage EMUs being built to operate new high speed domestic services on High Speed 1 railway line in United Kingdom.

Cyberman
The Cybermen are a fictional race cyborgs in television series "Doctor Who".

Marlborough
Marlborough is a town inire,d, UK.

Anatidae
Anatidae is biological family birds that includes ducks, geese swans.

Anatinae
The Anatinae is a subfamily family Anatidae that including swans, geese ducks.

High-Definition Multimedia Interface
The High-Definition Multimedia Interface  is a compact audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data.

Oil tanker
An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a ship transport oil.

(128621) 2004 RD
128621  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 2, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(134010) 2004 VW28
134010  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 7, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

1012 Sarema
1012 Sarema is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on January 12, 1924.

(9942) 1989 TM1
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 8, 1989 by T.

(143052) 2002 WY2
143052  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 24, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(145166) 2005 JL
145166  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on May 3, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(147735) 2005 NE
147735  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on July 2, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

1005 Arago
1005 Arago is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Sergeiovich Belyavsky on September 5, 1923.

10055 Silcher
10055 Silcher  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 22, 1987 by Freimut Börngen at Tautenburg.

(147799) 2005 RA34
147799  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 15, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

10025 Rauer
10025 Rauer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 1980 by Claes-Ingvar Lagerkvist at Observatory.

(149450) 2003 CE14
149450  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on February 6, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(149976) 2005 UO6
149976  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 24, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Pesceana River (Olteţ)
Thea River Peşteana River is a tributary Olteţ River inia.

Brebina River (Bulba)
The Brebina River is a tributary Bulba River inia.

Valea Cireşului River (Ploştina)
The Valea Cireşului River is a tributary Ploştina River inia.

Leurda River (Ploştina)
The Leurda River is a tributary Ploştina River inia.

Ştirbeţ River
The Ştirbeţ River is a tributary Ploştina River inia.

Roşiuţa River
The Roşiuţa River is a tributary Ploştina River inia.

Coşovăţ River
The Coşovăţ River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Sălătruc River (Motru)
The Sălătruc River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Strehaia
Strehaia is a town in Mehedinţi County, Oltenia,ia.

Heritage railway
A heritage railway , preserved railway , tourist railroad  is a term railway which is run as a tourist attraction, is usually but not always run by volunteers, seeks to re-create railway scenes past.

Copăcioasa River (Gilort)
The Copăcioasa River is a tributary Valea Rea River inia.

Păiuş River
The Păiuş River is a tributary Capra River inia.

Ţiganu River (Gilort)
The Ţiganu River is a tributary Ciocadia River inia.

Plăsala River
The Plăsala River is a tributary Ciocadia River inia.

Aniniş River
The Aniniş River is a tributary Ciocadia River inia.

Ciocazeaua Radoşului River
The Ciocazeaua Radoşului River is a tributary Aniniş River inia.

(152212) 2005 RG
152212  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 1, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(152471) 2005 WE1
152471  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 21, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(158621) 2003 BJ
158621  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on January 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(158899) 2004 QO
158899  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(161384) 2003 UK25
161384  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 24, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(163950) 2003 UN22
163950  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(166609) 2002 RF232
166609  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 10, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(170025) 2002 VO
170025  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 2, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(170026) 2002 VV2
170026  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 4, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(170027) 2002 VH5
170027  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(171287) 2006 GK3
171287  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on April 7, 2006 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(172460) 2003 RT11
172460  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 15, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(191323) 2003 KN
191323  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on May 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(191485) 2003 TO2
191485  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on October 7, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(191621) 2004 MN3
191621  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on June 19, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Pământ Alb River
The Pământ Alb River is a tributary Apa Mare River inia.

Valea Apei River
The Valea Apei River is a tributary Pământ Alb River inia.

Chessel
Chessel is a municipality in canton Vaud ind.

Duat
 Duat .

Măgheruş River (Bega)
The Măgheruş River is a tributary Beregsău River inia.

Giuroc River
The Giuroc River is a tributary Măgheruş River inia.

Valea Lacului River (Bega)
The Valea Lacului River Pârâul Lacului is a tributary Măgheruş River inia.

Luda Bara River
The Luda Bara Riveri River is a tributary Măgheruş River inia.

Ammit
Ammit was idea punishment soul.

Fibiş River
The Fibiş River is a tributary Beregsău River inia.

Valea Porcului River (Ilba)
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary Ilba River inia.

Mesteacănu River (Ilba)
The Mesteacănu River is a headwater Ilba River inia.

Valea Colbului River
The Valea Colbului River is a tributary Ilba River inia.

Izvorul Băilor River (Ilba)
The Izvorul Băilor River is a tributary Valea Colbului River inia.

Pistruia Mică River
The Pistruia Mică River is a headwater Pistruia River inia.

Pistruia Mare River
The Pistruia Mare River is a headwater Pistruia River inia.

Valea Stejarului River (Firiza)
The Valea Stejarului River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Valeaă River
The Valeaă River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Jidovoaia River
The Jidovoaia River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Valea Plopilor River (Firiza)
The Valea Plopilor River is a tributary Jidovoaia River inia.

Limpedea River (Firiza)
The Limpedea River is a tributary Jidovoaia River inia.

Glodişor River
The Glodişor River is a tributary Jidovoaia River inia.

Valea Cerbului River (Firiza)
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Valea Vălinelor River
The Valea Vălinelor River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Valea Roşie River (Firiza)
The Valea Roşie River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Valea Trei Crai River
The Valea Trei Crai River is a tributary Valea Roşie River inia.

Şonioca Mare River
The Şonioca Mare River is a tributary Firiza River inia.

Ciurgău River (Slătioara)
The Ciurgău River is a tributary Slătioara River inia.

Valea Ursului River (Ciurgău)
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary Ciurgău River inia.

Pârâul lui Ion
The Pârâul lui Ion is a tributary Slătioara River inia.

Valea Lătoacei River
The Valea Lătoacei River is a tributary Pârâul lui Ion inia.

Valea Seacă River (Suha)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Ostra, Suceava
Ostra is a commune that is found in Suceava County,ia.

Gyula, Hungary
Gyula is a town in Békés county in south-eastern Hungary.

Coşu River
The Coşu River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Duraşu River
The Duraşu River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Varniţele River
The Varniţele River is a tributary Nechitu River inia.

Ivaneş River
Theeş River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Ivăncelul River
The Ivăncelul River is a tributaryeş River inia.

Băţul River
The Băţul River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Jgheabu Muntelui River
The Jgheabu Muntelui River is a tributary Băţul River inia.

Râul Prăsiliei
The Râul Prăsiliei is a tributary Băţul River inia.

Asău River (Bicaz)
The Asău River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Arşiţa River (Dămuc)
The Arşiţa River is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Pârâul Sec (Dămuc)
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary Dămuc River inia.

Alunişu River (Dămuc)
The Alunişu River is a tributary Pârâul Sec inia.

2009ina
2009ina is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 22, 1968 by T.M.

2010ev
2010ev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1969 byeva, B.

Gadsden, Alabama
Gadsden is a city in county seat Etowah County, northeastern Alabama, United States, approximately 60 miles northeast Birmingham.

2013 Tucapel
2013 Tucapel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1971 by C.

3013 Dobrovoleva
3013 Dobrovoleva  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1979 byykh, N.

Geneva, Alabama
Geneva is a city in county seat Geneva County, Alabama, United States.

Gardendale, Alabama
Gardendale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States, a northern suburb Birmingham.

3014u
3014u  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 11, 1979 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.

3029 Sanders
3029 Sanders  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by S.

Akan, Wisconsin
Akan is a town ind County, Wisconsin, United States.

Alban, Wisconsin
Alban is a town in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.

Guntersville, Alabama
Guntersville is a city inall County, Alabama, United States is included in Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.

Guin, Alabama
Guin is a city in Marion County, Alabama, United States.

Greenville, Alabama
Greenville is a city in Butler County, Alabama, United States.

Greensboro, Alabama
Greensboro is a city in Hale County, Alabama, United States.

Graysville, Alabama
Graysville is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Goodwater, Alabama
Goodwater is a city in Coosa County, Alabama, United States.

Glencoe, Alabama
Glencoe is a city in Calhoun Etowah Counties in U.S.

Albany, Green County, Wisconsin
Albany is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.

Albany, Pepin County, Wisconsin
Albany is a town in Pepin County, Wisconsin, United States.

Albion, Dane County, Wisconsin
Albion is a town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.

3035 Chambers
3035 Chambers  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 07, 1924 by Reinmuth, K.

3026 Sarastro
3026 Sarastro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1977 by P.

3031 Houston
3031 Houston is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 08, 1984 by Edward L.

20230chard
20230chard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 6, 1997 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

20234 Billgibson
20234 Billgibson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 6, 1998 by M.

20242 Sagot
20242 Sagot  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1998 by P.

20246 Frappa
20246 Frappa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 1, 1998 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

20254 Úpice
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 21, 1998.

20256 Adolfneckař
20256 Adolfneckař is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on March 23, 1998 at Ondřejov Observatory in Czech Republic by P.

20259
20259  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1998 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

20264
20264  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20265 Yuyinchen
20265 Yuyinchen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20266 Danielchoi
20266 Danielchoi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20268 Racollier
20268 Racollier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

10006 Sessai
10006 Sessai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1976 by H.

10007 Malytheatre
10007 Malytheatre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 16, 1976 by L.

1042 Amazone
1042 Amazone is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on April 22, 1925.

10050
10050  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 28, 1987 byor F.

10515 Old Joe
10515 Old Joe is a main-belt asteroid that was found by G.

10516 Sakurajima
10516 Sakurajima  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 1, 1989 by M.

12418 Tongling
12418 Tongling  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 23, 1995 by Beijing Schmidt CCD Asteroid Program at Xinglong.

12414 Bure
12414 Bure  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1995 by T.

124192 Moletai
124192 Moletai  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on July 26, 2001 by K.

12421 Zhenya
12421 Zhenya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1995 by T.

12423 Slotin
12423 Slotin is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 17, 1995 by Spacewatch.

12431 Webster
12431 Webster  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

12433 Barbieri
12433 Barbieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 15, 1996 by M.

12437e
12437e  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 18, 1996 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

12439 Okasaki
12439 Okasaki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 15, 1996 by T.

12443 Paulsydney
12443 Paulsydney  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 15, 1996 by AMOS team at Haleakala.

2007 McCuskey
2007 McCuskey is a Main Belt asteroid that was found at Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn,a bya Asteroid Program on September 22, 1963.

20174 Eisenstein
20174 Eisenstein  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 13, 1996 by P.

2017 Wesson
2017 Wesson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1903 by M.

13010titov
13010titov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1986 by L.

13011 Loeillet
13011 Loeillet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 26, 1987 by E.

13014 Hasslacher
13014 Hasslacher  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1987 by R.

13024d
13024d  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 11, 1989 by F.

40227 Tahiti
40227 Tahiti  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1998 by E.

40328 Dow
40328 Dow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 20, 1999 by D.

40410 Příhoda
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999.

40440 Dobrovský
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 11, 1999.

40441n
40441n  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1999 by P.

40444 Palacký
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 12, 1999.

40457 Williamkuhn
40457 Williamkuhn  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999 by M.

40459 Rektorys
40459 Rektorys  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1999 by P.

24587eus
24587eus  is a Jupiter that was found on September 30, 1973 by C.

20403 Attenborough
20403 Attenborough  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 22, 1998 by J.

Reedy Creek Observatory
Reedy Creek Observatory is an observatory for looking at Near-Earth objects.

20405 Barryburke
20405 Barryburke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 1998 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

20103 de Vico
20103 de Vico  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 6, 1995 by R.

20106 Morton
20106 Morton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1995 by D.

20107 Nanyotenmondai
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 28, 1995.

20109dis
20109dis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 12, 1995 by J.

20120 Ryugatake
20120 Ryugatake  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1995 by T.

20135 Juels
20135 Juels  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 7, 1996 by P.

20136 Eisenhart
20136 Eisenhart  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 8, 1996 by P.

20140 Costitx
20140 Costitx  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1996 by M.

20141 Markidger
20141 Markidger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 13, 1996 by M.

20151 Utsunomiya
20151 Utsunomiya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 5, 1996 by A.

20155 Utewindolf
20155 Utewindolf  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1996 by P.

20156 Herbwindolf
20156 Herbwindolf  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1996 by P.

Prescott Observatory
Prescott Observatory is an observatory that is used by Paul G.

20164 Janzajíc
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1996.

20187 Janapittichová
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 14, 1997.

20197 Enriques
20197 Enriques  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 14, 1997 by P.

23452 Drew
23452 Drew  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 18, 1988 by C.

23455 Fumi
23455 Fumi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 5, 1988 by T.

Falconiformes
Theder Falconiformes is a group about 290 species birds that include diurnal birds prey.

23457 Beiderbecke
23457 Beiderbecke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 5, 1989 by M.

14564 Heasley
14564 Heasley  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 26, 1998 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

14567 Nicovincenti
14567 Nicovincenti  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 19, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

14550 Lehký
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 27, 1997.

14551 Itagaki
14551 Itagaki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1997 by T.

Şuia River
The Şuia River is a tributary Olpret River inia.

Răstolţ River
The Răstolţ River is a tributary Agrij River inia.

Sălaj River
The Sălaj River is a tributary Someş River inia.

Nadiş River
The Nadiş River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Asuaj River
The Asuaj River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Cioara River (Sălaj)
The Cioara River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Urmeniş River (Sălaj)
The Urmeniş River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Tămăşeşti River (Sălaj)
The Tămăşeşti River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Mineu River
The Mineu River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Căminul River
The Căminul River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Oarţa River
The Oarţa River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Stânjaru River
The Stânjaru River is a tributary Oarţa River inia.

Băseşti River
The Băseşti River is a tributary Sălaj River inia.

Trapezia River
The Trapezia River is a tributary Nemţişor River inia.

Pârâul Rău (Târzia)
The Pârâul Rău is a tributary Târzia River inia.

Slătioara River (Brusturi)
The Slătioara River is a tributary Târzia River inia.

Botoşana River (Suha)
The Botoşana River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Brăteasca River
The Brăteasca River is a tributary Suha River inia.

Putna Mică River
The Putna Mică River is a headwater Putna River inia.

Pârâul Roşu (Putna)
The Pârâul Roşu Putna Mare River is a headwater Putna River inia.

Cârstea River
The Cârstea River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Tiniş River
The Tiniş River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Putnişoara River (Moldova)
The Putnişoara River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Şandru River (Putna)
The Şandru River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Văcăria River (Putna)
The Văcăria River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Pârâul Frumos (Putna)
The Pârâul Frumos Frumosu River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Samson, Alabama
Samson is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.

Saraland, Alabama
Saraland is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in United States, a suburb Mobile, Alabama.

Satsuma, Alabama
Satsuma is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.

Scottsboro, Alabama
Scottsboro is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States, is included in Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.

Selma, Alabama
Selma is a city in county seat Dallas County, Alabama, United States, located on banks Alabama River.

Sheffield, Alabama
Sheffield is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States, is included in The Shoals MSA.

Slocomb, Alabama
Slocomb is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.

Smiths Station, Alabama
Smiths Station is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States.

Stevenson, Alabama
Stevenson is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States, is included in Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.

Spanish Fort, Alabama
Spanish Fort is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States, located on eastern shore Mobile Bay.

Southside, Alabama
Southside is a city in Etowah county in U.S.

Sulligent, Alabama
Sulligent is a city in Lamar County, Alabama, United States.

Sumiton, Alabama
Sumiton is a city in Jefferson Walker Counties in U.S.

Sylacauga, Alabama
Sylacauga is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.

Sadova, Suceava
Sadova is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Cremeneşti River
The Cremeneşti River is a tributaryu River inia.

Roşcova River
The Roşcova River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Raşca River
The Raşca River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Săcrieş River
The Săcrieş River  is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Deia River (Moldoviţa)
The Deia River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Deiţa River
The Deiţa River is a tributary Deia River inia.

Lupoaia River (Moldova)
The Lupoaia River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Dragoşa River
The Dragoşa River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Frumosu River (Moldoviţa)
The Frumosu River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Demăcuşa River
The Demăcuşa River is a tributary Moldoviţa River inia.

Petac River
The Petac River Petacu River is a tributary Demăcuşa River inia.

Fireflight
Fireflight is an christian rock band whichiginated from Eustis, Florida.

Teasc
Teasc is a commune Dolj County,ia.

Christian rock
Christian rock is a type Rock music that is used bys to glorify God.

Brădetul River (Teleajen)
The Brădetul River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Pârâul lui Iepure
The Pârâul lui Iepure River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Pleşu River (Teleajen)
The Pleşu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Cheiţa River (Teleajen)
The Cheiţa River is a headwater Teleajen River inia.

Pârâul Roşu (Teleajen)
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Pârâul Cucului
The Pârâul Cucului is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Tigăile Mari River
The Tigăile Mari River is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Tigăile Mici River
The Tigăile Mici River is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Izvorul lui Manole River
The Izvorul lui Manole River is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Bratocea River
The Bratocea River is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Pârâul Caprei (Bratocea)
The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary Bratocea River inia.

Babeş River
The Babeş River is a tributary Cheiţa River inia.

Izvorul Mioarelor River (Babeş)
The Izvoarul Mioarelor River is a tributary Babeş River inia.

Valea Neagră River (Teleajen)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Mogoşu River (Teleajen)
The Mogoşu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Michael Howe (bushranger)
Michael Howe  was a famous bushranger inia, Australia.

Pârâul Stânei (Teleajen)
The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Dâmbu River
The Dâmbu River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Slănic River (Teleajen)
The Slănic River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Călmâiasa River
The Călmâiasa River is a tributary Bertea River inia.

Valea Albă River (Vărbilău)
The Valea Albă River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Valea Seacă River (Vărbilău)
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Valea Pietrei River (Vărbilău)
The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Valea Brădetului River (Vărbilău)
The Valea Brădetului River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Valea Poienii River (Vărbilău)
The Valea Poienii River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Clăbucet River (Vărbilău)
The Clăbucet River is a headwater Vărbilău River inia.

Valea Secărei River
The Valea Secărei River is a tributary Vărbilău River inia.

Carpenul River (Teleajen)
The Carpenul River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Valea Popii River (Teleajen)
The Valea Popii River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Valea Orăţii River (Teleajen)
The Valea Orăţii River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Valea Movilişului River
The Valea Movilişului River is a tributary Teleajen River inia.

Duţca River
The Duţca River is a tributary Valea Fetei River inia.

Valea Varniţelor River
The Valea Varniţelor River is a tributary Valea Fetei River inia.

Pârâul Roşu (Azuga)
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Neil Peart
Neil Peart  is a musician author.

Valea Lacului Roşu River
The Valea Lacului Roşu River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Ştevia River (Azuga)
The Ştevia River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Valea Roşie River (Azuga)
The Valea Roşie River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Unghia Mică River
The Unghia Mică River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Unghia Mare River
The Unghia Mare River Frumoasa River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Ceauşoaia River
The Ceauşoaia River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Limbăşelu River
The Limbăşelu River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Cenuşeroaia River
The Cenuşeroaia River is a tributary Limbăşelu River inia.

Limbăşelu Mare River
The Limbăşelu Mare River is a headwater Limbăşelu River inia.

Limbăşelu Mic River
The Limbăşelu Mic River is a headwater Limbăşelu River inia.

Căşăria River (Azuga)
The Căşăria River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Valea Pichetului River
The Valea Pichetului River is a tributary Azuga River inia.

Râul Sticlăriei
The Râul Sticlăriei is a tributarya River inia.

Communes Sarthe department
There are 375 communes in Sarthe "département", ince.

Aigné
Aigné is a commune.

Aillières-Beauvoir
Aillières-Beauvoir is a commune.

Allonnes, Sarthe
Allonnes is a commune.

Amné
Amné is a commune.

Ancinnes
Ancinnes is a commune.

Arçonnay
Arçonnay is a commune.

Ardenay-sur-Mérize
Ardenay-sur-Mérize is a commune.

Arnage, Sarthe
Arnage is a commune.

Arthezé
Arthezé is a commune.

Asnières-sur-Vègre
Asnières-sur-Vègre is a commune.

Assé-le-Boisne
Assé-le-Boisne is a commune.

Assé-le-Riboul
Assé-le-Riboul is a commune.

Aubigné
Aubigné is a commune.

Auvers-le-Hamon
Auvers-le-Hamon is a commune.

Auvers-sous-Montfaucon
Auvers-sous-Montfaucon is a commune.

Avesnes-en-Saosnois
Avesnes-en-Saosnois is a commune.

Avessé
Avessé is a commune.

Avezé
Avezé is a commune.

Avoise
Avoise is a commune.

Ballon, Sarthe
Ballon is a commune.

Bazouges-sur-le-Loir
Bazouges-sur-le-Loir is a commune.

Beaufay
Beaufay is a commune.

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf, Sarthe
Beaumont-Pied-de-Boeuf is a commune.

Beaumont-sur-Dême
Beaumont-sur-Dême is a commune.

Beaumont-sur-Sarthe
Beaumont-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Beillé
Beillé is a commune.

Berfay
Berfay is a commune.

Bernay-en-Champagne
Bernay-en-Champagne is a commune.

Bérus
Bérus is a commune.

Bessé-sur-Braye
Bessé-sur-Braye is a commune.

Béthon
Béthon is a commune.

Blèves
Blèves is a commune.

Boëssé-le-Sec
Boëssé-le-Sec is a commune.

Bonnétable
Bonnétable is a commune.

Bouër
Bouër is a commune.

Bouloire
Bouloire is a commune.

Bourg-le-Roi
Bourg-le-Roi is a commune.

Bousse, Sarthe
Bousse is a commune.

Brains-sur-Gée
Brains-sur-Gée is a commune.

Brette-les-Pins
Brette-les-Pins is a commune.

Briosne-lès-Sables
Briosne-lès-Sables is a commune.

Brûlon
Brûlon is a commune.

Cérans-Foulletourte
Cérans-Foulletourte is a commune.

Chahaignes
Chahaignes is a commune.

Challes, Sarthe
Challes is a commune.

Champagné
Champagné is a commune.

Champfleur
Champfleur is a commune.

Champrond
Champrond is a commune.

Changé, Sarthe
Changé is a commune.

Chantenay-Villedieu
Chantenay-Villedieu is a commune.

Chassé, Sarthe
Chassé is a commune.

Chassillé
Chassillé is a commune.

Château-du-Loir
Château-du-Loir is a commune.

Château-l'Hermitage
Château-l'Hermitage is a commune.

Chaufour-Notre-Dame
Chaufour-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Chemiré-en-Charnie
Chemiré-en-Charnie is a commune.

Chemiré-le-Gaudin
Chemiré-le-Gaudin is a commune.

Chenay, Sarthe
Chenay is a commune.

Chenu, Sarthe
Chenu is a commune.

Chérancé, Sarthe
Chérancé is a commune.

Chérisay
Chérisay is a commune.

Cherré, Sarthe
Cherré is a commune.

Cherreau
Cherreau is a commune.

Chevillé
Chevillé is a commune.

Clermont-Créans
Clermont-Créans is a commune.

Cogners
Cogners is a commune.

Commerveil
Commerveil is a commune.

Conflans-sur-Anille
Conflans-sur-Anille is a commune.

Congé-sur-Orne
Congé-sur-Orne is a commune.

Conlie
Conlie is a commune.

Connerré
Connerré is a commune.

Contilly
Contilly is a commune.

Cormes
Cormes is a commune.

Coudrecieux
Coudrecieux is a commune.

Coulaines
Coulaines is a commune.

Coulans-sur-Gée
Coulans-sur-Gée is a commune.

Coulombiers, Sarthe
Coulombiers is a commune.

Coulongé
Coulongé is a commune.

Courcebœufs
Courcebœufs is a commune.

Courcelles-la-Forêt
Courcelles-la-Forêt is a commune.

Courcemont
Courcemont is a commune.

Courcival
Courcival is a commune.

Courdemanche, Sarthe
Courdemanche is a commune.

Courgains
Courgains is a commune.

Courgenard
Courgenard is a commune.

Courtillers
Courtillers is a commune.

Crannes-en-Champagne
Crannes-en-Champagne is a commune.

Cré
Cré is a commune.

Crissé
Crissé is a commune.

Crosmières
Crosmières is a commune.

Cures, Sarthe
Cures is a commune.

Dangeul
Dangeul is a commune.

Degré
Degré is a commune.

Dehault
Dehault is a commune.

Dissay-sous-Courcillon
Dissay-sous-Courcillon is a commune.

Dissé-sous-Ballon
Dissé-sous-Ballon is a commune.

Dissé-sous-le-Lude
Dissé-sous-le-Lude is a commune.

Dollon
Dollon is a commune.

Domfront-en-Champagne
Domfront-en-Champagne is a commune.

Doucelles
Doucelles is a commune.

Douillet
Douillet is a commune.

Duneau
Duneau is a commune.

Dureil
Dureil is a commune.

Écommoy
Écommoy is a commune.

Écorpain
Écorpain is a commune.

Épineu-le-Chevreuil
Épineu-le-Chevreuil is a commune.

Étival-lès-le-Mans
Étival-lès-le-Mans is a commune.

Évaillé
Évaillé is a commune.

Fatines
Fatines is a commune.

Fay, Sarthe
Fay is a commune.

Fercé-sur-Sarthe
Fercé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Fillé
Fillé is a commune.

Flée, Sarthe
Flée is a commune.

Fontenay-sur-Vègre
Fontenay-sur-Vègre is a commune.

Fresnay-sur-Sarthe
Fresnay-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Fyé
Fyé is a commune.

Gesnes-le-Gandelin
Gesnes-le-Gandelin is a commune.

Grandchamp, Sarthe
Grandchamp is a commune.

Gréez-sur-Roc
Gréez-sur-Roc is a commune.

Guécélard
Guécélard is a commune.

Jauzé
Jauzé is a commune.

Joué-en-Charnie
Joué-en-Charnie is a commune.

Joué-l'Abbé
Joué-l'Abbé is a commune.

Juigné-sur-Sarthe
Juigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Juillé, Sarthe
Juillé is a commune.

Jupilles
Jupilles is a commune.

La Bazoge, Sarthe
La Bazoge is a commune.

La Bosse, Sarthe
La Bosse is a commune.

La Bruère-sur-Loir
La Bruère-sur-Loir is a commune.

La Chapelle-aux-Choux
La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune.

La Chapelle-d'Aligné
La Chapelle-d'Aligné is a commune.

La Chapelle-du-Bois
La Chapelle-du-Bois is a commune.

La Chapelle-Gaugain
La Chapelle-Gaugain is a commune.

La Chapelle-Huon
La Chapelle-Huon is a commune.

La Chapelle-Saint-Aubin
La Chapelle-Saint-Aubin is a commune.

La Chapelle-Saint-Fray
La Chapelle-Saint-Fray is a commune.

La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy
La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy is a commune.

La Chartre-sur-le-Loir
La Chartre-sur-le-Loir is a commune.

La Ferté-Bernard
La Ferté-Bernard is a commune.

La Flèche
La Flèche is a commune.

La Fontaine-Saint-Martin
La Fontaine-Saint-Martin is a commune.

La Fresnaye-sur-Chédouet
La Fresnaye-sur-Chédouet is a commune.

La Guierche
La Guierche is a commune.

La Milesse
La Milesse is a commune.

La Quinte
La Quinte is a commune.

La Suze-sur-Sarthe
La Suze-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Laigné-en-Belin
Laigné-en-Belin is a commune.

Lamnay
Lamnay is a commune.

Lavardin, Sarthe
Lavardin is a commune.

Lavaré
Lavaré is a commune.

Lavenay
Lavenay is a commune.

Lavernat
Lavernat is a commune.

Le Bailleul
Le Bailleul is a commune.

Le Breil-sur-Mérize
Le Breil-sur-Mérize is a commune.

Le Chevain
Le Chevain is a commune.

Led-Lucé
Led-Lucé is a commune.

Le Grez
Le Grez is a commune.

Le Luart
Le Luart is a commune.

Le Lude
Le Lude is a commune.

Le Tronchet, Sarthe
Le Tronchet is a commune.

Les Aulneaux
Les Aulneaux is a commune.

Les Mées, Sarthe
Les Mées is a commune.

Lhomme
Lhomme is a commune.

Lignières-la-Carelle
Lignières-la-Carelle is a commune.

Ligron
Ligron is a commune.

Livet-en-Saosnois
Livet-en-Saosnois is a commune.

Lombron
Lombron is a commune.

Longnes, Sarthe
Longnes is a commune.

Louailles
Louailles is a commune.

Loué
Loué is a commune.

Louplande
Louplande is a commune.

Louvigny, Sarthe
Louvigny is a commune.

Louzes
Louzes is a commune.

Lucé-sous-Ballon
Lucé-sous-Ballon is a commune.

Luceau
Luceau is a commune.

Luché-Pringé
Luché-Pringé is a commune.

Maigné
Maigné is a commune.

Maisoncelles, Sarthe
Maisoncelles is a commune.

Malicorne-sur-Sarthe
Malicorne-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Mamers
Mamers is a commune.

Mansigné
Mansigné is a commune.

Marçon
Marçon is a commune.

Mareil-en-Champagne
Mareil-en-Champagne is a commune.

Mareil-sur-Loir
Mareil-sur-Loir is a commune.

Maresché
Maresché is a commune.

Marigné-Laillé
Marigné-Laillé is a commune.

Marolles-les-Braults
Marolles-les-Braults is a commune.

Marolles-lès-Saint-Calais
Marolles-lès-Saint-Calais is a commune.

Marollette
Marollette is a commune.

Mayet
Mayet is a commune.

Melleray, Sarthe
Melleray is a commune.

Meurcé
Meurcé is a commune.

Mézeray, Sarthe
Mézeray is a commune.

Mézières-sous-Lavardin
Mézières-sous-Lavardin is a commune.

Mézières-sur-Ponthouin
Mézières-sur-Ponthouin is a commune.

Moitron-sur-Sarthe
Moitron-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Moncé-en-Belin
Moncé-en-Belin is a commune.

Moncé-en-Saosnois
Moncé-en-Saosnois is a commune.

Monhoudou
Monhoudou is a commune.

Mont-Saint, Sarthe
Mont-Saint is a commune.

Montabon
Montabon is a commune.

Montaillé
Montaillé is a commune.

Montbizot
Montbizot is a commune.

Montfort-le-Gesnois
Montfort-le-Gesnois is a commune.

Montigny, Sarthe
Montigny is a commune.

Montmirail, Sarthe
Montmirail is a commune.

Montreuil-le-Chétif
Montreuil-le-Chétif is a commune.

Montreuil-le-Henri
Montreuil-le-Henri is a commune.

Moulins-le-Carbonnel
Moulins-le-Carbonnel is a commune.

Mulsanne
Mulsanne is a commune.

Nauvay
Nauvay is a commune.

Neufchâtel-en-Saosnois
Neufchâtel-en-Saosnois is a commune.

Neuvillalais
Neuvillalais is a commune.

Neuville-sur-Sarthe
Neuville-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Neuvillette-en-Charnie
Neuvillette-en-Charnie is a commune.

Neuvy-en-Champagne
Neuvy-en-Champagne is a commune.

Nogent-le-Bernard
Nogent-le-Bernard is a commune.

Nogent-sur-Loir
Nogent-sur-Loir is a commune.

Notre-Dame-du-Pé
Notre-Dame-du-Pé is a commune.

Nouans
Nouans is a commune.

Noyen-sur-Sarthe
Noyen-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Nuillé-le-Jalais
Nuillé-le-Jalais is a commune.

Oisseau-le-Petit
Oisseau-le-Petit is a commune.

Oizé
Oizé is a commune.

Panon, Sarthe
Panon is a commune.

Parcé-sur-Sarthe
Parcé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Parennes
Parennes is a commune.

Parigné-l'Évêque
Parigné-l'Évêque is a commune.

Parigné-le-Pôlin
Parigné-le-Pôlin is a commune.

Peray
Peray is a commune.

Pezé-le-Robert
Pezé-le-Robert is a commune.

Piacé
Piacé is a commune.

Pincé
Pincé is a commune.

Pirmil
Pirmil is a commune.

Pizieux
Pizieux is a commune.

Poillé-sur-Vègre
Poillé-sur-Vègre is a commune.

Poncé-sur-le-Loir
Poncé-sur-le-Loir is a commune.

Pontvallain
Pontvallain is a commune.

Précigné
Précigné is a commune.

Préval
Préval is a commune.

Prévelles
Prévelles is a commune.

Pruillé-l'Éguillé
Pruillé-l'Éguillé is a commune.

Pruillé-le-Chétif
Pruillé-le-Chétif is a commune.

Rahay
Rahay is a commune.

René, Sarthe
René is a commune.

Requeil
Requeil is a commune.

Roézé-sur-Sarthe
Roézé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Rouessé-Fontaine
Rouessé-Fontaine is a commune.

Rouessé-Vassé
Rouessé-Vassé is a commune.

Rouez
Rouez is a commune.

Rouillon
Rouillon is a commune.

Roullée
Roullée is a commune.

Rouperroux-le-Coquet
Rouperroux-le-Coquet is a commune.

Ruaudin
Ruaudin is a commune.

Ruillé-en-Champagne
Ruillé-en-Champagne is a commune.

Ruillé-sur-Loir
Ruillé-sur-Loir is a commune.

Sablé-sur-Sarthe
Sablé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Saint, Sarthe
Saint is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-de-Locquenay
Saint-Aubin-de-Locquenay is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-des-Coudrais
Saint-Aubin-des-Coudrais is a commune.

Saint-Biez-en-Belin
Saint-Biez-en-Belin is a commune.

Saint-Calais
Saint-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Calez-en-Saosnois
Saint-Calez-en-Saosnois is a commune.

Saint-Célerin
Saint-Célerin is a commune.

Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet
Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet is a commune.

Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne
Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne is a commune.

Saint-Corneille
Saint-Corneille is a commune.

Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais
Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais is a commune.

Saint-Denis-d'Orques
Saint-Denis-d'Orques is a commune.

Saint-Denis-des-Coudrais
Saint-Denis-des-Coudrais is a commune.

Saint-Georges-de-la-Couée
Saint-Georges-de-la-Couée is a commune.

Saint-Georges-du-Bois, Sarthe
Saint-Georges-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Georges-du-Rosay
Saint-Georges-du-Rosay is a commune.

Saint-Georges-le-Gaultier
Saint-Georges-le-Gaultier is a commune.

Saint-Germain-d'Arcé
Saint-Germain-d'Arcé is a commune.

Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe
Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Saint-Gervais-de-Vic
Saint-Gervais-de-Vic is a commune.

Saint-Gervais-en-Belin
Saint-Gervais-en-Belin is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-le-Lierru
Saint-Hilaire-le-Lierru is a commune.

Saint-d'Assé
Saint-d'Assé is a commune.

Saint-de-la-Motte
Saint-de-la-Motte is a commune.

Saint-des-Échelles
Saint-des-Échelles is a commune.

Saint-du-Bois
Saint-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Léonard-des-Bois
Saint-Léonard-des-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Longis
Saint-Longis is a commune.

Saint-Maixent
Saint-Maixent is a commune.

Saint-Marceau, Sarthe
Saint-Marceau is a commune.

Saint-Mars-d'Outillé
Saint-Mars-d'Outillé is a commune.

Saint-Mars-de-Locquenay
Saint-Mars-de-Locquenay is a commune.

Saint-Mars-la-Brière
Saint-Mars-la-Brière is a commune.

Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon
Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon is a commune.

Saint-Martin-des-Monts
Saint-Martin-des-Monts is a commune.

Saint-Michel-de-Chavaignes
Saint-Michel-de-Chavaignes is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-de-Mimbré
Saint-Ouen-de-Mimbré is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-en-Belin
Saint-Ouen-en-Belin is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne
Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne is a commune.

Sainte
Sainte is a commune.

Saint-Paul-le-Gaultier
Saint-Paul-le-Gaultier is a commune.

Saint-Pavace
Saint-Pavace is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-de-Chevillé
Saint-Pierre-de-Chevillé is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-des-Bois
Saint-Pierre-des-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes
Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-du-Lorouër
Saint-Pierre-du-Lorouër is a commune.

Saint-Rémy-de-Sillé
Saint-Rémy-de-Sillé is a commune.

Saint-Rémy-des-Monts
Saint-Rémy-des-Monts is a commune.

Saint-Rémy-du-Val
Saint-Rémy-du-Val is a commune.

Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois
Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Saturnin, Sarthe
Saint-Saturnin is a commune.

Saint-Symphorien, Sarthe
Saint-Symphorien is a commune.

Saint-Ulphace
Saint-Ulphace is a commune.

Saint-Victeur
Saint-Victeur is a commune.

Saint-Vincent-des-Prés, Sarthe
Saint-Vincent-des-Prés is a commune.

Saint-Vincent-du-Lorouër
Saint-Vincent-du-Lorouër is a commune.

Sainte-Cérotte
Sainte-Cérotte is a commune.

Sainte-Jamme-sur-Sarthe
Sainte-Jamme-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Saintee
Saintee is a commune.

Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève
Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève is a commune.

Saosnes
Saosnes is a commune.

Sarcé
Sarcé is a commune.

Sargé-lès-le-Mans
Sargé-lès-le-Mans is a commune.

Savigné-l'Évêque
Savigné-l'Évêque is a commune.

Savigné-sous-le-Lude
Savigné-sous-le-Lude is a commune.

Sceaux-sur-Huisne
Sceaux-sur-Huisne is a commune.

Ségrie
Ségrie is a commune.

Semur-en-Vallon
Semur-en-Vallon is a commune.

Sillé-le-Guillaume
Sillé-le-Guillaume is a commune.

Sillé-le-Philippe
Sillé-le-Philippe is a commune.

Solesmes, Sarthe
Solesmes is a commune.

Sougé-le-Ganelon
Sougé-le-Ganelon is a commune.

Souillé
Souillé is a commune.

Souligné-Flacé
Souligné-Flacé is a commune.

Souligné-sous-Ballon
Souligné-sous-Ballon is a commune.

Soulitré
Soulitré is a commune.

Souvigné-sur-Même
Souvigné-sur-Même is a commune.

Souvigné-sur-Sarthe
Souvigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Spay, Sarthe
Spay is a commune.

Surfonds
Surfonds is a commune.

Tassé
Tassé is a commune.

Tassillé
Tassillé is a commune.

Teillé, Sarthe
Teillé is a commune.

Teloché
Teloché is a commune.

Tennie
Tennie is a commune.

Terrehault
Terrehault is a commune.

Théligny
Théligny is a commune.

Thoigné
Thoigné is a commune.

Thoiré-sous-Contensor
Thoiré-sous-Contensor is a commune.

Thoiré-sur
Thoiré-sur is a commune.

Thorée-les-Pins
Thorée-les-Pins is a commune.

Thorigné-sur-Dué
Thorigné-sur-Dué is a commune.

Torcé-en-Vallée
Torcé-en-Vallée is a commune.

Trangé
Trangé is a commune.

Tresson
Tresson is a commune.

Tuffé
Tuffé is a commune.

Vaas, Sarthe
Vaas is a commune.

Valennes
Valennes is a commune.

Vallon-sur-Gée
Vallon-sur-Gée is a commune.

Vancé
Vancé is a commune.

Verneil-le-Chétif
Verneil-le-Chétif is a commune.

Vernie
Vernie is a commune.

Vezot
Vezot is a commune.

Vibraye
Vibraye is a commune.

Villaines-la-Carelle
Villaines-la-Carelle is a commune.

Villaines-la-Gonais
Villaines-la-Gonais is a commune.

Villaines-sous-Lucé
Villaines-sous-Lucé is a commune.

Villaines-sous-Malicorne
Villaines-sous-Malicorne is a commune.

Vion, Sarthe
Vion is a commune.

Viré-en-Champagne
Viré-en-Champagne is a commune.

Vivoin
Vivoin is a commune.

Voivres-lès-le-Mans
Voivres-lès-le-Mans is a commune.

Volnay, Sarthe
Volnay is a commune.

Vouvray-sur-Huisne
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune.

Vouvray-sur-Loir
Vouvray-sur-Loir is a commune.

Yvré-l'Évêque
Yvré-l'Évêque is a commune.

Yvré-le-Pôlin
Yvré-le-Pôlin is a commune.

Communes Vendée department
There are 282 communes in Vendée "département", ince.

Aizenay
Aizenay is a commune.

Angles, Vendée
Angles is a commune.

Antigny, Vendée
Antigny is a commune.

Apremont, Vendée
Apremont is a commune.

Aubigny, Vendée
Aubigny is a commune.

Auzay
Auzay is a commune.

Avrillé, Vendée
Avrillé is a commune.

Barbâtre
Barbâtre is a commune.

Bazoges-en-Paillers
Bazoges-en-Paillers is a commune.

Bazoges-en-Pareds
Bazoges-en-Pareds is a commune.

Beaufou
Beaufou is a commune.

Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche
Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche is a commune.

Beaurepaire, Vendée
Beaurepaire is a commune.

Beauvoir-sur-Mer
Beauvoir-sur-Mer is a commune.

Belleville-sur-Vie
Belleville-sur-Vie is a commune.

Benet, Vendée
Benet is a commune.

Bessay
Bessay is a commune.

Bois-de-Céné
Bois-de-Céné is a commune.

Boufféré
Boufféré is a commune.

Bouillé-Courdault
Bouillé-Courdault is a commune.

Bouin, Vendée
Bouin is a commune.

Boulogne, Vendée
Boulogne is a commune.

Bourneau
Bourneau is a commune.

Bournezeau
Bournezeau is a commune.

Brem-sur-Mer
Brem-sur-Mer is a commune.

Bretignolles-sur-Mer
Bretignolles-sur-Mer is a commune.

Breuil-Barret
Breuil-Barret is a commune.

Cezais
Cezais is a commune.

Chaillé-les-Marais
Chaillé-les-Marais is a commune.

Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux
Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux is a commune.

Chaix
Chaix is a commune.

Challans
Challans is a commune.

Chambretaud
Chambretaud is a commune.

Champagné-les-Marais
Champagné-les-Marais is a commune.

Chantonnay
Chantonnay is a commune.

Chasnais
Chasnais is a commune.

Château-d'Olonne
Château-d'Olonne is a commune.

Château-Guibert
Château-Guibert is a commune.

Châteauneuf, Vendée
Châteauneuf is a commune.

Chauché
Chauché is a commune.

Chavagnes-en-Paillers
Chavagnes-en-Paillers is a commune.

Chavagnes-les-Redoux
Chavagnes-les-Redoux is a commune.

Cheffois
Cheffois is a commune.

Coëx
Coëx is a commune.

Commequiers
Commequiers is a commune.

Corpe
Corpe is a commune.

Cugand
Cugand is a commune.

Curzon, Vendée
Curzon is a commune.

Damvix
Damvix is a commune.

Doix
Doix is a commune.

Dompierre-sur-Yon
Dompierre-sur-Yon is a commune.

Falleron
Falleron is a commune.

Faymoreau
Faymoreau is a commune.

Fontaines, Vendée
Fontaines is a commune.

Fontenay-le-Comte
Fontenay-le-Comte is a commune.

Fougeré, Vendée
Fougeré is a commune.

Foussais-Payré
Foussais-Payré is a commune.

Froidfond
Froidfond is a commune.

Givrand
Givrand is a commune.

Grand'Landes
Grand'Landes is a commune.

Grosbreuil
Grosbreuil is a commune.

Grues, Vendée
Grues is a commune.

Île d'Yeu
Île d'Yeu is a commune.

Jard-sur-Mer
Jard-sur-Mer is a commune.

L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer
L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer is a commune.

L'Aiguillon-sur-Vie
L'Aiguillon-sur-Vie is a commune.

L'Épine, Vendée
L'Épine is a commune.

L'Herbergement
L'Herbergement is a commune.

L'Hermenault
L'Hermenault is a commune.

L'Île-d'Elle
L'Île-d'Elle is a commune.

L'Île-d'Olonne
L'Île-d'Olonne is a commune.

L'Oie
L'Oie is a commune.

L'Orbrie
L'Orbrie is a commune.

La Barre-de-Monts
La Barre-de-Monts is a commune.

La Bernardière
La Bernardière is a commune.

La Boissière-de-Montaigu
La Boissière-de-Montaigu is a commune.

La Boissière-des-Landes
La Boissière-des-Landes is a commune.

La Bretonnière-la-Claye
La Bretonnière-la-Claye is a commune.

La Bruffière
La Bruffière is a commune.

La Caillère-Saint-Hilaire
La Caillère-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.

La Chaize-Giraud
La Chaize-Giraud is a commune.

La Chaize-le-Vicomte
La Chaize-le-Vicomte is a commune.

La Chapelle-Achard
La Chapelle-Achard is a commune.

La Chapelle-aux-Lys
La Chapelle-aux-Lys is a commune.

La Chapelle-Hermier
La Chapelle-Hermier is a commune.

La Chapelle-Palluau
La Chapelle-Palluau is a commune.

La Chapelle-Thémer
La Chapelle-Thémer is a commune.

La Châtaigneraie
La Châtaigneraie is a commune.

La Copechagnière
La Copechagnière is a commune.

La Couture, Vendée
La Couture is a commune.

La Faute-sur-Mer
La Faute-sur-Mer is a commune.

La Ferrière, Vendée
La Ferrière is a commune.

La Flocellière
La Flocellière is a commune.

La Garnache
La Garnache is a commune.

La Gaubretière
La Gaubretière is a commune.

La Génétouze
La Génétouze is a commune.

La Guérinière
La Guérinière is a commune.

La Guyonnière
La Guyonnière is a commune.

La Jaudonnière
La Jaudonnière is a commune.

La Jonchère
La Jonchère is a commune.

La Meilleraie-Tillay
La Meilleraie-Tillay is a commune.

La Merlatière
La Merlatière is a commune.

La Mothe-Achard
La Mothe-Achard is a commune.

La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre
La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre is a commune.

La Rabatelière
La Rabatelière is a commune.

La Réorthe
La Réorthe is a commune.

La Roche-sur-Yon
La Roche-sur-Yon is a commune.

La Taillée
La Taillée is a commune.

La Tardière
La Tardière is a commune.

Lache-sur-Mer
Lache-sur-Mer is a commune.

La Verrie
La Verrie is a commune.

Lairoux
Lairoux is a commune.

Landeronde
Landeronde is a commune.

Landevieille
Landevieille is a commune.

Le Bernard
Le Bernard is a commune.

Le Boupère
Le Boupère is a commune.

Le Champ-Saint-Père
Le Champ-Saint-Père is a commune.

Le Fenouiller
Le Fenouiller is a commune.

Le Girouard
Le Girouard is a commune.

Le Givre
Le Givre is a commune.

Le Gué-de-Velluire
Le Gué-de-Velluire is a commune.

Le Langon
Le Langon is a commune.

Le Mazeau
Le Mazeau is a commune.

Le Perrier
Le Perrier is a commune.

Le Poiré-sur-Velluire
Le Poiré-sur-Velluire is a commune.

Le Poiré-sur-Vie
Le Poiré-sur-Vie is a commune.

Le Tablier
Le Tablier is a commune.

Les Brouzils
Les Brouzils is a commune.

Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur
Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur is a commune.

Les Clouzeaux
Les Clouzeaux is a commune.

Les Epesses
Les Epesses is a commune.

Les Essarts, Vendée
Les Essarts is a commune.

Les Herbiers
Les Herbiers is a commune.

Les Landes-Genusson
Les Landes-Genusson is a commune.

Les Lucs-sur-Boulogne
Les Lucs-sur-Boulogne is a commune.

Les Magnils-Reigniers
Les Magnils-Reigniers is a commune.

Les Pineaux
Les Pineaux is a commune.

Les Sables-d'Olonne
Les Sables-d'Olonne is a commune.

Liez, Vendée
Liez is a commune.

Loge-Fougereuse
Loge-Fougereuse is a commune.

Longèves, Vendée
Longèves is a commune.

Longeville-sur-Mer
Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Luçon
Luçon is a commune.

Maché
Maché is a commune.

Maillé, Vendée
Maillé is a commune.

Maillezais
Maillezais is a commune.

Mallièvre
Mallièvre is a commune.

Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais
Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais is a commune.

Marillet
Marillet is a commune.

Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde
Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde is a commune.

Martinet
Martinet is a commune.

Menomblet
Menomblet is a commune.

Mervent
Mervent is a commune.

Mesnard-la-Barotière
Mesnard-la-Barotière is a commune.

Monsireigne
Monsireigne is a commune.

Montaigu, Vendée
Montaigu is a commune.

Montournais
Montournais is a commune.

Montreuil, Vendée
Montreuil is a commune.

Moreilles
Moreilles is a commune.

Mormaison
Mormaison is a commune.

Mortagne-sur-Sèvre
Mortagne-sur-Sèvre is a commune.

Mouchamps
Mouchamps is a commune.

Mouilleron-en-Pareds
Mouilleron-en-Pareds is a commune.

Mouilleron-le-Captif
Mouilleron-le-Captif is a commune.

Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits
Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits is a commune.

Moutiers-sur-le-Lay
Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune.

Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin
Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin is a commune.

Nalliers, Vendée
Nalliers is a commune.

Nesmy
Nesmy is a commune.

Nieul-le-Dolent
Nieul-le-Dolent is a commune.

Nieul-sur-l'Autise
Nieul-sur-l'Autise is a commune.

Noirmoutier-en-l'Île
Noirmoutier-en-l'Île is a commune.

Notre-Dame-de-Monts
Notre-Dame-de-Monts is a commune.

Notre-Dame-de-Riez
Notre-Dame-de-Riez is a commune.

Olonne-sur-Mer
Olonne-sur-Mer is a commune.

Oulmes
Oulmes is a commune.

Palluau
Palluau is a commune.

Péault
Péault is a commune.

Petosse
Petosse is a commune.

Pissotte
Pissotte is a commune.

Poiroux
Poiroux is a commune.

Pouillé, Vendée
Pouillé is a commune.

Pouzauges
Pouzauges is a commune.

Puy-de-Serre
Puy-de-Serre is a commune.

Puyravault, Vendée
Puyravault is a commune.

Réaumur, Vendée
Réaumur is a commune.

Rocheservière
Rocheservière is a commune.

Rochetrejoux
Rochetrejoux is a commune.

Rosnay, Vendée
Rosnay is a commune.

Saint-André-Goule-d'Oie
Saint-André-Goule-d'Oie is a commune.

Saint-André-Treize-Voies
Saint-André-Treize-Voies is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux
Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-la-Plaine
Saint-Aubin-la-Plaine is a commune.

Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes
Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes is a commune.

Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer
Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer is a commune.

Saint-Christophe-du-Ligneron
Saint-Christophe-du-Ligneron is a commune.

Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts
Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts is a commune.

Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais
Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais is a commune.

Saint-Denis-du-Payré
Saint-Denis-du-Payré is a commune.

Saint-Denis-la-Chevasse
Saint-Denis-la-Chevasse is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-de-Brillouet
Saint-Étienne-de-Brillouet is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois, Vendée
Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Florent-des-Bois
Saint-Florent-des-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Fulgent
Saint-Fulgent is a commune.

Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu
Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu is a commune.

Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux
Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay
Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay is a commune.

Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller
Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller is a commune.

Saint-Gervais, Vendée
Saint-Gervais is a commune.

Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie
Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay
Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez
Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust
Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-des-Loges
Saint-Hilaire-des-Loges is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-la-Forêt
Saint-Hilaire-la-Forêt is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-le-Vouhis
Saint-Hilaire-le-Vouhis is a commune.

Saint-de-Beugné
Saint-de-Beugné is a commune.

Saint-de-Monts
Saint-de-Monts is a commune.

Saint-Juire-Champgillon
Saint-Juire-Champgillon is a commune.

Saint-Julien-des-Landes
Saint-Julien-des-Landes is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle
Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre
Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre is a commune.

Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie
Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie is a commune.

Saint-Malô-du-Bois
Saint-Malô-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Mars-la-Réorthe
Saint-Mars-la-Réorthe is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau
Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau is a commune.

Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines
Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines is a commune.

Saint-Martin-des-Noyers
Saint-Martin-des-Noyers is a commune.

Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls
Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Lars-en-Sainte-Hermine
Saint-Martin-Lars-en-Sainte-Hermine is a commune.

Saint-Mathurin
Saint-Mathurin is a commune.

Saint-Maurice-des-Noues
Saint-Maurice-des-Noues is a commune.

Saint-Maurice-le-Girard
Saint-Maurice-le-Girard is a commune.

Saint-Mesmin, Vendée
Saint-Mesmin is a commune.

Saint-Michel-en-l'Herm
Saint-Michel-en-l'Herm is a commune.

Saint-Michel-le-Cloucq
Saint-Michel-le-Cloucq is a commune.

Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure
Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure is a commune.

Saint-Paul-en-Pareds
Saint-Paul-en-Pareds is a commune.

Saint-Paul-Mont-Penit
Saint-Paul-Mont-Penit is a commune.

Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine
Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin
Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux, Vendée
Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux is a commune.

Saintt
Saintt is a commune.

Saint-Révérend
Saint-Révérend is a commune.

Saint-Sigismond, Vendée
Saint-Sigismond is a commune.

Saint-Sulpice-en-Pareds
Saint-Sulpice-en-Pareds is a commune.

Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon
Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon is a commune.

Saint-Urbain, Vendée
Saint-Urbain is a commune.

Saint-Valérien, Vendée
Saint-Valérien is a commune.

Saint-Vincentges
Saint-Vincentges is a commune.

Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon
Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon is a commune.

Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard
Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard is a commune.

Sainte-Cécile, Vendée
Sainte-Cécile is a commune.

Sainte-Flaive-des-Loups
Sainte-Flaive-des-Loups is a commune.

Sainte-Florence, Vendée
Sainte-Florence is a commune.

Sainte-Foy, Vendée
Sainte-Foy is a commune.

Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine
Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine is a commune.

Sainte-Hermine
Sainte-Hermine is a commune.

Sainte-Pexine
Sainte-Pexine is a commune.

Sainte-Radégonde-des-Noyers
Sainte-Radégonde-des-Noyers is a commune.

Saligny, Vendée
Saligny is a commune.

Sallertaine
Sallertaine is a commune.

Sérigné
Sérigné is a commune.

Sigournais
Sigournais is a commune.

Soullans
Soullans is a commune.

Tallud-Sainte-Gemme
Tallud-Sainte-Gemme is a commune.

Talmont-Saint-Hilaire
Talmont-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.

Thiré
Thiré is a commune.

Thorigny
Thorigny is a commune.

Thouarsais-Bouildroux
Thouarsais-Bouildroux is a commune.

Tiffauges
Tiffauges is a commune.

Treize-Septiers
Treize-Septiers is a commune.

Treize-Vents
Treize-Vents is a commune.

Triaize
Triaize is a commune.

Vairé
Vairé is a commune.

Velluire
Velluire is a commune.

Venansault
Venansault is a commune.

Vendrennes
Vendrennes is a commune.

Vix, Vendée
Vix is a commune.

Vouillé-les-Marais
Vouillé-les-Marais is a commune.

Vouvant
Vouvant is a commune.

Xanton-Chassenon
Xanton-Chassenon is a commune.

Umberto I Italy
Umberto I was King Italy from 1878 through 1900.

Slaniţa River
Theiţa River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Câmpului River (Prahova)
The Valea Câmpului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Ursoaia Mare River
The Ursoaia Mare River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Puturosu River (Prahova)
The Puturosu River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Florei River (Prahova)
The Florei River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Grecului River (Prahova)
The Valea Grecului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Babei River (Prahova)
The Valea Babei River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Obielei River
The Valea Obielei River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Iancului River
The Valea Iancului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Seciului River
The Valea Seciului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Jepilor River
The Valea Jepilor River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Spumoasă River
The Valea Spumoasă River is a tributary Valea Jepilor River inia.

Valea Brusturilor River
The Valea Brusturilor River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Fabricii River
The Valea Fabricii River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Valea Dracului River (Prahova)
The Valea Dracului River is a tributary Prahova River inia.

Buzoel River
The Buzoel River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Nişcov River
The Nişcov River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Bâsca Chiojdului River
The Bâsca Chiojdului River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Zeletin River (Bâsca Chiojdului)
The Zeletin River is a tributary Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Stupina River (Zeletin)
The Stupina River is a tributary Zeletin River inia.

Chiojdul River (Bâsca Chiojdului)
The Chiojdul River is a tributary Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Valea Anei River
The Valea Anei River is a tributary Chiojdul River inia.

Chiojdul Mare River
The Chiojdul Mare River is a headwater Chiojdul River inia.

Valea Screzii River
The Valea Screzii River is a tributary Chiojdul Mare River inia.

Valea Plopului River
The Valea Plopului River is a tributary Chiojdul Mare River inia.

Chiojdul Mic River
The Chiojdul Mic River is a headwater Chiojdul River inia.

Râul Murătoarei
The Râul Murătoarei is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Colnic River
The Colnic River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Manole River (Bâsca Chiojdului)
The Manole River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Plescioara River (Bâsca Chiojdului)
The Plescioara River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Preseaca River
Theaca River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Râul Păcurei
The Pârâul Păcurei is a tributary Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Chiojdu
Chiojdu  is a commune Buzău County inia.

Lera River
The Lera River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Cislău
Cislău is a commune Buzău County inia.

Smăciniş River
The Smăciniş River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Căcăcei River
The Căcăcei River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Bâsca fără Cale River
The Bâsca fără Cale River is a tributary to Bâsca Chiojdului River inia.

Nehoiu River
The Nehoiu River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Nehoiu
Nehoiu is a town Buzău County inia.

Amaru, Buzău
Amaru is a rural municipality Buzău County inia.

Bălăceanu
Bălăceanu is a rural municipality Buzău County inia.

Bonţu Mare River
The Bonţu Mare River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Siriu River
The Siriu River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Siriu Mare River
The Siriu Mare River is a headwater Siriu River inia.

Morcovoaia River
The Morcovoaia River is a tributary Siriu Mare River inia.

Milea River (Siriu)
The Milea River Milea Siriului River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Mreaja River
The Mreaja River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Siriu Mic River
The Siriu Mic River is a headwater Siriu River inia.

Siriaşu River
The Siriaşu River is a tributary Siriu Mic River inia.

Condrea River
The Condrea River is a tributary Siriu Mic River inia.

Roşia Mare River
The Roşia Mare River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Merişor River (Birchii)
The Merişor River is a tributary Birchii River inia.

Molidu River
The Molidu River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Monteoru River
The Monteoru River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Valea Popii River (Siriu)
The Valea Popii River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Vaca Mare River
The Vaca Mare River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Vaca Mică River
The Vaca Mică River is a tributary Siriu River inia.

Bradu River (Buzău)
The Bradu River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Izvorul Negru River (Buzău)
The Izvorul Negru River Valea Neagră River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Crasna River (Buzău)
The Crasna River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Urlătoarea River (Crasna)
The Urlătoarea River is a tributary Crasna River inia.

Urlătoarea Mare River (Crasna)
The Urlătoarea Mare River is a headwater Urlătoarea River inia.

Urlătoarea Mică River (Crasna)
The Urlătoarea Mică River is a headwater Urlătoarea River inia.

Manea River
The Manea River is a tributary Crasna River inia.

Costeşti River (Bistriţa)
The Costeşti River Valea Pietrenilor River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Pârâul lui Ignat
The Pârâul lui Ignat is a tributary Costeşti River inia.

Pârâul Sec (Costeşti)
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary Costeşti River inia.

Curmătura River (Costeşti)
The Curmătura River is a tributary Costeşti River inia.

Ghelălău River
The Ghelălău River is a tributary Costeşti River inia.

Otăsău River
The Otăsău River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Tisa River (Otăsău)
The Tisa River is a tributary Otăsău River inia.

Valea Sărată River (Otăsău)
The Valea Sărată River is a tributary Otăsău River inia.

Valea Rece River (Bistriţa)
The Valea Rece River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Cuca River (Olt)
The Cuca River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Gurgui River
The Gurgui River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Iazul Morţilor River
The Iazul Morţilor River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Bahlui)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Hoiseşti River
The Hoiseşti River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Măgura River (Bahlui)
The Măgura River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Răşcana River
The Răşcana River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Cotnari River
The Cotnari River is a tributary Răşcana River inia.

Duruşca River
The Duruşca River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Buhalniţa River (Bahlui)
The Buhalniţa River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Împuţita River
The Împuţita River Puturoasa River is a tributary Buhalniţa River.

Zlodica River
The Zlodica River is a tributary Buhalniţa River inia.

Cârjoaia River
The Cârjoaia River Văcăria River is a tributary Buhalniţa River inia.

Hamilton, Alabama
Hamilton is a city in Marion County, Alabama, United States.

Hueytown, Alabama
Hueytown is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States a suburb Birmingham near Bessemer.

Haleyville, Alabama
Haleyville is a city in Marion Winston Counties in U.S.

Hanceville, Alabama
Hanceville is a city in County, Alabama, United States.

Totoeşti River
The Totoeşti River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Hartford, Alabama
Hartford is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.

Valea Cetăţuiei River
The Valea Cetăţuiei River Valea lui Loghin River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Chiriţa River
The Chiriţa River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Valea Lungă River (Chiriţa)
The Valea Lungă River is a tributary Chiriţa River inia.

Şorogari River
The Şorogari River  is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Neagra River (Bahlui)
The Neagra River is a tributary Şorogari River inia.

Heflin, Alabama
Heflin is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States.

Headland, Alabama
Headland is a city in Henry County, Alabama, United States.

Hartselle, Alabama
Hartselle is city in County, Alabama, about 10 miles  south Decatur, is included in Decatur Area, Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.

Boldişor River
The Boldişor River is a tributary Neagra River inia.

Homewood, Alabama
Homewood is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.

Hokes Bluff, Alabama
Hokes Bluff is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States.

Helena, Alabama
Helena is a city in Jefferson Shelby Counties in U.S.

M40 motorway
The M40 motorway is a motorway between Denham, near London Solihull near Birmingham in United Kingdom.

Adâncata, Suceava
Adâncata, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Arbore
Arbore is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Baia
Baia is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Bălăceana
Bălăceana is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Bălcăuţi
Bălcăuţi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Bilca
Bilca is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Bogdăneşti, Suceava
Bogdăneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Boroaia
Boroaia is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Bosanci, Suceava
Bosanci, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Botoşana
Botoşana is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Breaza, Suceava
Breaza, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Brodina
Brodina is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Buneşti, Suceava
Buneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Burla, Suceava
Burla, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Cacica
Cacica is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Calafindeşti
Calafindeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Capu Câmpului
Capu Câmpului is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Cârlibaba
Cârlibaba is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Ciocăneşti, Suceava
Ciocăneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Ciprian Porumbescu, Suceava
Ciprian Porumbescu, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Comăneşti, Suceva
Comăneşti, Suceva is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Cornu Luncii
Cornu Luncii is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Coşna
Coşna is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Crucea, Suceava
Crucea, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Dărmăneşti, Suceava
Dărmăneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Dolheşti, Suceava
Dolheşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Dorna-Arini
Dorna-Arini is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Dorna Candrenilor
Dorna Candrenilor is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Dorneşti
Dorneşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Drăgoieşti
Drăgoieşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Drăguşeni, Suceava
Drăguşeni, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Dumbrăveni, Suceava
Dumbrăveni, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Fântâna Mare
Fântâna Mare is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Fântânele, Suceava
Fântânele, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Forăşti
Forăşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Frătăuţii Noi
Frătăuţii Noi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Frătăuţii Vechi
Frătăuţii Vechi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Frumosu
Frumosu is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Fundu Moldovei
Fundu Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Gălăneşti
Gălăneşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Grămeşti
Grămeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Grăniceşti
Grăniceşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Hănţeşti
Hănţeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Hârtop
Hârtop is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Horodnic de Jos
Horodnic de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Horodnic de Sus
Horodnic de Sus is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Horodniceni
Horodniceni is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Iacobeni, Suceava
Iacobeni, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Iaslovăţ
Iaslovăţ is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Ilişeşti
Ilişeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Ipoteşti, Suceava
Ipoteşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Izvoarele Sucevei
Izvoarele Sucevei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Mălini
Mălini is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Mănăstirea Humorului
Mănăstirea Humorului is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Marginea
Marginea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Mitocu Dragomirnei
Mitocu Dragomirnei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Moara,ia
Moara,ia is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Moldova-Suliţa
Moldova-Suliţa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Moldoviţa, Suceava
Moldoviţa, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Muşeniţa
Muşeniţa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Păltinoasa
Păltinoasa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Panaci
Panaci is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Pârteştii de Jos
Pârteştii de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Pătrăuţi
Pătrăuţi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Poiana Stampei
Poiana Stampei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Poieni-Solca
Poieni-Solca is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Pojorâta
Pojorâta is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Preuteşti
Preuteşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Putna, Suceava
Putna, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Rădăşeni
Rădăşeni is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Râşca, Suceava
Râşca, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Şaru Dornei
Şaru Dornei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Satu Mare, Suceava
Satu Mare, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Şcheia, Suceava
Şcheia, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Serbăuţi
Serbăuţi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Siminicea
Siminicea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Slatina, Suceava
Slatina, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Straja, Suceava
Straja, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Stroieşti, Suceava
Stroieşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Stulpicani
Stulpicani is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Suceviţa
Suceviţa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Todireşti, Suceava
Todireşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Udeşti
Udeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Ulma, Suceava
Ulma, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Vadu Moldovei
Vadu Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Valea Moldovei
Valea Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Vama, Suceava
Vama, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Vatra Moldoviţei
Vatra Moldoviţei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Vereşti
Vereşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Vicovu de Jos
Vicovu de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Voitinel
Voitinel is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Volovăţ
Volovăţ is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Vultureşti, Suceava
Vultureşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Zamostea
Zamostea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Zvoriştea
Zvoriştea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County,ia.

Afumaţi, Dolj
Afumaţi, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Almăj
Almăj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Amărăştii de Jos
Amărăştii de Jos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Amărăştii de Sus
Amărăştii de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Apele Vii
Apele Vii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Argetoaia
Argetoaia is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Bistreţ
Bistreţ is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Botoşeşti-Paia
Botoşeşti-Paia is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Brabova
Brabova is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Braloştiţa
Braloştiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Bratovoeşti
Bratovoeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Breasta
Breasta is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Brădeşti, Dolj
Brădeşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Bucovăţ
Bucovăţ is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Bulzeşti
Bulzeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Bârca
Bârca is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Calopăr
Calopăr is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Caraula
Caraula is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Carpen
Carpen is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Castranova
Castranova is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Catane
Catane is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Celaru
Celaru is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Cernăteşti, Dolj
Cernăteşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Cerăt
Cerăt is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Cetate, Dolj
Cetate, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Cioroiaşi
Cioroiaşi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Ciupercenii Noi
Ciupercenii Noi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Coşoveni
Coşoveni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Coţofenii din Dos
Coţofenii din Dos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Coţofenii din Faţă
Coţofenii din Faţă is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Cârcea
Cârcea is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Cârna
Cârna is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Călăraşi, Dolj
Călăraşi, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Daneţi
Daneţi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Desa, Dolj
Desa, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Dioşti
Dioşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Dobreşti, Dolj
Dobreşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Dobroteşti, Dolj
Dobroteşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Drăgoteşti, Dolj
Drăgoteşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Drănic
Drănic is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Fărcaş
Fărcaş is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Galicea Mare
Galicea Mare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Galiciuica
Galiciuica is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Gherceşti
Gherceşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Ghidici
Ghidici is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Ghindeni
Ghindeni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Gighera
Gighera is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Giubega
Giubega is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Giurgiţa
Giurgiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Gogoşu, Dolj
Gogoşu, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Goicea
Goicea is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Goieşti
Goieşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Greceşti
Greceşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Gângiova
Gângiova is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Izvoare
Izvoare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Işalniţa
Işalniţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Leu, Dolj
Leu, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Lipovu
Lipovu is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Maglavit
Maglavit is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Malu Mare
Malu Mare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Melineşti
Melineşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Mischii
Mischii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Moţăţei
Moţăţei is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Murgaşi
Murgaşi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Mârşani
Mârşani is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Măceşu de Jos
Măceşu de Jos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Măceşu de Sus
Măceşu de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Negoi
Negoi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Orodel
Orodel is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Ostroveni
Ostroveni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Perişor
Perişor is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Pieleşti
Pieleşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Piscu Vechi
Piscu Vechi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Pleniţa
Pleniţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Pleşoi
Pleşoi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Podari
Podari is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Poiana Mare
Poiana Mare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Predeşti
Predeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Radovan, Dolj
Radovan, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Rast, Dolj
Rast, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Robăneşti
Robăneşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Rojişte
Rojişte is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Sadova, Dolj
Sadova, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Scăeşti
Scăeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Seaca de Câmp
Seaca de Câmp is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Seaca de Pădure
Seaca de Pădure is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Secu
Secu is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Siliştea Crucii
Siliştea Crucii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Sopot, Dolj
Sopot, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Sălcuţa
Sălcuţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Terpeziţa
Terpeziţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Teslui, Dolj
Teslui, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Tălpaş
Tălpaş is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Unirea, Dolj
Unirea, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Urzicuţa
Urzicuţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Valeaciului
Valeaciului is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Vela, Dolj
Vela, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Verbiţa
Verbiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Vârtop
Vârtop is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Vârvoru de Jos
Vârvoru de Jos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Întorsura
Întorsura is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Şimnicu de Sus
Şimnicu de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Ţuglui
Ţuglui is a commune that can be found in Dolj County,ia.

Adak, Alaska
Adak is a city in Alaska.

Akhiok, Alaska
Akhiok, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Akiak, Alaska
Akiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Akutan, Alaska
Akutan, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Alakanuk, Alaska
Alakanuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Aleknagik, Alaska
Aleknagik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Allakaket, Alaska
Allakaket, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ambler, Alaska
Ambler, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Anaktuvuk Pass, Alaska
Anaktuvuk Pass, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Anderson, Alaska
Anderson, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Angoon, Alaska
Angoon, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Aniak, Alaska
Aniak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Anvik, Alaska
Anvik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Atka, Alaska
Atka, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Atqasuk, Alaska
Atqasuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Barrow, Alaska
Barrow, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Bethel, Alaska
Bethel, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Bettles, Alaska
Bettles, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Brevig Mission, Alaska
Brevig Mission, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Buckland, Alaska
Buckland, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Central, Alaska
Central, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Chefornak, Alaska
Chefornak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Chevak, Alaska
Chevak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Chignik, Alaska
Chignik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Chuathbaluk, Alaska
Chuathbaluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Circle, Alaska
Circle, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Circle Hot Springs, Alaska
Circle Hot Springs, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Clark's Point, Alaska
Clark's Point, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Coffman Cove, Alaska
Coffman Cove, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Cold Bay, Alaska
Cold Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Cordova, Alaska
Cordova, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Craig, Alaska
Craig, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Deering, Alaska
Deering, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Delta Junction, Alaska
Delta Junction, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Dillingham, Alaska
Dillingham, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Diomede, Alaska
Diomede, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sablet
Sablet is a commune.

Saignon
Saignon is a commune.

Eagle, Alaska
Eagle, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Christol, Vaucluse
Saint-Christol is a commune.

Eek, Alaska
Eek, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Egegik, Alaska
Egegik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ekwok, Alaska
Ekwok is a city in Alaska.

Elim, Alaska
Elim, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Emmonak, Alaska
Emmonak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Didier, Vaucluse
Saint-Didier is a commune.

Fairbanks, Alaska
Fairbanks, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

False Pass, Alaska
False Pass, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Hippolyte-le-Graveyron
Saint-Hippolyte-le-Graveyron is a commune.

Fort Yukon, Alaska
Fort Yukon, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Galena, Alaska
Galena, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Gambell, Alaska
Gambell, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Golovin, Alaska
Golovin, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Léger-du-Ventoux
Saint-Léger-du-Ventoux is a commune.

Goodnews Bay, Alaska
Goodnews Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Marcellin-lès-Vaison
Saint-Marcellin-lès-Vaison is a commune.

Grayling, Alaska
Grayling, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Gustavus, Alaska
Gustavus, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Juneau City Borough, Alaska
Juneau City Borough, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Martin-de-Castillon
Saint-Martin-de-Castillon is a commune.

Kachemak, Alaska
Kachemak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Martin-de-la-Brasque
Saint-Martin-de-la-Brasque is a commune.

Kake, Alaska
Kake, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Kaktovik, Alaska
Kaktovik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Kaltag, Alaska
Kaltag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Kasaan, Alaska
Kasaan, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Kenai, Alaska
Kenai, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ketchikan, Alaska
Ketchikan, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Kiana, Alaska
Kiana, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

King Cove, Alaska
King Cove, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Pantaléon, Vaucluse
Saint-Pantaléon, Vaucluse is a commune.

Kivalina, Alaska
Kivalina, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Pierre-de-Vassols
Saint-Pierre-de-Vassols is a commune.

Klawock, Alaska
Klawock, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Romain-en-Viennois
Saint-Romain-en-Viennois is a commune.

Kobuk, Alaska
Kobuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-de-Malegarde
Saint-de-Malegarde is a commune.

Saint-Saturnin-lès-Apt
Saint-Saturnin-lès-Apt is a commune.

Saint-Saturnin-lès-Avignon
Saint-Saturnin-lès-Avignon is a commune.

Kodiak, Alaska
Kodiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Trinit
Saint-Trinit is a commune.

Sainte-Cécile-les-Vignes
Sainte-Cécile-les-Vignes is a commune.

Kotlik, Alaska
Kotlik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sannes
Sannes is a commune.

Kotzebue, Alaska
Kotzebue, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sarrians
Sarrians is a commune.

Koyuk, Alaska
Koyuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sault, Vaucluse
Sault, Vaucluse is a commune.

Koyukuk, Alaska
Koyukuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saumane-de-Vaucluse
Saumane-de-Vaucluse is a commune.

Savoillan
Savoillan is a commune.

Kupreanof, Alaska
Kupreanof, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sivergues
Sivergues is a commune.

Sorgues
Sorgues is a commune.

Suzette
Suzette is a commune.

Séguret
Séguret is a commune.

Sérignan-du-Comtat
Sérignan-du-Comtat is a commune.

Taillades
Taillades is a commune.

Kwethluk, Alaska
Kwethluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Travaillan
Travaillan is a commune.

Uchaux
Uchaux is a commune.

Larsen Bay, Alaska
Larsen Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Vacqueyras
Vacqueyras is a commune.

Levelock, Alaska
Levelock, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Vaison-la-Romaine
Vaison-la-Romaine is a commune.

Lower Kalskag, Alaska
Lower Kalskag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Valréas
Valréas is a commune.

Napakiak, Alaska
Napakiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Vaugines
Vaugines is a commune.

Napaskiak, Alaska
Napaskiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Vedène
Vedène is a commune.

Nenana, Alaska
Nenana, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Velleron
Velleron is a commune.

New Stuyahok, Alaska
New Stuyahok, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Venasque
Venasque is a commune.

Viens
Viens is a commune.

Newhalen, Alaska
Newhalen, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Villars, Vaucluse
Villars, Vaucluse is a commune.

Nightmute, Alaska
Nightmute, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Villedieu, Vaucluse
Villedieu, Vaucluse is a commune.

Nikolai, Alaska
Nikolai, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Villelaure
Villelaure is a commune.

Nondalton, Alaska
Nondalton, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Villes-sur-Auzon
Villes-sur-Auzon is a commune.

Noorvik, Alaska
Noorvik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Violès
Violès is a commune.

Visan
Visan is a commune.

Vitrolles-en-Lubéron
Vitrolles-en-Lubéron is a commune.

North Pole, Alaska
North Pole, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Nuiqsut, Alaska
Nuiqsut, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Nulato, Alaska
Nulato, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Nunam Iqua, Alaska
Nunam Iqua, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Nunapitchuk, Alaska
Nunapitchuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Old Harbor, Alaska
Old Harbor, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ouzinkie, Alaska
Ouzinkie, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Palmer, Alaska
Palmer, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Pelican, Alaska
Pelican, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Petersburg, Alaska
Petersburg, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Pilot Point, Alaska
Pilot Point, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Pilot Station, Alaska
Pilot Station, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Platinum, Alaska
Platinum, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Point Hope, Alaska
Point Hope, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Portder, Alaska
Portder, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Port Heiden, Alaska
Port Heiden, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Port Lions, Alaska
Port Lions, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Quinhagak, Alaska
Quinhagak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ruby, Alaska
Ruby, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Russian Mission, Alaska
Russian Mission, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sand Point, Alaska
Sand Point, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Savoonga, Alaska
Savoonga, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saxman, Alaska
Saxman, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Scammon Bay, Alaska
Scammon Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Selawik, Alaska
Selawik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Seldovia, Alaska
Seldovia, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Seward, Alaska
Seward, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Shageluk, Alaska
Shageluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Shaktoolik, Alaska
Shaktoolik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Shishmaref, Alaska
Shishmaref, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Shungnak, Alaska
Shungnak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Sitka City Borough, Alaska
Sitka City Borough, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Skagway, Alaska
Skagway, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Soldotna, Alaska
Soldotna, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

St. George, Alaska
St.

St. Mary's, Alaska
St.

St. Michael, Alaska
St.

St. Paul, Alaska
St.

Stebbins, Alaska
Stebbins, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Tanana, Alaska
Tanana, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Teller, Alaska
Teller, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Tenakee Springs, Alaska
Tenakee Springs, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Thorne Bay, Alaska
Thorne Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Togiak, Alaska
Togiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Toksook Bay, Alaska
Toksook Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Unalakleet, Alaska
Unalakleet, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Unalaska, Alaska
Unalaska, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Upper Kalskag, Alaska
Upper Kalskag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Valdez, Alaska
Valdez, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Wainwright, Alaska
Wainwright, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Wales, Alaska
Wales, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

White Mountain, Alaska
White Mountain, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Wrangell, Alaska
Wrangell, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Yakutat City Borough, Alaska
Yakutat City Borough, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Communes Ain department
There are 419 communes in Ain "département" ince.

Ambérieu-en-Bugey
Ambérieu-en-Bugey is a commune.

Ambérieux-en-Dombes
Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune.

Ambléon
Ambléon is a commune.

Ambronay
Ambronay is a commune.

Ambutrix
Ambutrix is a commune.

Andert-et-Condon
Andert-et-Condon is a commune.

Anglefort
Anglefort is a commune.

Apremont, Ain
Apremont is a commune.

Aranc
Aranc is a commune.

Arandas, Ain
Arandas is a commune.

Arbent
Arbent is a commune.

Arbignieu
Arbignieu is a commune.

Arbigny
Arbigny is a commune.

Argis
Argis is a commune.

Armix
Armix is a commune.

Ars-surs
Ars-surs is a commune.

Artemare
Artemare is a commune.

Asnières-sur-Saône
Asnières-sur-Saône is a commune.

Attignat
Attignat is a commune.

Bâgé-la-Ville
Bâgé-la-Ville is a commune.

Bâgé-le-Châtel
Bâgé-le-Châtel is a commune.

Balan, Ain
Balan is a commune.

Baneins
Baneins is a commune.

Beaupont
Beaupont is a commune.

Beauregard, Ain
Beauregard is a commune.

Béligneux
Béligneux is a commune.

Bellegarde-sur-Valserine
Bellegarde-sur-Valserine is a commune.

Belley
Belley is a commune.

Belleydoux
Belleydoux is a commune.

Bellignat
Bellignat is a commune.

Belmont-Luthézieu
Belmont-Luthézieu is a commune.

Arkadelphia,sas
Arkadelphia,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bénonces
Bénonces is a commune.

Arkansas City,sas
Arkansas City,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bény
Bény is a commune.

Ash Flat,sas
Ash Flat,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Ashdown,sas
Ashdown,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Béon, Ain
Béon is a commune.

Atkins,sas
Atkins,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Augusta,sas
Augusta,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Béréziat
Béréziat is a commune.

Bald Knob,sas
Bald Knob,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bettant
Bettant is a commune.

Barling,sas
Barling,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bey, Ain
Bey is a commune.

Batesville,sas
Batesville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bearden,sas
Bearden,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Beynost
Beynost is a commune.

Beaver,sas
Beaver,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Beebe,sas
Beebe,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bella Vista,sas
Bella Vista,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Billiat
Billiat is a commune.

Benton,sas
Benton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bentonville,sas
Bentonville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Berryville,sas
Berryville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bigelow,sas
Bigelow,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Biggers,sas
Biggers,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bismarck,sas
Bismarck,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Black Oak,sas
Black Oak,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Black Rock,sas
Black Rock,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bluff City,sas
Bluff City,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Birieux
Birieux is a commune.

Blytheville,sas
Blytheville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bono,sas
Bono,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Booneville,sas
Booneville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bradley,sas
Bradley,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Branch,sas
Branch,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Brinkley,sas
Brinkley,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Brookland,sas
Brookland,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bryant,sas
Bryant,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Biziat
Biziat is a commune.

Bull Shoals,sas
Bull Shoals,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cabot,sas
Cabot,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Calico Rock,sas
Calico Rock,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Blyes
Blyes is a commune.

Camden,sas
Camden,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Carlisle,sas
Carlisle,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cave City,sas
Cave City,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bohas-Meyriat-Rignat
Bohas-Meyriat-Rignat is a commune.

Centerton,sas
Centerton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Charleston,sas
Charleston,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cherokee Village,sas
Cherokee Village,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Clarendon,sas
Clarendon,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Boissey, Ain
Boissey is a commune.

Clarksville,sas
Clarksville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bolozon
Bolozon is a commune.

Clinton,sas
Clinton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Conway,sas
Conway,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Bouligneux
Bouligneux is a commune.

Bourg-en-Bresse
Bourg-en-Bresse is a commune.

Bourg-Saint-Christophe
Bourg-Saint-Christophe is a commune.

Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme
Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme is a commune.

Boz, Ain
Boz is a commune.

Brégnier-Cordon
Brégnier-Cordon is a commune.

Brénaz
Brénaz is a commune.

Brénod
Brénod is a commune.

Brens, Ain
Brens is a commune.

Bressolles, Ain
Bressolles is a commune.

Brion, Ain
Brion is a commune.

Briord
Briord is a commune.

Buellas
Buellas is a commune.

Ceignes
Ceignes is a commune.

Cerdon, Ain
Cerdon is a commune.

Corning,sas
Corning,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cotter,sas
Cotter,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cottont,sas
Cottont,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Certines
Certines is a commune.

Crossett,sas
Crossett,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cushman,sas
Cushman,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cessy
Cessy is a commune.

Ceyzériat
Ceyzériat is a commune.

Danville,sas
Danville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Comeback kid
Comeback Kid  are a Hardcore punk band from Canada.

Dardanelle,sas
Dardanelle,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Ceyzérieu
Ceyzérieu is a commune.

De Queen,sas
De Queen,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Decatur,sas
Decatur,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Delaplaine,sas
Delaplaine,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Chalamont
Chalamont is a commune.

Dermott,sas
Dermott,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Des Arc,sas
Des Arc,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Diamond City,sas
Diamond City,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Chaleins
Chaleins is a commune.

Diaz,sas
Diaz,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Donaldson,sas
Donaldson,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Dover,sas
Dover,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Chaley
Chaley is a commune.

Dumas,sas
Dumas,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Egypt,sas
Egypt,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

El Dorado,sas
El Dorado,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Challes-la-Montagne
Challes-la-Montagne is a commune.

Elaine,sas
Elaine,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Challex
Challex is a commune.

Eudora,sas
Eudora,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Champagne-en-Valromey
Champagne-en-Valromey is a commune.

Champdor
Champdor is a commune.

Champfromier
Champfromier is a commune.

Chanay
Chanay is a commune.

Eureka Springs,sas
Eureka Springs,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Chaneins
Chaneins is a commune.

Evening Shade,sas
Evening Shade,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Chanoz-Châtenay
Chanoz-Châtenay is a commune.

Fairfield Bay,sas
Fairfield Bay,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Farmington,sas
Farmington,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Fayetteville,sas
Fayetteville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Charix
Charix is a commune.

Fifty-Six,sas
Fifty-Six,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Charnoz-sur-Ain
Charnoz-sur-Ain is a commune.

Bombylius major
The Large Bee Fly  is a bee mimic.

Château-Gaillard, Ain
Château-Gaillard is a commune.

Châtenay, Ain
Châtenay is a commune.

Châtillon-en-Michaille
Châtillon-en-Michaille is a commune.

Châtillon-la-Palud
Châtillon-la-Palud is a commune.

Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne
Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.

Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze
Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.

Chavannes-sur
Chavannes-sur is a commune.

Chaveyriat
Chaveyriat is a commune.

Chavornay, Ain
Chavornay is a commune.

Chazey-Bons
Chazey-Bons is a commune.

Chazey-sur-Ain
Chazey-sur-Ain is a commune.

Cheignieu-la-Balme
Cheignieu-la-Balme is a commune.

Chevillard, Ain
Chevillard is a commune.

Chevroux, Ain
Chevroux is a commune.

Chevry, Ain
Chevry is a commune.

Chézery-Forens
Chézery-Forens is a commune.

Civrieux
Civrieux is a commune.

Cize, Ain
Cize is a commune.

Cleyzieu
Cleyzieu is a commune.

Coligny, Ain
Coligny is a commune.

Collonges, Ain
Collonges is a commune.

Colomieu
Colomieu is a commune.

Conand, Ain
Conand is a commune.

Condamine, Ain
Condamine is a commune.

Condeissiat
Condeissiat is a commune.

Confort
Confort is a commune.

Confrançon
Confrançon is a commune.

Contrevoz
Contrevoz is a commune.

Conzieu
Conzieu is a commune.

Corbonod
Corbonod is a commune.

Corcelles, Ain
Corcelles is a commune.

Corlier
Corlier is a commune.

Cormaranche-en-Bugey
Cormaranche-en-Bugey is a commune.

Cormoranche-sur-Saône
Cormoranche-sur-Saône is a commune.

Cormoz
Cormoz is a commune.

Corveissiat
Corveissiat is a commune.

Courmangoux
Courmangoux is a commune.

Courtes
Courtes is a commune.

Crans, Ain
Crans is a commune.

Cras-sur-Reyssouze
Cras-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.

Fisher,sas
Fisher,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cressin-Rochefort
Cressin-Rochefort is a commune.

Flippin,sas
Flippin,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Crottet
Crottet is a commune.

Fordyce,sas
Fordyce,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Crozet, Ain
Crozet is a commune.

Forrest City,sas
Forrest City,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Cruzilles-lès-Mépillat
Cruzilles-lès-Mépillat is a commune.

Culoz
Culoz is a commune.

Fort Smith,sas
Fort Smith,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Curciat-Dongalon
Curciat-Dongalon is a commune.

Curtafond
Curtafond is a commune.

Cuzieu, Ain
Cuzieu is a commune.

Fountain Lake,sas
Fountain Lake,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Dagneux
Dagneux is a commune.

Friendship,sas
Friendship,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Divonne-les-Bains
Divonne-les-Bains is a commune.

Fulton County,sas
Fulton County,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Dommartin, Ain
Dommartin is a commune.

Gassville,sas
Gassville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.

Gentry,sas
Gentry,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Dompierre-sur-Veyle
Dompierre-sur-Veyle is a commune.

Gosnell,sas
Gosnell,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Domsure
Domsure is a commune.

Dortan
Dortan is a commune.

Gravette,sas
Gravette,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Douvres
Douvres is a commune.

Greenwood,sas
Greenwood,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Drom
Drom is a commune.

Guion,sas
Guion,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Druillat
Druillat is a commune.

Échallon
Échallon is a commune.

Gurdon,sas
Gurdon,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Échenevex
Échenevex is a commune.

Guy,sas
Guy,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Étrez
Étrez is a commune.

Hamburg,sas
Hamburg,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Évosges
Évosges is a commune.

Hampton,sas
Hampton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Faramans, Ain
Faramans is a commune.

Fareins
Fareins is a commune.

Farges
Farges is a commune.

Feillens
Feillens is a commune.

Ferney-Voltaire
Ferney-Voltaire is a commune.

Flaxieu
Flaxieu is a commune.

Foissiat
Foissiat is a commune.

Francheleins
Francheleins is a commune.

Frans, Ain
Frans is a commune.

Garnerans
Garnerans is a commune.

Genouilleux
Genouilleux is a commune.

Géovreisset
Géovreisset is a commune.

Géovreissiat
Géovreissiat is a commune.

Germagnat
Germagnat is a commune.

Gex, Ain
Gex is a commune.

Giron
Giron is a commune.

Gorrevod
Gorrevod is a commune.

Grand-Corent
Grand-Corent is a commune.

Grièges
Grièges is a commune.

Grilly
Grilly is a commune.

Groissiat
Groissiat is a commune.

Groslée
Groslée is a commune.

Harrison,sas
Harrison,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Guéreins
Guéreins is a commune.

Heber Springs,sas
Heber Springs,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Hautecourtèche
Hautecourtèche is a commune.

Highland,sas
Highland,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Hauteville-Lompnes
Hauteville-Lompnes is a commune.

Hot Springs,sas
Hot Springs,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Hostiaz
Hostiaz is a commune.

Hoxie,sas
Hoxie,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Hotonnes
Hotonnes is a commune.

Jacksonville,sas
Jacksonville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Illiat
Illiat is a commune.

Jersey,sas
Jersey,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Injoux-Génissiat
Injoux-Génissiat is a commune.

Jonesboro,sas
Jonesboro,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Innimond
Innimond is a commune.

Izenave
Izenave is a commune.

Keo,sas
Keo,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Izernore
Izernore is a commune.

Lake Village,sas
Lake Village,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Izieu
Izieu is a commune.

Lakeview,sas
Lakeview,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Jassans-Riottier
Jassans-Riottier is a commune.

Jasseron
Jasseron is a commune.

Lavaca,sas
Lavaca,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Jayat
Jayat is a commune.

Journans
Journans is a commune.

Leachville,sas
Leachville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Joyeux
Joyeux is a commune.

Lead Hill,sas
Lead Hill,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Jujurieux
Jujurieux is a commune.

L'Abergement-Clémenciat
L'Abergement-Clémenciat is a commune.

Leola,sas
Leola,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

L'Abergement-de-Varey
L'Abergement-de-Varey is a commune.

La Boisse
La Boisse is a commune.

Lache
Lache is a commune.

La Chapelle-du-Châtelard
La Chapelle-du-Châtelard is a commune.

Laclière
Laclière is a commune.

Labalme
Labalme is a commune.

Lagnieu
Lagnieu is a commune.

Laiz
Laiz is a commune.

Lalleyriat
Lalleyriat is a commune.

Lancrans
Lancrans is a commune.

Lantenay, Ain
Lantenay is a commune.

Lapeyrouse, Ain
Lapeyrouse is a commune.

Leslie,sas
Leslie,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lavours
Lavours is a commune.

Lincoln,sas
Lincoln,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Led-Abergement
Led-Abergement is a commune.

London,sas
London,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Le Montellier
Le Montellier is a commune.

Le Petit-Abergement
Le Petit-Abergement is a commune.

Lonoke,sas
Lonoke,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Letay
Letay is a commune.

Lowell,sas
Lowell,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Le Poizat
Le Poizat is a commune.

Madison,sas
Madison,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Tony Hawk'sd
Tony Hawk'sd is a skateboarding video game that was on PS2, Xbox, Xbox 360, Nintendo GameCube PC.

Léaz
Léaz is a commune.

Magazine,sas
Magazine,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lélex
Lélex is a commune.

Magnolia,sas
Magnolia,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lent, Ain
Lent is a commune.

Malvern,sas
Malvern,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Les Neyrolles
Les Neyrolles is a commune.

Lescheroux
Lescheroux is a commune.

Mammoth Spring,sas
Mammoth Spring,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Leyment
Leyment is a commune.

Mansfield,sas
Mansfield,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Leyssard
Leyssard is a commune.

Marianna,sas
Marianna,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lhôpital
Lhôpital is a commune.

Marion,sas
Marion,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lhuis
Lhuis is a commune.

Marked Tree,sas
Marked Tree,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lochieu
Lochieu is a commune.

Lompnas
Lompnas is a commune.

Marshall,sas
Marshall,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Lompnieu
Lompnieu is a commune.

Loyettes
Loyettes is a commune.

Lurcy
Lurcy is a commune.

Magnieu
Magnieu is a commune.

Maillat
Maillat is a commune.

Malafretaz
Malafretaz is a commune.

Mantenay-Montlin
Mantenay-Montlin is a commune.

Manziat
Manziat is a commune.

Marboz
Marboz is a commune.

Marchamp
Marchamp is a commune.

Marignieu
Marignieu is a commune.

Marlieux
Marlieux is a commune.

Marsonnas
Marsonnas is a commune.

Martignat
Martignat is a commune.

Massieux
Massieux is a commune.

Massignieu-de-Rives
Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune.

Matafelonges
Matafelonges is a commune.

Meillonnas
Meillonnas is a commune.

Mérignat
Mérignat is a commune.

Messimy-sur-Saône
Messimy-sur-Saône is a commune.

Meximieux
Meximieux is a commune.

Mézériat
Mézériat is a commune.

Mijoux
Mijoux is a commune.

Mionnay
Mionnay is a commune.

Miribel, Ain
Miribel is a commune.

Misérieux
Misérieux is a commune.

Mogneneins
Mogneneins is a commune.

Montagnat
Montagnat is a commune.

Montagnieu, Ain
Montagnieu is a commune.

Montanges
Montanges is a commune.

Montceaux
Montceaux is a commune.

Montcet
Montcet is a commune.

Monthieux
Monthieux is a commune.

Montluel
Montluel is a commune.

Montmerle-sur-Saône
Montmerle-sur-Saône is a commune.

Montracol
Montracol is a commune.

Montréal-la-Cluse
Montréal-la-Cluse is a commune.

Montrevel-en-Bresse
Montrevel-en-Bresse is a commune.

Murs-et-Gélignieux
Murs-et-Gélignieux is a commune.

Nantua
Nantua is a commune.

Nattages
Nattages is a commune.

Neuville-les-Dames
Neuville-les-Dames is a commune.

Marvell,sas
Marvell,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Neuville-sur-Ain
Neuville-sur-Ain is a commune.

Neyron
Neyron is a commune.

Maumelle,sas
Maumelle,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Niévroz
Niévroz is a commune.

McGehee,sas
McGehee,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Nivollet-Montgriffon
Nivollet-Montgriffon is a commune.

Melbourne,sas
Melbourne,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Nurieux-Volognat
Nurieux-Volognat is a commune.

Mena,sas
Mena,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Oncieu
Oncieu is a commune.

Ordonnaz
Ordonnaz is a commune.

Monticello,sas
Monticello,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Ornex
Ornex is a commune.

Morrilton,sas
Morrilton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Outriaz
Outriaz is a commune.

Mountain Home,sas
Mountain Home,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Oyonnax
Oyonnax is a commune.

Mountain View,sas
Mountain View,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Ozan, Ain
Ozan is a commune.

Parcieux
Parcieux is a commune.

Parves
Parves is a commune.

Péron, Ain
Péron is a commune.

Péronnas
Péronnas is a commune.

Pérouges
Pérouges is a commune.

Perrex
Perrex is a commune.

Peyriat
Peyriat is a commune.

Mountainburg,sas
Mountainburg,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Peyrieu
Peyrieu is a commune.

Nashville,sas
Nashville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Peyzieux-sur-Saône
Peyzieux-sur-Saône is a commune.

Natural Steps,sas
Natural Steps,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Pirajoux
Pirajoux is a commune.

Pizay
Pizay is a commune.

Newport,sas
Newport,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Plagne, Ain
Plagne is a commune.

Norfork,sas
Norfork,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Polliat
Polliat is a commune.

North Little Rock,sas
North Little Rock,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Pollieu
Pollieu is a commune.

Ola,sas
Ola,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Poncin
Poncin is a commune.

Omaha,sas
Omaha,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Pont-d'Ain
Pont-d'Ain is a commune.

Pont-de-Vaux
Pont-de-Vaux is a commune.

Osceola,sas
Osceola,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Pont-de-Veyle
Pont-de-Veyle is a commune.

Ozark,sas
Ozark,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Port, Ain
Port is a commune.

Pougny, Ain
Pougny is a commune.

Pouillat
Pouillat is a commune.

Prémeyzel
Prémeyzel is a commune.

Palestine,sas
Palestine,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Prémillieu
Prémillieu is a commune.

Paragould,sas
Paragould,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Pressiat
Pressiat is a commune.

Prévessin-Moëns
Prévessin-Moëns is a commune.

Priay
Priay is a commune.

Pugieu
Pugieu is a commune.

Ramasse
Ramasse is a commune.

Rancé
Rancé is a commune.

Relevant, Ain
Relevant is a commune.

Replonges
Replonges is a commune.

Revonnas
Revonnas is a commune.

Reyrieux
Reyrieux is a commune.

Reyssouze
Reyssouze is a commune.

Rignieux-lec
Rignieux-lec is a commune.

Romans, Ain
Romans is a commune.

Rossillon
Rossillon is a commune.

Ruffieu
Ruffieu is a commune.

Paris,sas
Paris,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint, Ain
Saint is a commune.

Saint-André-d'Huiriat
Saint-André-d'Huiriat is a commune.

Pea Ridge,sas
Pea Ridge,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-André-de-Bâgé
Saint-André-de-Bâgé is a commune.

Peach Orchard,sas
Peach Orchard,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-André-de-Corcy
Saint-André-de-Corcy is a commune.

Perryville,sas
Perryville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-André-le-Bouchoux
Saint-André-le-Bouchoux is a commune.

Saint-André-sur-Vieux-Jonc
Saint-André-sur-Vieux-Jonc is a commune.

Saint-Bénigne
Saint-Bénigne is a commune.

Saint-Benoît, Ain
Saint-Benoît is a commune.

Saint-Bernard, Ain
Saint-Bernard is a commune.

Saint-Bois
Saint-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Champ
Saint-Champ is a commune.

Saint-Cyr-sur-Menthon
Saint-Cyr-sur-Menthon is a commune.

Saint-Denis-en-Bugey
Saint-Denis-en-Bugey is a commune.

Saint-Denis-lès-Bourg
Saint-Denis-lès-Bourg is a commune.

Saint-Didier-d'Aussiat
Saint-Didier-d'Aussiat is a commune.

Saint-Didier-des
Saint-Didier-des is a commune.

Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne
Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.

Saint-Éloi, Ain
Saint-Éloi is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois, Ain
Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-sur-Chalaronne
Saint-Étienne-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-sur-Reyssouze
Saint-Étienne-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.

Piggott,sas
Piggott,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-Genis-Pouilly
Saint-Genis-Pouilly is a commune.

Saint-Genis-sur-Menthon
Saint-Genis-sur-Menthon is a commune.

Saint-Georges-sur-Renon
Saint-Georges-sur-Renon is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-Joux
Saint-Germain-de-Joux is a commune.

Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses
Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses is a commune.

Saint-Germain-sur-Renon
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune.

Pindall,sas
Pindall,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-de-Gonville
Saint-de-Gonville is a commune.

Pine Bluff,sas
Pine Bluff,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-de-Niost
Saint-de-Niost is a commune.

Skateboarding
Skateboarding is act riding on a skateboard.

Saint-de-Thurigneux
Saint-de-Thurigneux is a commune.

Saint-le-Vieux, Ain
Saint-le-Vieux is a commune.

Saint-sur-Reyssouze
Saint-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.

Saint-sur-Veyle
Saint-sur-Veyle is a commune.

Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze
Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.

Saint-Julien-sur-Veyle
Saint-Julien-sur-Veyle is a commune.

Saint-Just, Ain
Saint-Just is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône
Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône is a commune.

Saint-Marcel, Ain
Saint-Marcel is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Bavel
Saint-Martin-de-Bavel is a commune.

Saint-Martin-du-Frêne
Saint-Martin-du-Frêne is a commune.

Saint-Martin-du-Mont, Ain
Saint-Martin-du-Mont is a commune.

Saint-Martin-le-Châtel
Saint-Martin-le-Châtel is a commune.

Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost
Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost is a commune.

Saint-Maurice-des
Saint-Maurice-des is a commune.

Saint-Maurice-de-Rémens
Saint-Maurice-de-Rémens is a commune.

Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux
Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux is a commune.

Saint-Nizier-le-Désert
Saint-Nizier-le-Désert is a commune.

Saint-Paul-de-Varax
Saint-Paul-de-Varax is a commune.

Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey
Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey is a commune.

Pocahontas,sas
Pocahontas,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-Rémy, Ain
Saint-Rémy is a commune.

Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey
Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey is a commune.

Pottsville,sas
Pottsville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-Sulpice, Ain
Saint-Sulpice is a commune.

Poyen,sas
Poyen,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-Trivier-de-Courtes
Saint-Trivier-de-Courtes is a commune.

Prairie Grove,sas
Prairie Grove,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Saint-Trivier-surs
Saint-Trivier-surs is a commune.

Saint-Vulbas
Saint-Vulbas is a commune.

Prescott,sas
Prescott,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Sainte-Croix, Ain
Sainte-Croix is a commune.

Sainte-Euphémie
Sainte-Euphémie is a commune.

Sainte-Julie, Ain
Sainte-Julie is a commune.

Sainte-Olive
Sainte-Olive is a commune.

Salavre
Salavre is a commune.

Pyatt,sas
Pyatt,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Samognat
Samognat is a commune.

Ravenden,sas
Ravenden,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Sandrans
Sandrans is a commune.

Sault-Brénaz
Sault-Brénaz is a commune.

Rector,sas
Rector,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Sauverny
Sauverny is a commune.

Rogers,sas
Rogers,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Savigneux, Ain
Savigneux is a commune.

Ségny
Ségny is a commune.

Seillonnaz
Seillonnaz is a commune.

Sergy, Ain
Sergy is a commune.

Sermoyer
Sermoyer is a commune.

Serrières-de-Briord
Serrières-de-Briord is a commune.

Serrières-sur-Ain
Serrières-sur-Ain is a commune.

Servas, Ain
Servas is a commune.

Romance,sas
Romance,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Servignat
Servignat is a commune.

Seyssel, Ain
Seyssel is a commune.

Russellville,sas
Russellville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Simandre-sur
Simandre-sur is a commune.

Songieu
Songieu is a commune.

Salem, Fulton County,sas
Salem, Fulton County,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Sonthonnax-la-Montagne
Sonthonnax-la-Montagne is a commune.

Salem, Saline County,sas
Salem, Saline County,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Souclin
Souclin is a commune.

Saline County,sas
Saline County,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Sulignat
Sulignat is a commune.

Surjoux
Surjoux is a commune.

Sutrieu
Sutrieu is a commune.

Talissieu
Talissieu is a commune.

Tenay
Tenay is a commune.

Thézillieu
Thézillieu is a commune.

Thil, Ain
Thil is a commune.

Thoiry, Ain
Thoiry is a commune.

Thoissey
Thoissey is a commune.

Torcieu
Torcieu is a commune.

Tossiat
Tossiat is a commune.

Toussieux
Toussieux is a commune.

Tramoyes
Tramoyes is a commune.

Treffort-Cuisiat
Treffort-Cuisiat is a commune.

Scranton,sas
Scranton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Trévoux
Trévoux is a commune.

Searcy,sas
Searcy,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Valeins
Valeins is a commune.

Vandeins
Vandeins is a commune.

Sedgwick,sas
Sedgwick,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Varambon
Varambon is a commune.

Vaux-en-Bugey
Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune.

Verjon
Verjon is a commune.

Sheridan,sas
Sheridan,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Vernoux
Vernoux is a commune.

Sherwood,sas
Sherwood,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Versailleux
Versailleux is a commune.

Versonnex, Ain
Versonnex is a commune.

Shirley,sas
Shirley,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Vesancy
Vesancy is a commune.

Sidney,sas
Sidney,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Vescours
Vescours is a commune.

Siloam Springs,sas
Siloam Springs,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Vésines
Vésines is a commune.

Vieu
Vieu is a communece.

Smackover,sas
Smackover,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Vieu-d'Izenave
Vieu-d'Izenave is a commune.

Springdale,sas
Springdale,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Villars-les-Dombes
Villars-les-Dombes is a commune.

St. Joe,sas
St.

Villebois
Villebois is a commune.

Star City,sas
Star City,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Villemotier
Villemotier is a commune.

Stuttgart,sas
Stuttgart,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Villeneuve, Ain
Villeneuve is a commune.

Villereversure
Villereversure is a commune.

Subiaco,sas
Subiaco,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Villes
Villes is a commune.

Sulphur Springs,sas
Sulphur Springs,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Villette-sur-Ain
Villette-sur-Ain is a commune.

Texarkana,sas
Texarkana,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Villieu-Loyes-Mollon
Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune.

Trumann,sas
Trumann,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Viriat
Viriat is a commune.

Tuckerman,sas
Tuckerman,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Virieu-led
Virieu-led is a commune.

Van Buren,sas
Van Buren,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Virieu-le-Petit
Virieu-le-Petit is a commune.

Vilonia,sas
Vilonia,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Virignin
Virignin is a commune.

Viola,sas
Viola,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Vongnes
Vongnes is a commune.

Vonnas
Vonnas is a commune.

Waldenburg,sas
Waldenburg,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Waldron,sas
Waldron,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Walnut Ridge,sas
Walnut Ridge,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Warren,sas
Warren,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Weiner,sas
Weiner,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

West Fork,sas
West Fork,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

West Helena,sas
West Helena,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

West Memphis,sas
West Memphis,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

White Hall,sas
White Hall,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Wilton,sas
Wilton,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Winslow,sas
Winslow,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Wynne,sas
Wynne,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Yellville,sas
Yellville,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

Hardy,sas
Hardy,sas is a city statesas in United States America.

F.A.N.A.
The Areas ,ficially government as Federally Administered Areas , is northernmost political entity withini-administered princely state Jammumir.

The Bouncing Souls
The Bouncing Souls are a punk rock band from New Brunswick, New Jersey thated in 1987.

Leedsichthys
The Leedsichthys, Leeds , was a giant fish pachycormid, that lived in Jurassic Period, people says that Leeds was than Blue Whale, but remains Leedsichthys founded are not complete.

Polynesian Rat
The Rat, Pacific Rat , known to Māori as kiore, is widespread species rat in world behind Brown Rat Black rat.

Oddworld
Oddworld is a given to a video game series that has won many awards.

WWE Tag Teamip
The WWE Tag Teamip is a professional wrestling world tag team championship World Wrestling Entertainment, it's exclusive SmackDown brand.

Mikein
Michael "Mike"in , is an professional wrestler, better know by his ring The Miz working on ECW brand, he also appears in Raw SmackDown,in is current World Tag Team Champion with hisner John Morrison.

Covonia
Covonia is brand medicine for treating coughs other chest infections.

Steve Borden
Steve Borden , is an professional wrestler, better known as his ring Sting.

Bisham
Bisham  is a village inire,d, UK.

Amirat
Amirat is a commune.

Andon, Alpes-Maritimes
Andon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Antibes
Antibes is a commune.

Ascros
Ascros is a commune.

Aspremont, Alpes-Maritimes
Aspremont, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Auribeau-sur-Siagne
Auribeau-sur-Siagne is a commune.

Auvare
Auvare is a commune.

Bairols
Bairols is a commune.

Beaulieu-sur-Mer
Beaulieu-sur-Mer is a commune.

Beausoleil, Alpes-Maritimes
Beausoleil, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Belvédère
Belvédère is a commune.

Bendejun
Bendejun is a commune.

Berre-les-Alpes
Berre-les-Alpes is a commune.

Beuil
Beuil is a commune.

Biot, Alpes-Maritimes
Biot, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Blausasc
Blausasc is a commune.

Bonson, Alpes-Maritimes
Bonson, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Bouyon
Bouyon is a commune.

Breil-sur-Roya
Breil-sur-Roya is a commune.

Briançonnet
Briançonnet is a commune.

Bézaudun-les-Alpes
Bézaudun-les-Alpes is a commune.

Cabris
Cabris is a commune.

Cagnes-sur-Mer
Cagnes-sur-Mer is a commune.

Caille
Caille is a commune.

Cantaron
Cantaron is a commune.

Cap-d'Ail
Cap-d'Ail is a commune.

Carros
Carros is a commune.

Castagniers
Castagniers is a commune.

Castellar, Alpes-Maritimes
Castellar, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Castillon, Alpes-Maritimes
Castillon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Caussols
Caussols is a commune.

Châteauneuf-Grasse
Châteauneuf-Grasse is a commune.

Châteauneuf-Villevieille
Châteauneuf-Villevieille is a commune.

Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes
Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes is a commune.

Cipières
Cipières is a commune.

Clans, Alpes-Maritimes
Clans, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Coaraze
Coaraze is a commune.

Collongues, Alpes-Maritimes
Collongues, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Colomars
Colomars is a commune.

Conségudes
Conségudes is a commune.

Contes, Alpes-Maritimes
Contes, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Courmes
Courmes is a commune.

Coursegoules
Coursegoules is a commune.

Cuébris
Cuébris is a commune.

Daluis
Daluis is a commune.

Drap
Drap is a commune.

Duranus
Duranus is a commune.

Entraunes
Entraunes is a commune.

Escragnolles
Escragnolles is a commune.

Falicon
Falicon is a commune.

Fontan
Fontan is a commune.

Gars, Alpes-Maritimes
Gars, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Gattières
Gattières is a commune.

Gilette
Gilette is a commune.

Gorbio
Gorbio is a commune.

Gourdon, Alpes-Maritimes
Gourdon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Grasse
Grasse is a commune.

Gréolières
Gréolières is a commune.

Guillaumes
Guillaumes is a commune.

Ilonse
Ilonse is a commune.

Isola, Alpes-Maritimes
Isola, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

L'Escarène
L'Escarène is a commune.

La Bollène-Vésubie
La Bollène-Vésubie is a commune.

La Brigue
La Brigue is a commune.

La Colle-sur-Loup
La Colle-sur-Loup is a commune.

La Croix-sur-Roudoule
La Croix-sur-Roudoule is a commune.

La Gaude
La Gaude is a commune.

La Penne
La Penne is a commune.

La Roquette-sur-Siagne
La Roquette-sur-Siagne is a commune.

La Roquette-sur-Var
La Roquette-sur-Var is a commune.

La Tour, Alpes-Maritimes
La Tour, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

La Trinité, Alpes-Maritimes
La Trinité, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

La Turbie
La Turbie is a commune.

Lantosque
Lantosque is a commune.

Le Bar-sur-Loup
Le Bar-sur-Loup is a commune.

Le Broc, Alpes-Maritimes
Le Broc, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Le Cannet
Le Cannet is a commune.

Le Mas
Le Mas is a commune.

Le Rouret
Le Rouret is a commune.

Le Tignet
Le Tignet is a commune.

Les Ferres
Les Ferres is a commune.

Les Mujouls
Les Mujouls is a commune.

Levens
Levens is a commune.

Lieuche
Lieuche is a commune.

Lucéram
Lucéram is a commune.

Malaussène
Malaussène is a commune.

Mandelieu-la-Napoule
Mandelieu-la-Napoule is a commune.

Marie, Alpes-Maritimes
Marie, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Massoins
Massoins is a commune.

Menton
Menton is a commune.

Mouans-Sartoux
Mouans-Sartoux is a commune.

Mougins
Mougins is a commune.

Moulinet, Alpes-Maritimes
Moulinet, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Opio, Alpes-Maritimes
Opio, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Peille
Peille is a commune.

Peillon
Peillon is a commune.

Peymeinade
Peymeinade is a commune.

Pierlas
Pierlas is a commune.

Pierrefeu
Pierrefeu is a commune.

Pugetg
Pugetg is a commune.

Puget-Théniers
Puget-Théniers is a commune.

Pégomas
Pégomas is a commune.

Péone
Péone is a commune.

Revest-les-Roches
Revest-les-Roches is a commune.

Rigaud, Alpes-Maritimes
Rigaud, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Rimplas
Rimplas is a commune.

Roquebillière
Roquebillière is a commune.

Roquebrune-Cap-Martin
Roquebrune-Cap-Martin is a commune.

Roquesteron
Roquesteron is a commune.

Roquestéron-Grasse
Roquestéron-Grasse is a commune.

Roubion
Roubion is a commune.

Roure
Roure is a commune.

Saint-André-de-la-Roche
Saint-André-de-la-Roche is a commune.

Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes
Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Saint
Saint is a commune.

Saint-Blaise, Alpes-Maritimes
Saint-Blaise, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Saint-Cézaire-sur-Siagne
Saint-Cézaire-sur-Siagne is a commune.

Saint-Dalmas-le-Selvage
Saint-Dalmas-le-Selvage is a commune.

Saint-Cap-Ferrat
Saint-Cap-Ferrat is a commune.

Saintnet, Alpes-Maritimes
Saintnet, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-du-Var
Saint-Laurent-du-Var is a commune.

Saint-Léger, Alpes-Maritimes
Saint-Léger, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Vésubie
Saint-Martin-Vésubie is a commune.

Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes
Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes is a commune.

Saint-Martin-du-Var
Saint-Martin-du-Var is a commune.

Saint-Paul, Alpes-Maritimes
Saint-Paul, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée
Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée is a commune.

Saint-Vallier-de-Thiey
Saint-Vallier-de-Thiey is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée
Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée is a commune.

Sainte-Agnès, Alpes-Maritimes
Sainte-Agnès, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Sallagriffon
Sallagriffon is a commune.

Saorge
Saorge is a commune.

Sauze
Sauze is a commune.

Sigale
Sigale is a commune.

Sospel
Sospel is a commune.

Spéracèdes
Spéracèdes is a commune.

Séranon
Séranon is a commune.

Tende
Tende is a commune.

Thiéry
Thiéry is a commune.

Théoule-sur-Mer
Théoule-sur-Mer is a commune.

Toudon
Toudon is a commune.

Tourette-du-Château
Tourette-du-Château is a commune.

Tournefort, Alpes-Maritimes
Tournefort, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.

Tourrette-Levens
Tourrette-Levens is a commune.

Tourrettes-sur-Loup
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune.

Touët-de-l'Escarène
Touët-de-l'Escarène is a commune.

Touët-sur-Var
Touët-sur-Var is a commune.

Utelle
Utelle is a commune.

Valbonne
Valbonne is a commune.

Valdeblore
Valdeblore is a commune.

Valderoure
Valderoure is a commune.

Vallauris
Vallauris is a commune.

Venanson
Venanson is a commune.

Vence
Vence is a commune.

Villars-sur-Var
Villars-sur-Var is a commune.

Villefranche-sur-Mer
Villefranche-sur-Mer is a commune.

Villeneuve-Loubet
Villeneuve-Loubet is a commune.

Villeneuve-d'Entraunes
Villeneuve-d'Entraunes is a commune.

Èze
Èze is a commune.

Make Mine Music
"Make Mine Music" is a 1946 animated movie.

Ambulocetus
Ambulocetus  was an early cetacean that could walk asll as swim.

Newark-on-Trent
Newark-on-Trent is a market town 14 miles north Nottingham, in Eastdsd.

Sadul lui Sân River
The Sadul lui Sân River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Alunul River (Jiu)
The Alunul River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Zănoaga River (Sadu)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Sădişor River
The Sădişor River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Chichirău River
The Chichirău River is a tributary Buzău River inia.

Cârlig River
The Cârlig River is a tributary Şorogari River inia.

Fedeleşul River
The Fedeleşul River is a tributary Şorogari River inia.

Râul Lupului (Bahlui)
Râul Lupului Valea Lupului River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Româneşti River (Bahlui)
The Româneşti River is a tributary Bahlui River inia.

Curmătura River (Sitna)
The Curmătura River is a tributary Sitna River inia.

Jirinca River
The Jirinca River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Puturosu River (Jijia)
The Puturosu River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Gard River (Jijia)
The Gard River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Buzunosu River
The Buzunosu River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Lunca River (Jijia)
The Lunca River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Valea Iazurilor River
The Valea Iazurilor River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Putreda River (Jijia)
The Putreda River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Ghilăuca River (Putreda)
The Ghilăuca River is a tributary Putreda River inia.

Tinca River
The Tinca River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

La Iazul cel Mare River
The La Iazul cel Mare River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Frasin River (Jijia)
The Frasin River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Optoceni River
The Optoceni River is a tributary Frasin River inia.

Roşcani River (Jijia)
The Roşcani River is a tributary Frasin River inia.

Rădeni River
The Rădeni River is a tributary Frasin River inia.

Pop River (Jijia)
The Pop River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Fundoaia River (Jijia)
The Fundoaia River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Epureni River (Jijia)
The Epureni River Iepureni River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Ciornohal River
The Ciornohal River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Guranda River
Theda River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Drâslea River
The Drâslea River Drislea River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Iazul lui Stavri River
The Iazul lui Stavri River is a tributary Drâslea River inia.

Valeailor River
The Valeailor River is a tributary Drâslea River inia.

Ghiţălăria River
The Ghiţălăria River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Săvescu River
The Săvescu River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Tălpeni River
The Tălpeni River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Părul River
The Părul River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Pârâul lui Martin (Jijia)
The Pârâul lui Martin is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Ibăneasa River
The Ibăneasa River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Tricova River
The Tricova River is a tributary Ibăneasa River inia.

Griviţa River
The Griviţa River is a tributary Ibăneasa River inia.

Ghilăuca River (Ibăneasa)
The Ghilăuca River is a tributary Ibăneasa River inia.

Găinăria River
The Găinăria River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Mihăiaşa River
The Mihăiaşa River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Glăvăneşti River
The Glăvăneşti River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Gotcoaia River
The Gotcoaia River is a tributary Glăvăneşti River inia.

Crăcălia River
The Crăcălia River is a tributary Glăvăneşti River inia.

Chişcata River
The Chişcata River is a tributary Glăvăneşti River inia.

Hărbărău River
The Hărbărău River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Blândeşti River
The Blândeşti River is a tributary Jijia River inia.

Valea Boului River (Amaradia)
The Valea Boului is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Mierea River (Amaradia)
The Mierea River is a tributary Valea Boului River inia.

Seaca River (Amaradia)
The Seaca River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Hartanu River
Theu Riveru River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Plosca River
The Plosca River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Gagai River
The Gagai River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Totea River
The Totea River is a tributary Amaradia River.

Plopu River (Amaradia)
The Plopu River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Valea Negrenilor River
The Valea Negrenilor River Negreni River is a tributary Amaradia River.

Strâmba River (Amaradia)
The Strâmba River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Văluţa River
The Văluţa River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Slăvuţa River
The Slăvuţa River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Valea Gâlceştilor River
The Valea Gâlceştilor River Gâlceşti River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Poieniţa River
The Poieniţa River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Amărăzuia River
The Amărăzuia River is a tributary Amaradia River inia.

Horga River
The Horga River is a tributary Amărăzuia River inia.

Bassersdorf
Bassersdorf is a municipality in Swiss canton Zurich.

Maurice Duruflé
Maurice Duruflé  was a French composerganist.

Sala São Paulo
The Sala São Paulo is a concert hall in Julio Prestes Cultural Center in city São Paulo, Brazil.

New Sweden
New Sweden  was a colony in USA that existed from 1638 through 1655.

4013 Ogiria
4013 Ogiria  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 21, 1979 by N.

4014
4014  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1979 byykh, N.

4016 Sambre
4016 Sambre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1979 by H.

4017 Disneya
4017 Disneya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1980 by Karachkina, L.

Bobby Fischer
Robert James "Bobby" Fischer  was an-born chessdmaster, World Chess Champion.

4021 Dancey
4021 Dancey  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 30, 1981 by Bowell, E.

4022 Nonna
4022 Nonna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 8, 1981 by Lyudmilaykh at Astrophysical Observatory.

4010 Nikol'skij
4010 Nikol'skij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1977 by N.

4011 Bakharev
4011 Bakharev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1978 byykh, N.

World Chessip
The World Chessip is World Champion in board game chess.

4008 Corbin
4008 Corbin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 22, 1977 by Carlos U.

107P/Wilson-Harrington
Comet Wilson-Harrington is a comet that comes goes every once in a while.

6458 Nouda
6458 Nouda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1992 by T.

6456 Golombek
6456 Golombek  is an Amor asteroid Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on July 27, 1992 by Helin, E.

64553 Segorbe
64553 Segorbe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 2001 by Rafaeldo at Pla D'Arguines.

6452 Johneuller
6452 Johneuller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 17, 1991 by T.

6451 Kärnten
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991.

Phosgene
Phosgene is chemical compound withula COCl2.

6449 Kudara
6449 Kudara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1991 by T.

6447 Terrycole
6447 Terrycole  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1990 by E.

6446 Lomberg
6446 Lomberg  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on August 18, 1990 by E.

6445 Bellmore
6445 Bellmore  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 23, 1990 by E.

WrestleMania XIV
WrestleMania XIV was fourteenthia professional wrestling pay-per-view  event made by World Wrestling Federation , which took place on March 29, 1998 at Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts.

7054 Brehm
7054 Brehm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 6, 1989 by F.

7051
7051  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1985 by C.

7049 Meibom
7049 Meibom  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 24, 1981 by S.

7043 Godart
7043 Godart  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1934 by E.

7042 Carver
7042 Carver  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1933 by K.

7041 Nantucket
7041 Nantucket  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by C.

7040 Hardwood
7040 Harwood  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by van Houten, C.

7039 Yamagata
7039 Yamagata  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 14, 1996 by T.

7037
7037  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 29, 1995 by Y.

Reghiu River
The Reghiu River is a tributary Milcov River inia.

Coza River
The Coza River is a tributary Putna River inia.

Pârâul lui Toader
The Pârâul lui Toader is a headwater Coza River inia.

Pârâul Mioarele
The Pârâul Mioarele is a headwater Coza River inia.

George Drennen Fischer
George Drennen Fischer was an activist spokesman for National Education Association.

Securityced Linux
Securityced Linux  is a Linux feature that gives a variety security rules, including mandatory access controls.

8003 Kelvin
8003 Kelvin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 1987 by E.

8005 Albinadubois
8005 Albinadubois  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 16, 1988 by Helin, E.

8011 Saijokeiichi
8011 Saijokeiichi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 29, 1989 by K.

8013 Gordonmoore
8013 Gordonmoore  is an Amor asteroid Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on May 18, 1990 by E.

Amor asteroid
An amor asteroid is a group asteroids found near Earth thatred after 1221 Amor.

7046etnev
7046etnev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1977 by N.

7048 Chaussidon
7048 Chaussidon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.

Iaşi County
Iaşi is a county ia, in Moldavia.

Ye (Cyrillic)
Ye  E   is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

Phosgene oxime
Phosgene oxime, also is also called dichloroformoxime CX, It is also aapon, a nettle agent.

7061 Pieri
7061 Pieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 15, 1991 by E.

Yo (Cyrillic)
Yo  is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

7062 Meslier
7062 Meslier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 06, 1991 by E.

70679 Urzidil
70679 Urzidil  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1999 by J.

7067 Kiyose
7067 Kiyose  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1993 by M.

7068 Minowa
7068 Minowa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 26, 1994 by Y.

70737 Stenflo
70737 Stenflo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 8, 1999 by S.

7073 Rudbelia
7073 Rudbelia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N.

70745rpieri
70745rpieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 9, 1999 by V.

7074 Muckea
7074 Muckea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 10, 1977 by N.

Pianoro
Pianoro is a town province Bologna in Italy.

Zhe (Cyrillic)
Zhe  is  letter in Cyrillic alphabet.

City limits
The city limits are boundaries that define where a city ends.

European Capital Culture
The Capital Culture is a city chosen by Union for a period calendar year.

Kazuyoshi Miura
Kazuyoshi Miura  is a football player.

Japan Soccer League
Japan Soccer League is a football league in.

Japan Soccer League 1990-91
Statistics Soccer League in season 1990/1991.

Japan Soccer League 1991-92
Statistics Soccer League in season 1991/1992.

J. League Division 1 1993
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 1994
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 1995
Statistics J.

Pierre Littbarski
Pierre Littbarski  is a football player.

Masashi Nakayama
Masashi Nakayama  is a football player.

Patrick Mboma
Patrick Mboma  is a football player.

J. League Division 1 1996
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 1997
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 1998
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 1999
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2000
Statistics J.

Cerise
Cerise is a rose-red color.

J. League Division 1 2001
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2002
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2003
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2004
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2005
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2006
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2007
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2008
Statistics J.

J. League Division 1 2009
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2
J.

J. League Division 2 1999
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2000
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2001
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2002
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2003
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2004
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2005
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2006
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2007
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2008
Statistics J.

J. League Division 2 2009
Statistics J.

Japan Soccer League 1965
Statistics Soccer League in season 1965.

Japan Soccer League 1966
Statistics Soccer League in season 1966.

Japan Soccer League 1967
Statistics Soccer League in season 1967.

Japan Soccer League 1968
Statistics Soccer League in season 1968.

Japan Soccer League 1969
Statistics Soccer League in season 1969.

Japan Soccer League 1970
Statistics Soccer League in season 1970.

Japan Soccer League 1971
Statistics Soccer League in season 1971.

Japan Soccer League 1972
Statistics Soccer League in season 1972.

Japan Soccer League 1973
Statistics Soccer League in season 1973.

Japan Soccer League 1974
Statistics Soccer League in season 1974.

Japan Soccer League 1975
Statistics Soccer League in season 1975.

Japan Soccer League 1976
Statistics Soccer League in season 1976.

Japan Soccer League 1977
Statistics Soccer League in season 1977.

Japan Soccer League 1978
Statistics Soccer League in season 1978.

Japan Soccer League 1979
Statistics Soccer League in season 1979.

Japan Soccer League 1980
Statistics Soccer League in season 1980.

Japan Soccer League 1981
Statistics Soccer League in season 1981.

Japan Soccer League 1982
Statistics Soccer League in season 1982.

Japan Soccer League 1983
Statistics Soccer League in season 1983.

Japan Soccer League 1984
Statistics Soccer League in season 1984.

Japan Soccer League 1985-86
Statistics Soccer League in season 1985/1986.

Japan Soccer League 1986-87
Statistics Soccer League in season 1986/1987.

Japan Soccer League 1987-88
Statistics Soccer League in season 1987/1988.

Japan Soccer League 1988-89
Statistics Soccer League in season 1988/1989.

Japan Soccer League 1989-90
Statistics Soccer League in season 1989/1990.

Japan Football League
Japan Football League is a football league in.

Japan Football League 1992
Statistics Football League in season 1992.

Japan Football League 1993
Statistics Football League in season 1993.

Japan Football League 1994
Statistics Football League in season 1994.

Japan Football League 1995
Statistics Football League in season 1995.

Japan Football League 1996
Statistics Football League in season 1996.

Japan Football League 1997
Statistics Football League in season 1997.

Japan Football League 1998
Statistics Football League in season 1998.

Japan Football League 1999
Statistics Football League in season 1999.

Japan Football League 2000
Statistics Football League in season 2000.

Japan Football League 2001
Statistics Football League in season 2001.

Japan Football League 2002
Statistics Football League in season 2002.

Japan Football League 2003
Statistics Football League in season 2003.

Japan Football League 2004
Statistics Football League in season 2004.

Japan Football League 2005
Statistics Football League in season 2005.

Japan Football League 2006
Statistics Football League in season 2006.

Japan Football League 2007
Statistics Football League in season 2007.

Japan Football League 2008
Statistics Football League in season 2008.

Japan Football League 2009
Statistics Football League in season 2009.

Gamba Osaka
Gamba Osaka is a football club which plays in.

JEF United Ichihara Chiba
JEF United Ichihara Chiba is a football club which plays in.

Kashima Antlers
Kashima Antlers is a football club which plays in.

Júbilo Iwata
Júbilo Iwata is a football club which plays in.

Kashiwa Reysol
Kashiwa Reysol is a football club which plays in.

Cerezo Osaka
Cerezo Osaka is a football club which plays in.

Avispa Fukuoka
Avispa Fukuoka is a football club which plays in.

Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Kyoto Sanga F.C.

Nagoya Grampus Eight
Nagoya Grampus Eight is a football club which plays in.

Sanfrecceima
Sanfrecceima is a football club which plays in.

Shonan Bellmare
Shonan Bellmare is a football club which plays in.

Consadole Sapporo
Consadole Sapporo is a football club which plays in.

Yokohama Flügels
Yokohama Flügels is a football club which has played in.

F.C. Tokyo
F.C.

Kawasaki Frontale
Kawasaki Frontale is a football club which plays in.

Tokyo Verdy
Tokyo Verdy is a football club which plays in.

Urawa Red Diamonds
Urawa Red Diamonds is a football club which plays in.

Yokohama F. Marinos
Yokohama F.

Oita Trinita
Oita Trinita is a football club which plays in.

Albirex Niigata
Albirex Niigata is a football club which plays in.

Yokohama F.C.
Yokohama F.C.

Italian Footballip 1907
Statistics Footballip in season 1907.

Italian Footballip 1908
Statistics Footballip in season 1908.

Italian Footballip 1909
Statistics Footballip in season 1909.

Italian Footballip 1909-10
Statistics Footballip in season 1909/1910.

Italian Footballip 1910-11
Statistics Footballip in season 1910/1911.

Italian Footballip 1911-12
Statistics Footballip in season 1911/1912.

Italian Footballip 1912-13
Statistics Footballip in season 1912/1913.

Italian Footballip 1913-14
Statistics Footballip in season 1913/1914.

Italian Footballip 1914-15
Statistics Footballip in season 1914/1915.

Newd
Newd  was a Dutch colony in United States from 1614 through 1664 from 1673 through 1674.

Workstation
A workstation is a computer technical calculations, purposes.

X.Org Foundation
The X.Org Foundation is a group responsible for making X Window System.

Capillaritis
Capillaritis is where capillaries are than should be..

Plan 9 from Bell Labs
Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a distributed operating system meaning many computers could be used as a computer.

Carnegie Hall
Carnegie Hall is a concert hall in New York.

Musikverein
The Musikverein in Vienna, Austria is famous concert halls in world.

Vienna New Year's Concert
The New Year Concert Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra is a concert classical music that takes place each year on morning 1 January in Vienna, Austria.

WWF The Wrestling Classic
The Wrestling Classic was a World Wrestling Federation  pay-per-view  event that took place on November 7, 1985 from Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois.

Professional wrestling promotion
A professional wrestling promotion  is a company business that performs regular shows involving professional wrestling.

George Enescu
George Enescu  was a composer.

Cumans
Thesre a travelling people who lived in area along Black Sea near Volga River.

7035 Gomi
7035 Gomi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 28, 1995 by K.

7032 Hitchcock
7032 Hitchcock  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1994 byisada Shimizuisada Shimizu at Nachi-Katsuura Observatory.

7030 Colombini
7030 Colombini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1993 by Vagnozzi, A.

Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory
The Osservatorio Astrometrico Santa Lucia Stroncone  is an observatory that studies stars in sky.

7028 Tachikawa
7028 Tachikawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 5, 1993 by M.

7027da
7027da  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 11, 1993 by T.

7020 Yourcenar
7020 Yourcenar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 4, 1992 by E.

70179 Beppechiara
70179 Beppechiara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1999 by S.

7017
7017  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 1, 1992 by T.

7016doyle
7016doyle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 30, 1991 by T.

German South-West Africa
German South West Africa  was a colony in Africa from 1884 through 1915.

7015 Schopenhauer
7015 Schopenhauer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1990 by E.

7012 Hobbes
7012 Hobbes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E.

7011 Worley
7011 Worley  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1987 by E.

7010 Locke
7010 Locke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 28, 1987 by E.

7009 Hume
7009 Hume  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1987 by E.W.

7008 Pavlov
7008 Pavlov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1985 by N.

7007 Timjull
7007 Timjull  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.

7006 Folco
7006 Folco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.

7005 Henninghaack
7005 Henninghaack  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.

7004 Markthiemens
7004 Markthiemens is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on July 24, 1979 by S.

70030 Margaretmiller
70030 Margaretmiller  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1999 by B.

7003 Zoyamironova
7003 Zoyamironova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 25, 1976 by N.

7002ten
7002ten  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on July 26, 1971 by N.

(7103) 1953 GH
 1953 GH is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on April 7, 1953.

(5657) 1936 QE1
 1936 QE1 is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on August 28, 1936.

20019aka
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 2, 1991.

20024 Mayrémartínez
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992.

20060nforster
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 15, 1993.

Ender's Game series
The Ender's Game series  is a series books written by Orson Scott Card.

120103 Dolero
is a main belt asteroid that was foudn on March 24, 2003.

120460 Hambach
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 13, 1990.

12051 Picha
is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 2, 1997.

12131ach
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

107638
107638  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 15, 2001 by D.

115801 Punahou
115801 Punahou is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Junk Bond Observatory on October 23, 2003.

Pula
Pula  is city in Istria County, Croatia.

11580 Bautzen
11580 Bautzen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

115950 Kocherpeter
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 18, 2003.

11592 Clintkelly
11592 Clintkelly  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 23, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

11593 Uchikawa
11593 Uchikawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 20, 1995 by K.

11520 Fromm
11520 Fromm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.

11510 Borges
11510 Borges  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by E.

11514 Tsunenaga
11514 Tsunenaga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1991 by M.

11518 Jung
11518 Jung  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.

11504 Kazo
11504 Kazo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 21, 1990 by T.

11492 Shimose
11492 Shimose  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1988 by K.

11494 Hibiki
11494 Hibiki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by M.

11495 Fukunaga
11495 Fukunaga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 3, 1988 by K.

11496 Grass
11496 Grass  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1989 by F.

11481nya
11481nya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 22, 1987 by E.

11473 Barbaresco
11473 Barbaresco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1982 by E.

114649neacker
114649neacker is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Bernard Christophe on March 6, 2003.

11450 Shearer
11450 Shearer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.

11451 Aarongolden
11451 Aarongolden  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.

1938-39 NHL season
The 1938–39 NHL season was season National Hockey League .

11445 Fedotov
11445 Fedotov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1978 by L.

11446kur
11446kur  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1978 by L.

12022 Hilbert
12022 Hilbert  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1996 by P.

Berne, New York
Berne is a town iny County, New York, United States.

12032 Ivory
12032 Ivory  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1997 by P.

12033 Anselmo
12033 Anselmo  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1997 by M.

12035 Ruggieri
12035 Ruggieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 1, 1997 by V.

12040 Jacobi
12040 Jacobi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 8, 1997 by P.

120405 Svyatylivka
120405 Svyatylivka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2005 by O.

12050 Humecronyn
12050 Humecronyn  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 27, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

12061 Alena
12061 Alena  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 21, 1998 by T.

6186 Zenon
6186 Zenon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E.

Brown University
Brown University is a private university located in Providence, Rhoded, United States is a member Ivy League.

12533 Edmond
12533 Edmond  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 2, 1998 by T.

Rutgers University
Rutgers, The State University New Jersey , is institution for higher education in state New Jersey.

90713tor
90713tor  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by T.

23504 Haneda
23504 Haneda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 7, 1992 by T.

27716 Nobuyuki
27716 Nobuyuki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1989 by T.

27739 Kimihiro
27739 Kimihiro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 17, 1990 by T.

21014i
21014i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1988 by T.

Southern Cassowary
The Cassowary , also known as Double-wattled Cassowary Two-wattled Cassowary, is ae flightless black bird with hard stiff plumage, two dangling red wattles a bony lump on its head called a casque.

17508
17508  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1992 by T.

10321 Rampo
10321 Rampo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1990 by T.

52455 Masamika
52455 Masamika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 6, 1995 by T.

48495 Ryugado
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 16, 1993.

48482 Oruki
is a main belt asteroid that was found on February 5, 1992.

Pennsylvania State System Higher Education
Theia State System Higher Education  is provider higher education inia ae public university system in United States.

Macy'sksgiving Day Parade
The Macy'sksgiving Day Parade is a parade broadcasted on NBC everyksgiving.

39809
39809  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 30, 1997 by T.

7594 Shotaro
7594 Shotaro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 19, 1993 by T.

8428 Okiko
8428 Okiko  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1997 by T.

Indiana Universityia
Indiana Universityia  is a public university located in borougha,ia, USA, northeast Pittsburgh.

6720 Gifu
6720 Gifu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by T.

7094
7094  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1992 by T.

7235
7235  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1986 by T.

7410 Kawazoe
7410 Kawazoe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1990 by T.

7650 Kaname
7650 Kaname  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1990 by T.

10547 Yosakoi
10547 Yosakoi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 2, 1992 by T.

12084 Unno
12084 Unno  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1998 by T.

13933 Charleville
13933 Charleville  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by T.

30879ai
30879ai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 25, 1992 by T.

Rockville,d
Rockville is county seat Montgomery County,d, United States.

27740 Obatomoyuki
27740 Obatomoyuki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1990 by T.

10078thorpe
10078thorpe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1989 by Tsutomu Seki at Geisei.

Montgomery County,d
Montgomery County U.S.

10091
10091  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by Tsutomu Seki at Geisei.

10094 Eijikato
10094 Eijikato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 20, 1991 by Tsutomu Seki at Geisei.

10167iwatiso
10167iwatiso  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1995 by T.

Of a Revolution
Of a Revolution, better known as O.A.R., is an rock band consisting Marc Roberge , Chris Culos , Richard On , Benj , Jerry DePizzo .

George Grill
The George Fat-Reducing Grilling Machine, commonly known as George Grill, is an indoor, electrically-heated grill manufactured by Salton, Inc.

21022 Ike
21022 Ike  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 2, 1989 by T.

Lava Records
Lava Records is an record label that is owned by Warner Music Group.

Treacle
Treacle is a type syrup.

10300 Tanakadate
10300 Tanakadate  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 6, 1989 by T.

11321 Tosimatumoto
11321 Tosimatumoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1995 by T.

11878 Hanamiyama
11878 Hanamiyama  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 18, 1990 by T.

13989i
13989i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 16, 1993 by T.

15723 Girraween
15723 Girraween  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1990 by T.

17509
17509  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 4, 1992 by T.

18365 Shimomoto
18365 Shimomoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1990 by T.

21016 Miyazawaseiroku
21016 Miyazawaseiroku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by T.

21089 Mochizuki
21089 Mochizuki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 8, 1992 by T.

23587 Abukumado
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 2, 1995.

12070 Kilkis
12070 Kilkis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

12111 Ulm
12111 Ulm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 1998 by E.

12113 Hollows
12113 Hollows  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 29, 1998 by J.

12127 Mamiya
12127 Mamiya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999 by K.

12128 Palermiti
12128 Palermiti  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 13, 1999 by C.

Bulgarians
Bulgarians are a Slavic people.

Romanian leu
The leu is money that is used inia.

Mandatory access control
In computer security, a mandatory access control  means a type access control by which operating system changes way a "subject" (e.g.

Access control
Access control is ability to allow deny use a certain object by a certain person entity.

Linux Security Modules
Linux Security Modules  is a framework that allows Linux kernel to support a variety computer security models while avoiding favoritism toward any single security implementation.

Black
The Black  is ae waterbird whichly breeds in southeast southwest areas Australia.

12190 Sarkisov
12190 Sarkisov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 27, 1978 by L.

4023 Jarník
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 25, 1981.

4024
4024  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1981 by E.

4025 Ridley
4025 Ridley  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1981 by E.

4026 Beet
4026 Beet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 30, 1982 by Bowell, E.

4027 Mitton
4027 Mitton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1982 by E.

4019 Klavetter
4019 Klavetter  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by S.

Common Desktop Environment
The Common Desktop Environment  is a desktop environment for Unix.

4018 Bratislava
4018 Bratislava  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 30, 1980 by Mrkos, A.

4028 Pancratz
4028 Pancratz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 18, 1982 by L.

4029 Bridges
4029 Bridges  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 24, 1982 by Shoemaker, C.

4030 Archenhold
4030 Archenhold  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1984 by H.

Colombian Professional Football 2001
Statistics Professional Football in season 2001.

Colombian Professional Football 2002
Statistics Professional Football in season 2002.

Colombian Professional Football 2003
Statistics Professional Football in season 2003.

Colombian Professional Football 2004
Statistics Professional Football in season 2004.

Colombian Professional Football 2005
Statistics Professional Football in season 2005.

Colombian Professional Football 2006
Statistics Professional Football in season 2006.

Colombian Professional Football 2007
Statistics Professional Football in season 2007.

Colombian Professional Football 2008
Statistics Professional Football in season 2008.

Italian Footballip 1919-20
Statistics Footballip in season 1919/1920.

Italian Footballip 1920-21
Statistics Footballip in season 1920/1921.

Italian Footballip 1921-22
Statistics Footballip in season 1921/1922.

Italian Footballip 1922-23
Statistics Footballip in season 1922/1923.

Italian Footballip 1923-24
Statistics Footballip in season 1923/1924.

Italian Footballip 1924-25
Statistics Footballip in season 1924/1925.

Italian Footballip 1925-26
Statistics Footballip in season 1925/1926.

Italian Footballip 1926-27
Statistics Footballip in season 1926/1927.

Italian Footballip 1927-28
Statistics Footballip in season 1927/1928.

Italian Footballip 1928-29
Statistics Footballip in season 1928/1929.

Serie A 1929-30
Statistics Serie A in season 1929/1930.

Serie A 1930-31
Statistics Serie A in season 1930/1931.

Serie A 1931-32
Statistics Serie A in season 1931/1932.

Serie A 1932-33
Statistics Serie A in season 1932/1933.

Serie A 1933-34
Statistics Serie A in season 1933/1934.

Serie A 1934-35
Statistics Serie A in season 1934/1935.

Serie A 1935-36
Statistics Serie A in season 1935/1936.

Serie A 1936-37
Statistics Serie A in season 1936/1937.

Serie A 1937-38
Statistics Serie A in season 1937/1938.

Serie A 1938-39
Statistics Serie A in season 1938/1939.

Serie A 1939-40
Statistics Serie A in season 1939/1940.

Serie A 1940-41
Statistics Serie A in season 1940/1941.

Serie A 1941-42
Statistics Serie A in season 1941/1942.

Serie A 1942-43
Statistics Serie A in season 1942/1943.

Campionato Alta Italia 1944
Statistics Campionato Alta Italia in season 1944.

Serie A 1945-46
Statistics Serie A in season 1945/1946.

Serie A 1946-47
Statistics Serie A in season 1946/1947.

Serie A 1947-48
Statistics Serie A in season 1947/1948.

Serie A 1948-49
Statistics Serie A in season 1948/1949.

Serie A 1949-50
Statistics Serie A in season 1949/1950.

Serie A 1950-51
Statistics Serie A in season 1950/1951.

Serie A 1951-52
Statistics Serie A in season 1951/1952.

Serie A 1952-53
Statistics Serie A in season 1952/1953.

Serie A 1953-54
Statistics Serie A in season 1953/1954.

Serie A 1954-55
Statistics Serie A in season 1954/1955.

Serie A 1955-56
Statistics Serie A in season 1955/1956.

Serie A 1956-57
Statistics Serie A in season 1956/1957.

Serie A 1965-66
Statistics Serie A in season 1965/1966.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1962-63
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1962/1963.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1963-64
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1963/1964.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1964-65
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1964/1965.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1965-66
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1965/1966.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1966-67
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1966/1967.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1967-68
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1967/1968.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1968-69
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1968/1969.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1969-70
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1969/1970.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1970-71
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1970/1971.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1971-72
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1971/1972.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1972-73
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1972/1973.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1973-74
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1973/1974.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1976-77
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1976/1977.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1978-79
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1978/1979.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1979-80
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1979/1980.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1980-81
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1980/1981.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1981-82
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1981/1982.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1982-83
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1982/1983.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1983-84
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1983/1984.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1984-85
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1984/1985.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1985-86
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1985/1986.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1986-87
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1986/1987.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1987-88
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1987/1988.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1988-89
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1988/1989.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1989-90
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1989/1990.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1990-91
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1990/1991.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1991-92
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1991/1992.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1992-93
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1992/1993.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1993-94
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1993/1994.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1994-95
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1994/1995.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1995-96
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1995/1996.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1996-97
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1996/1997.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1997-98
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1997/1998.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1998-99
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1998/1999.

Football Leagued Premier Division 1999-00
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 1999/2000.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2000-01
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2000/2001.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2001-02
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2001/2002.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2002-03
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2002/2003.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2003
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2003.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2004
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2004.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2005
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2005.

Football Leagued Premier Division 2006
Statistics Football Leagued Premier Division in season 2006.

FAI Premier Division 2007
Statistics FAI Premier Division in season 2007.

FAI Premier Division 2008
Statistics FAI Premier Division in season 2008.

Division 1 1969-70
Statistics Division 1 in season 1969/1970.

Division 1 1970-71
Statistics Division 1 in season 1970/1971.

Division 1 1971-72
Statistics Division 1 in season 1971/1972.

The Football League 1927-28
Statistics The Football League in season 1927/1928.

Prva HNL
Prva HNL is a football league in Croatia.

Prva HNL 1992
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1992.

Prva HNL 1992-93
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1992/1993.

Prva HNL 1993-94
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1993/1994.

Prva HNL 1994-95
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1994/1995.

Prva HNL 1995-96
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1995/1996.

Prva HNL 1996-97
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1996/1997.

Prva HNL 1997-98
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1997/1998.

Prva HNL 1998-99
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1998/1999.

Prva HNL 1999-00
Statistics Prva HNL in season 1999/2000.

Prva HNL 2000-01
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2000/2001.

Prva HNL 2001-02
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2001/2002.

Prva HNL 2002-03
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2002/2003.

Prva HNL 2003-04
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2003/2004.

Prva HNL 2004-05
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2004/2005.

Prva HNL 2005-06
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2005/2006.

Prva HNL 2006-07
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2006/2007.

Prva HNL 2007-08
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2007/2008.

Prva HNL 2008-09
Statistics Prva HNL in season 2008/2009.

A-League
A-League is a football league in Australia Newd.

A-League 2005-06
Statistics A-League in season 2005/2006.

A-League 2006-07
Statistics A-League in season 2006/2007.

A-League 2007-08
Statistics A-League in season 2007/2008.

Eredivisie
Eredivisie is a football league inds.

Eredivisie 1956-57
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1956/1957.

Eredivisie 1957-58
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1957/1958.

Eredivisie 1958-59
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1958/1959.

Eredivisie 1959-60
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1959/1960.

Eredivisie 1960-61
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1960/1961.

Eredivisie 1961-62
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1961/1962.

Eredivisie 1962-63
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1962/1963.

Eredivisie 1963-64
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1963/1964.

Eredivisie 1964-65
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1964/1965.

Eredivisie 1965-66
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1965/1966.

Eredivisie 1966-67
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1966/1967.

Eredivisie 1967-68
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1967/1968.

Eredivisie 1968-69
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1968/1969.

Eredivisie 1969-70
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1969/1970.

Eredivisie 1970-71
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1970/1971.

Eredivisie 1971-72
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1971/1972.

Eredivisie 1972-73
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1972/1973.

Eredivisie 1973-74
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1973/1974.

Eredivisie 1974-75
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1974/1975.

Eredivisie 1975-76
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1975/1976.

Eredivisie 1976-77
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1976/1977.

Eredivisie 1977-78
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1977/1978.

Eredivisie 1978-79
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1978/1979.

Eredivisie 1979-80
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1979/1980.

Eredivisie 1980-81
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1980/1981.

Eredivisie 1981-82
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1981/1982.

Eredivisie 1982-83
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1982/1983.

Eredivisie 1983-84
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1983/1984.

Eredivisie 1984-85
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1984/1985.

Eredivisie 1985-86
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1985/1986.

Eredivisie 1986-87
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1986/1987.

Eredivisie 1987-88
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1987/1988.

Eredivisie 1988-89
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1988/1989.

Eredivisie 1989-90
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1989/1990.

Eredivisie 1990-91
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1990/1991.

Eredivisie 1991-92
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1991/1992.

Eredivisie 1992-93
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1992/1993.

Eredivisie 1993-94
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1993/1994.

Eredivisie 1994-95
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1994/1995.

Eredivisie 1995-96
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1995/1996.

Eredivisie 1996-97
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1996/1997.

Eredivisie 1997-98
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1997/1998.

Eredivisie 1998-99
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1998/1999.

Eredivisie 1999-00
Statistics Eredivisie in season 1999/2000.

Eredivisie 2000-01
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2000/2001.

Eredivisie 2001-02
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2001/2002.

Eredivisie 2002-03
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2002/2003.

Eredivisie 2003-04
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2003/2004.

Eredivisie 2004-05
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2004/2005.

Eredivisie 2005-06
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2005/2006.

Eredivisie 2006-07
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2006/2007.

Eredivisie 2007-08
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2007/2008.

Eredivisie 2008-09
Statistics Eredivisie in season 2008/2009.

North Soccer League
North Soccer League is a football league in United States Canada.

North Soccer League 1968
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1968.

North Soccer League 1969
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1969.

North Soccer League 1970
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1970.

North Soccer League 1971
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1971.

North Soccer League 1972
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1972.

North Soccer League 1973
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1973.

North Soccer League 1974
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1974.

North Soccer League 1975
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1975.

North Soccer League 1976
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1976.

North Soccer League 1977
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1977.

North Soccer League 1978
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1978.

North Soccer League 1979
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1979.

North Soccer League 1980
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1980.

North Soccer League 1981
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1981.

North Soccer League 1982
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1982.

North Soccer League 1983
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1983.

North Soccer League 1984
Statistics North Soccer League in season 1984.

Propositional logic
Propositional logic is aal system in mathematics logic.

Austrian Bundesliga
Austrian Bundesliga is a football league in Austria.

Austrian Bundesliga 1911-12
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1911/1912.

Austrian Bundesliga 1912-13
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1912/1913.

Austrian Bundesliga 1913-14
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1913/1914.

Austrian Bundesliga 1914-15
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1914/1915.

Austrian Bundesliga 1915-16
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1915/1916.

Austrian Bundesliga 1916-17
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1916/1917.

Austrian Bundesliga 1917-18
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1917/1918.

Austrian Bundesliga 1918-19
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1918/1919.

Austrian Bundesliga 1919-20
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1919/1920.

Austrian Bundesliga 1920-21
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1920/1921.

Austrian Bundesliga 1921-22
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1921/1922.

Austrian Bundesliga 1922-23
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1922/1923.

Austrian Bundesliga 1923-24
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1923/1924.

Austrian Bundesliga 1924-25
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1924/1925.

Austrian Bundesliga 1925-26
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1925/1926.

Austrian Bundesliga 1926-27
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1926/1927.

Austrian Bundesliga 1927-28
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1927/1928.

Austrian Bundesliga 1928-29
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1928/1929.

BC Lions
The BC Lions are a Football League team from Vancouver, BC.

Austrian Bundesliga 1929-30
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1929/1930.

Austrian Bundesliga 1930-31
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1930/1931.

Austrian Bundesliga 1931-32
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1931/1932.

Austrian Bundesliga 1932-33
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1932/1933.

Austrian Bundesliga 1933-34
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1933/1934.

Austrian Bundesliga 1934-35
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1934/1935.

Austrian Bundesliga 1935-36
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1935/1936.

Austrian Bundesliga 1936-37
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1936/1937.

Austrian Bundesliga 1937-38
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1937/1938.

Austrian Bundesliga 1938-39
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1938/1939.

Austrian Bundesliga 1939-40
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1939/1940.

Austrian Bundesliga 1940-41
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1940/1941.

Austrian Bundesliga 1941-42
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1941/1942.

Austrian Bundesliga 1942-43
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1942/1943.

Austrian Bundesliga 1943-44
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1943/1944.

Austrian Bundesliga 1944-45
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1944/1945.

Austrian Bundesliga 1945-46
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1945/1946.

Austrian Bundesliga 1946-47
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1946/1947.

Austrian Bundesliga 1947-48
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1947/1948.

Austrian Bundesliga 1948-49
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1948/1949.

Austrian Bundesliga 1949-50
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1949/1950.

Austrian Bundesliga 1950-51
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1950/1951.

Austrian Bundesliga 1951-52
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1951/1952.

Austrian Bundesliga 1952-53
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1952/1953.

Austrian Bundesliga 1953-54
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1953/1954.

Austrian Bundesliga 1954-55
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1954/1955.

Austrian Bundesliga 1955-56
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1955/1956.

Austrian Bundesliga 1956-57
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1956/1957.

Austrian Bundesliga 1957-58
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1957/1958.

Austrian Bundesliga 1958-59
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1958/1959.

Austrian Bundesliga 1959-60
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1959/1960.

Austrian Bundesliga 1960-61
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1960/1961.

Austrian Bundesliga 1961-62
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1961/1962.

Austrian Bundesliga 1962-63
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1962/1963.

Austrian Bundesliga 1963-64
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1963/1964.

Austrian Bundesliga 1964-65
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1964/1965.

Austrian Bundesliga 1965-66
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1965/1966.

Austrian Bundesliga 1966-67
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1966/1967.

Austrian Bundesliga 1967-68
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1967/1968.

Austrian Bundesliga 1968-69
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1968/1969.

Austrian Bundesliga 1969-70
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1969/1970.

Austrian Bundesliga 1970-71
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1970/1971.

Austrian Bundesliga 1971-72
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1971/1972.

Austrian Bundesliga 1972-73
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1972/1973.

Austrian Bundesliga 1973-74
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1973/1974.

Austrian Bundesliga 1974-75
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1974/1975.

Austrian Bundesliga 1975-76
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1975/1976.

Austrian Bundesliga 1976-77
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1976/1977.

Austrian Bundesliga 1977-78
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1977/1978.

Austrian Bundesliga 1978-79
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1978/1979.

Austrian Bundesliga 1979-80
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1979/1980.

Austrian Bundesliga 1980-81
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1980/1981.

Austrian Bundesliga 1981-82
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1981/1982.

Austrian Bundesliga 1982-83
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1982/1983.

Austrian Bundesliga 1983-84
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1983/1984.

Austrian Bundesliga 1984-85
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1984/1985.

Austrian Bundesliga 1985-86
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1985/1986.

Austrian Bundesliga 1986-87
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1986/1987.

Austrian Bundesliga 1987-88
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1987/1988.

Austrian Bundesliga 1988-89
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1988/1989.

Austrian Bundesliga 1989-90
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1989/1990.

Austrian Bundesliga 1990-91
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1990/1991.

Austrian Bundesliga 1991-92
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1991/1992.

Austrian Bundesliga 1992-93
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1992/1993.

Austrian Bundesliga 1993-94
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1993/1994.

Austrian Bundesliga 1994-95
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1994/1995.

Austrian Bundesliga 1995-96
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1995/1996.

Austrian Bundesliga 1996-97
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1996/1997.

Austrian Bundesliga 1997-98
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1997/1998.

Austrian Bundesliga 1998-99
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1998/1999.

Austrian Bundesliga 1999-00
Statistics Bundesliga in season 1999/2000.

Austrian Bundesliga 2000-01
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2000/2001.

Austrian Bundesliga 2001-02
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2001/2002.

Austrian Bundesliga 2002-03
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2002/2003.

Austrian Bundesliga 2003-04
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2003/2004.

Austrian Bundesliga 2004-05
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2004/2005.

Austrian Bundesliga 2005-06
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2005/2006.

Austrian Bundesliga 2006-07
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2006/2007.

Austrian Bundesliga 2007-08
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2007/2008.

Austrian Bundesliga 2008-09
Statistics Bundesliga in season 2008/2009.

Transmission Control Protocol
Thesmission Control Protocol  is main protocolset Protocol Suite.

Monologue
A monologue is a long, uninterrupted speech poem by person.

Ann Dunham
Ann Dunham Soetoro  was an anthropologist.

Canadian Albums Chart
The Albums Chart isficial album sales chart in Canada.

Wendy's
Wendy's is an international chain fast food restaurants founded by Dave Thomas on November 15, 1969 in Columbus, Ohio.

Megamouth shark
The Megamouth shark is ae, slow-swimming, timid shark that was only discovered in 1976.

100029 Varnhagen
100029 Varnhagen is an asteroid that was found by Freimut Börngen Lutz D.

Toothpaste
Toothpaste is a liquific substance, a toothbrush inder to aidself with act toothbrushing.

100033 Taizé
100033 Taizé is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Freimut Börngen on April 9, 1990.

100047 Leobaeck
100047 Leobaeck is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Freimut Börngen Lutz D.

12002 Suess
12002 Suess  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 19, 1996 by P.

12003 Hideosugai
12003 Hideosugai  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1996 by T.

120040 Pagliarini
120040 Pagliarini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 24, 2003 by A.

12007 Fermat
12007 Fermat  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 11, 1996 by P.

Karl Goldmark
Karl Goldmark  was a composer.

12008 Kandrup
12008 Kandrup  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on October 11, 1996 by T.

12016 Green
12016 Green  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 1, 1996 by P.

120174 Jeffjenny
120174 Jeffjenny  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

11998 Fermilab
11998 Fermilab  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 12, 1996 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

11997 Fassel
11997 Fassel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

11987 Yonematsu
11987 Yonematsu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 15, 1995 by K.

11981 Boncompagni
11981 Boncompagni  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on 20 October 1995 at Osservatorio San Vittore.

11980 Ellis
11980 Ellis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

11978 Makotomasako
11978 Makotomasako  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1995 by K.

11521 Erikson
11521 Erikson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 10, 1991 by E.

11524 Pleyel
11524 Pleyel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 2, 1991 by E.

11528 Mie
11528 Mie  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 3, 1991 by Y.

11530 d'Indy
11530 d'Indy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 2, 1992 by E.

115312 Whither
115312 Whither  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

115326 Wehinger
115326 Wehinger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 2003 by D.

11537 Guericke
11537 Guericke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 1992 by F.

115477ica
115477ica  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

11545imoto
11545imoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1992 by K.

11547 Griesser
11547 Griesser  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 31, 1992 by F.

11552 Boucolion
11552 Boucolion  is a Jupiter that was found on January 27, 1993 by E.

Ferruccio Busoni
Ferruccio Busoni  was an composer, pianist, teacher conductor.

Organ system
In biology, a system is a groupgans that work together for a similar goal.

11554 Asios
11554 Asios  is a Jupiter that was found on January 22, 1993 by E.

BBC Radio 7
BBC Radio 7  is a digital radio station including comedy, drama, children's programming nationally 24 hours a day.

13001 Woodney
13001 Woodney  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1981 by B.

1301 Yvonne
1301 Yvonne  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 07, 1934 by L.

14014 Münchhausen
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 14, 1994.

14016 Steller
14016 Steller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 16, 1994 by E.

14024 Procul Harum
14024 Procol Harum  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1994 by P.

(7449) 1949 QL
 1949 QL is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on August 21, 1949.

10778 Marcks
10778 Marcks  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991 by F.

10671 Mazurova
10671 Mazurova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1977 by N.

10672 Kostyukova
10672 Kostyukova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978 by N.

Old world foods
Before discovery America, certain foodsre not known to Afro diet.

10675 Kharlamov
10675 Kharlamov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 1, 1978 by L.

107074 Ansonsylva
107074 Ansonsylva is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Near Earth Asteroid Tracking on January 4, 2001.

Chinese herbology
Chinese herbs do not grow in China only.

10676ell
10676ell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 25, 1979 by E.

(7542) 1953 GN
 1953 GN is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on April 7, 1953.

25142 Hopf
25142 Hopf is an asteroid that was found by Paul G.

10004 Igormakarov
10004 Igormakarov  is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on November 2, 1975 by T.

10008yo
10008yo  is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on February 18, 1977 by H.

154660 Kavelaars
154660 Kavelaars  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 29, 2004 by David D.

157194 Saddlemyer
157194 Saddlemyer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 2004 by David D.

157640 Baumeler
157640 Baumeler  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 1, 2006 by Peter Kocher at Observatory Naef Ependes.

157421 Carolpercy
157421 Carolpercy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 8, 2004 by T.

157473 Emuno
157473 Emuno  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 23, 2005 by Lacruz at Observatorio de La Cañada.

17023 Abbott
17023 Abbott  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 7, 1999 by J.

17024 Costello
17024 Costello  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 15, 1999 by J.

17000 Medvedev
17000 Medvedev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17002 Kouzel
17002 Kouzel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17004 Sinkevich
17004 Sinkevich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17019 Aldo
17019 Aldo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 23, 1999 by M.

17025 Pilachowski
17025 Pilachowski  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 13, 1999 by R.

17029dre
17029dre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 17, 1999 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

King's Peak
King's Peak is a mountain that can be found on Vancouverd in Columbia, CAN.

Mount Overill
Mount Overill is a volcanic mount that can be found in southwestern Columbia in Canada.

Béhasque-Lapiste
Béhasque-Lapiste is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aast, Pyrénéestiques
Aast, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Abidos, Pyrénéestiques
Abidos, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Abitain
Abitain is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Abos, Pyrénéestiques
Abos, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Abère
Abère is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Accous
Accous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Agnos
Agnos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ahaxe-Alciette
Ahaxe-Alciette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ahetze
Ahetze is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aincille
Aincille is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ainharp
Ainharp is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ainhice-Mongelos
Ainhice-Mongelos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ainhoa, Pyrénéestiques
Ainhoa, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aldudes
Aldudes is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Alos-Sibas-Abense
Alos-Sibas-Abense is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Alçay-Alçabéhéty-Sunharette
Alçay-Alçabéhéty-Sunharette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Amendeuix-Oneix
Amendeuix-Oneix is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Amorots-Succos
Amorots-Succos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ance
Ance is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Andoins
Andoins is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Andrein
Andrein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Angaïs
Angaïs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Anglet
Anglet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Angous
Angous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Anhaux
Anhaux is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Anos
Anos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Anoye
Anoye is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aramits
Aramits is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arancou
Arancou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Araujuzon
Araujuzon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Araux
Araux is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arbonne
Arbonne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arbouet-Sussaute
Arbouet-Sussaute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arbus, Pyrénéestiques
Arbus, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arbérats-Sillègue
Arbérats-Sillègue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arcangues
Arcangues is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aren
Aren is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aressy
Aressy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arette
Arette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Argagnon
Argagnon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Argelos, Pyrénéestiques
Argelos, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arget
Arget is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arhansus
Arhansus is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Armendarits
Armendarits is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arnos
Arnos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arnéguy
Arnéguy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aroue-Ithorots-Olhaïby
Aroue-Ithorots-Olhaïby is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arrast-Larrebieu
Arrast-Larrebieu is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arraute-Charritte
Arraute-Charritte is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arricau-Bordes
Arricau-Bordes is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arrien
Arrien is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arros-de-Nay
Arros-de-Nay is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arrosès
Arrosès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arthez-d'Asson
Arthez-d'Asson is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arthez-de-Béarn
Arthez-de-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Artigueloutan
Artigueloutan is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Artiguelouve
Artiguelouve is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Artix, Pyrénéestiques
Artix, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arudy
Arudy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Arzacq-Arraziguet
Arzacq-Arraziguet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Asasp-Arros
Asasp-Arros is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ascain
Ascain is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ascarat
Ascarat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Assat
Assat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Asson
Asson is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aste-Béon
Aste-Béon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Astis
Astis is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Athos-Aspis
Athos-Aspis is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aubertin
Aubertin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aubin, Pyrénéestiques
Aubin, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aubous
Aubous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Audaux
Audaux is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Auga
Auga is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Auriac, Pyrénéestiques
Auriac, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aurionses
Aurionses is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aussevielle
Aussevielle is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aussurucq
Aussurucq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Auterrive
Auterrive is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Autevielle-Saint-Martin-Bideren
Autevielle-Saint-Martin-Bideren is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aydie
Aydie is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aydius
Aydius is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ayherre
Ayherre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast
Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Baigts-de-Béarn
Baigts-de-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Balansun
Balansun is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Baleix
Baleix is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Baliracq-Maumusson
Baliracq-Maumusson is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Baliros
Baliros is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Banca, Pyrénéestiques
Banca, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Barcus
Barcus is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bardos, Pyrénéestiques
Bardos, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Barinque
Barinque is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Barraute-Camu
Barraute-Camu is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Barzun, Pyrénéestiques
Barzun, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bassillon-Vauzé
Bassillon-Vauzé is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bassussarry
Bassussarry is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bastanès
Bastanès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Baudreix
Baudreix is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bayonne
Bayonne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bedous
Bedous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bellocq
Bellocq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bentayou-Sérée
Bentayou-Sérée is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bergouey-Viellenave
Bergouey-Viellenave is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bernadets
Bernadets is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Berrogain-Laruns
Berrogain-Laruns is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bescat
Bescat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Beuste
Beuste is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Beyrie-en-Béarn
Beyrie-en-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Beyrie-sur-Joyeuse
Beyrie-sur-Joyeuse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Biarritz
Biarritz is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bidache
Bidache is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bidarray
Bidarray is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bidart
Bidart is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bidos
Bidos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bielle
Bielle is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bilhères
Bilhères is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Billère
Billère is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Biriatou
Biriatou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Biron, Pyrénéestiques
Biron, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bizanos
Bizanos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Boeil-Bezing
Boeil-Bezing is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bonloc
Bonloc is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bonnut
Bonnut is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Borce
Borce is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bordes, Pyrénéestiques
Bordes, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bordères
Bordères is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bosdarros
Bosdarros is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Boucau
Boucau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Boueilh-Boueilho-Lasque
Boueilh-Boueilho-Lasque is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bougarber
Bougarber is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bouillon, Pyrénéestiques
Bouillon, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Boumourt
Boumourt is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bourdettes
Bourdettes is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bournos
Bournos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Briscous
Briscous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bruges-Capbis-Mifaget
Bruges-Capbis-Mifaget is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bugnein
Bugnein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bunus
Bunus is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Burgaronne
Burgaronne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Buros
Buros is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Burosse-Mendousse
Burosse-Mendousse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bussunarits-Sarrasquette
Bussunarits-Sarrasquette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bustince-Iriberry
Bustince-Iriberry is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Buziet
Buziet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Buzy, Pyrénéestiques
Buzy, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bédeille, Pyrénéestiques
Bédeille, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Béguios
Béguios is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Béhorléguy
Béhorléguy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bénéjacq
Bénéjacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Béost
Béost is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bérenx
Bérenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bésingrand
Bésingrand is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Bétracq
Bétracq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cabidos
Cabidos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cadillon
Cadillon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cambo-les-Bains
Cambo-les-Bains is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Came, Pyrénéestiques
Came, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Camou-Cihigue
Camou-Cihigue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cardesse
Cardesse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Carresse-Cassaber
Carresse-Cassaber is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Carrère
Carrère is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castagnède, Pyrénéestiques
Castagnède, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Casteide-Cami
Casteide-Cami is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Casteide-Candau
Casteide-Candau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Casteide-Doat
Casteide-Doat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castet
Castet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castetbon
Castetbon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castetnau-Camblong
Castetnau-Camblong is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castetner
Castetner is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castetpugon
Castetpugon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castillon (Canton Arthez-de-Béarn)
Castillon  is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castillon (Canton Lembeye)
Castillon  is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castéra-Loubix
Castéra-Loubix is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Castétis
Castétis is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Caubios-Loos
Caubios-Loos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cescau, Pyrénéestiques
Cescau, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cette-Eygun
Cette-Eygun is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Charre
Charre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Charritte-de-Bas
Charritte-de-Bas is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Chéraute
Chéraute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ciboure
Ciboure is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Claracq
Claracq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Coarraze
Coarraze is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Conchez-de-Béarn
Conchez-de-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Corbère-Abères
Corbère-Abères is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Coslédaà-Lube-Boast
Coslédaà-Lube-Boast is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Coublucq
Coublucq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Crouseilles
Crouseilles is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Cuqueron
Cuqueron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Denguin
Denguin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Diusse
Diusse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Doazon
Doazon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Dognen
Dognen is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Domezain-Berraute
Domezain-Berraute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Doumy
Doumy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Eaux-Bonnes
Eaux-Bonnes is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Escos
Escos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Escot
Escot is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Escou
Escou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Escoubès
Escoubès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Escout
Escout is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Escurès
Escurès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Eslourenties
Eslourenties is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Espelette
Espelette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Espiute
Espiute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Espoey
Espoey is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Espès-Undurein
Espès-Undurein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Espéchède
Espéchède is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Esquiule
Esquiule is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Estialescq
Estialescq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Estos
Estos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Estérençuby
Estérençuby is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Etcharry
Etcharry is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Etchebar
Etchebar is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Etsaut
Etsaut is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Eysus
Eysus is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Fichous-Riumayou
Fichous-Riumayou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Féas
Féas is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gabaston
Gabaston is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gabat
Gabat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gamarthe
Gamarthe is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gan, Pyrénéestiques
Gan, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Garindein
Garindein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Garlin
Garlin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Garlède-Mondebat
Garlède-Mondebat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Garos
Garos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Garris
Garris is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gayon
Gayon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gelos
Gelos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ger, Pyrénéestiques
Ger, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gerderest
Gerderest is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gestas, Pyrénéestiques
Gestas, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Geüs-d'Oloron
Geüs-d'Oloron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gomer, Pyrénéestiques
Gomer, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gotein-Libarrenx
Gotein-Libarrenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Goès
Goès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Guiche, Pyrénéestiques
Guiche, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Guinarthe-Parenties
Guinarthe-Parenties is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gurmençon
Gurmençon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gurs
Gurs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Guéthary
Guéthary is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Gère-Bélesten
Gère-Bélesten is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Géronce
Géronce is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Géus-d'Arzacq
Géus-d'Arzacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Hagetaubin
Hagetaubin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Halsou
Halsou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Hasparren
Hasparren is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Haut-de-Bosdarros
Haut-de-Bosdarros is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Haux, Pyrénéestiques
Haux, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Hendaye
Hendaye is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Herrère
Herrère is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Higuères-Souye
Higuères-Souye is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Hosta, Pyrénéestiques
Hosta, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Hours, Pyrénéestiques
Hours, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Hélette
Hélette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ibarrolle
Ibarrolle is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Idaux-Mendy
Idaux-Mendy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Idron
Idron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Igon
Igon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Iholdy
Iholdy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ilharre
Ilharre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Irissarry
Irissarry is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Irouléguy
Irouléguy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ispoure
Ispoure is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Issor
Issor is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Isturits
Isturits is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Itxassou
Itxassou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Izeste
Izeste is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Jasses
Jasses is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Jatxou
Jatxou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Jaxu
Jaxu is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Jurançon
Jurançon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Juxue
Juxue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

L'Hôpital-Saint-Blaise
L'Hôpital-Saint-Blaise is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

L'Hôpital-d'Orion
L'Hôpital-d'Orion is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

La Bastide-Clairence
La Bastide-Clairence is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labastide-Cézéracq
Labastide-Cézéracq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labastide-Monréjeau
Labastide-Monréjeau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labastideche
Labastideche is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labatmale
Labatmale is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labatut, Pyrénéestiques
Labatut, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labets-Biscay
Labets-Biscay is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Labeyrie, Pyrénéestiques
Labeyrie, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lacadée
Lacadée is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lacarre
Lacarre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lacarry-Charritte-de-Haut
Lacarry-Charritte-de-Haut is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lacommande
Lacommande is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lacq
Lacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lagor
Lagor is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lagos, Pyrénéestiques
Lagos, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Laguinge-Restoue
Laguinge-Restoue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lahonce
Lahonce is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lahontan, Pyrénéestiques
Lahontan, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lahourcade
Lahourcade is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lalongue
Lalongue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lalonquette
Lalonquette is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lamayou
Lamayou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lanne-en-Barétous
Lanne-en-Barétous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lannecaube
Lannecaube is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lanneplaà
Lanneplaà is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lantabat
Lantabat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Larceveau-Arros-Cibits
Larceveau-Arros-Cibits is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Laroin
Laroin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Larrau
Larrau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Larressore
Larressore is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Larreule, Pyrénéestiques
Larreule, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Larribar-Sorhapuru
Larribar-Sorhapuru is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Laruns
Laruns is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lasclaveries
Lasclaveries is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lasse, Pyrénéestiques
Lasse, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lasserre, Pyrénéestiques
Lasserre, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lasseube
Lasseube is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lasseubetat
Lasseubetat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lay-Lamidou
Lay-Lamidou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Laàs
Laàs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Laàs
Laàs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lecumberry
Lecumberry is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ledeuix
Ledeuix is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lembeye
Lembeye is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lescar
Lescar is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lescun
Lescun is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lespielle
Lespielle is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lespourcy
Lespourcy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lestelle-Bétharram
Lestelle-Bétharram is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lichans-Sunhar
Lichans-Sunhar is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lichos
Lichos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Licq-Athérey
Licq-Athérey is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Limendous
Limendous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Livron
Livron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lohitzun-Oyhercq
Lohitzun-Oyhercq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lombia
Lombia is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lons
Lons is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lonçon
Lonçon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Loubieng
Loubieng is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Louhossoa
Louhossoa is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lourdios-Ichère
Lourdios-Ichère is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lourenties
Lourenties is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Louvie-Juzon
Louvie-Juzon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Louvie-Soubiron
Louvie-Soubiron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Louvigny, Pyrénéestiques
Louvigny, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Luc-Armau
Luc-Armau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lucarré
Lucarré is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lucgarier
Lucgarier is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lucq-de-Béarn
Lucq-de-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lurbe-Saint-Christau
Lurbe-Saint-Christau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lussagnet-Lusson
Lussagnet-Lusson is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Luxe-Sumberraute
Luxe-Sumberraute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lys, Pyrénéestiques
Lys, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lème
Lème is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lée
Lée is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Lées-Athas
Lées-Athas is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Léren
Léren is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Macaye
Macaye is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Malaussanne
Malaussanne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mascaraàs-Haron
Mascaraàs-Haron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Maslacq
Maslacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Masparraute
Masparraute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Maspie-Lalonquère-Juillacq
Maspie-Lalonquère-Juillacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Maucor
Maucor is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mauléon-Licharre
Mauléon-Licharre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Maure, Pyrénéestiques
Maure, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mazerolles, Pyrénéestiques
Mazerolles, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mazères-Lezons
Mazères-Lezons is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Meillon
Meillon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mendionde
Mendionde is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Menditte
Menditte is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mendive
Mendive is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mesplède
Mesplède is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mialos
Mialos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Miossens-Lanusse
Miossens-Lanusse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mirepeix
Mirepeix is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Momas
Momas is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Momy
Momy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Monassut-Audiracq
Monassut-Audiracq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Moncaup, Pyrénéestiques
Moncaup, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Moncayolle-Larrory-Mendibieu
Moncayolle-Larrory-Mendibieu is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Moncla
Moncla is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Monein
Monein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Monpezat
Monpezat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Monségur, Pyrénéestiques
Monségur, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mont, Pyrénéestiques
Mont, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mont-Disse
Mont-Disse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Montagut, Pyrénéestiques
Montagut, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Montaner
Montaner is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Montardon
Montardon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Montaut, Pyrénéestiques
Montaut, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Montfort, Pyrénéestiques
Montfort, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Montory
Montory is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Morlanne
Morlanne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Morlaàs
Morlaàs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mouguerre
Mouguerre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mouhous
Mouhous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Moumour
Moumour is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Mourenx
Mourenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Musculdy
Musculdy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Méharin
Méharin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Méracq
Méracq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Méritein
Méritein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Nabas, Pyrénéestiques
Nabas, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Narcastet
Narcastet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Narp
Narp is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Navailles-Angos
Navailles-Angos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Navarrenx
Navarrenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Nay, Pyrénéestiques
Nay, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Noguères
Noguères is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Nousty
Nousty is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ogenne-Camptort
Ogenne-Camptort is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ogeu-les-Bains
Ogeu-les-Bains is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Oloron-Sainte-Marie
Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Oraàs
Oraàs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ordiarp
Ordiarp is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Orin, Pyrénéestiques
Orin, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Orion, Pyrénéestiques
Orion, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Orriule
Orriule is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Orsanco
Orsanco is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Orthez
Orthez is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Orègue
Orègue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Os-Marsillon
Os-Marsillon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ossas-Suhare
Ossas-Suhare is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Osse-en-Aspe
Osse-en-Aspe is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ossenx
Ossenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Osserain-Rivareyte
Osserain-Rivareyte is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ossès
Ossès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ostabat-Asme
Ostabat-Asme is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ouillon
Ouillon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ousse
Ousse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ozenx-Montestrucq
Ozenx-Montestrucq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pagolle
Pagolle is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Parbayse
Parbayse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pardies
Pardies is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pardies-Piétat
Pardies-Piétat is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pau, Pyrénéestiques
Pau, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Peyrelongue-Abos
Peyrelongue-Abos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Piets-Plasence-Moustrou
Piets-Plasence-Moustrou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Poey-d'Oloron
Poey-d'Oloron is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Poey-de-Lescar
Poey-de-Lescar is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pomps
Pomps is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ponson-Debat-Pouts
Ponson-Debat-Pouts is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ponson-Dessus
Ponson-Dessus is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pontacq
Pontacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pontiacq-Viellepinte
Pontiacq-Viellepinte is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Portet
Portet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Pouliacq
Pouliacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Poursiugues-Boucoue
Poursiugues-Boucoue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Préchacq-Josbaig
Préchacq-Josbaig is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Préchacq-Navarrenx
Préchacq-Navarrenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Précilhon
Précilhon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Puyoô
Puyoô is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ramous
Ramous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ribarrouy
Ribarrouy is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Riupeyrous
Riupeyrous is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Rivehaute
Rivehaute is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Rontignon
Rontignon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Roquiague
Roquiague is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Rébénacq
Rébénacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Abit
Saint-Abit is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Armou
Saint-Armou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Boès
Saint-Boès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Castin
Saint-Castin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Dos
Saint-Dos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Esteben
Saint-Esteben is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Faust
Saint-Faust is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Girons-en-Béarn
Saint-Girons-en-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Gladie-Arrive-Munein
Saint-Gladie-Arrive-Munein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Goin
Saint-Goin is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Jammes
Saint-Jammes is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Pied-de-Port
Saint-Pied-de-Port is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Poudge
Saint-Poudge is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-de-Luz
Saint-de-Luz is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-le-Vieux, Pyrénéestiques
Saint-le-Vieux, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Just-Ibarre
Saint-Just-Ibarre is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Laurent-Bretagne
Saint-Laurent-Bretagne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue
Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa
Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Michel, Pyrénéestiques
Saint-Michel, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Médard, Pyrénéestiques
Saint-Médard, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Palais, Pyrénéestiques
Saint-Palais, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Pierre-d'Irube
Saint-Pierre-d'Irube is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Pé-de-Léren
Saint-Pé-de-Léren is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle
Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Vincent, Pyrénéestiques
Saint-Vincent, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry
Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sainte-Colome
Sainte-Colome is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sainte-Engrâce
Sainte-Engrâce is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Salies-de-Béarn
Salies-de-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Salles-Mongiscard
Salles-Mongiscard is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sallespisse
Sallespisse is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sames, Pyrénéestiques
Sames, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Samsons-Lion
Samsons-Lion is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sare
Sare is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sarpourenx
Sarpourenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sarrance
Sarrance is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saubole
Saubole is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Saucède
Saucède is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sauguis-Saint-Étienne
Sauguis-Saint-Étienne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sault-de-Navailles
Sault-de-Navailles is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sauvagnon
Sauvagnon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sauvelade
Sauvelade is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sauveterre-de-Béarn
Sauveterre-de-Béarn is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sedze-Maubecq
Sedze-Maubecq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sedzère
Sedzère is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sendets, Pyrénéestiques
Sendets, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Serres-Castet
Serres-Castet is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Serres-Morlaàs
Serres-Morlaàs is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Serres-Sainte-Marie
Serres-Sainte-Marie is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Simacourbe
Simacourbe is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Siros, Pyrénéestiques
Siros, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Soumoulou
Soumoulou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Souraïde
Souraïde is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Suhescun
Suhescun is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sus, Pyrénéestiques
Sus, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Susmiou
Susmiou is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Séby
Séby is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Séméacq-Blachon
Séméacq-Blachon is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sévignacq
Sévignacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Sévignacq-Meyracq
Sévignacq-Meyracq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Tabaille-Usquain
Tabaille-Usquain is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Tadousse-Ussau
Tadousse-Ussau is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Tardets-Sorholus
Tardets-Sorholus is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Taron-Sadirac-Viellenave
Taron-Sadirac-Viellenave is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Tarsacq
Tarsacq is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Thèze, Pyrénéestiques
Thèze, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Trois-Villes
Trois-Villes is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Uhart-Cize
Uhart-Cize is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Uhart-Mixe
Uhart-Mixe is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urcuit
Urcuit is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urdos
Urdos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urdès
Urdès is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urepel
Urepel is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urost
Urost is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urrugne
Urrugne is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Urt
Urt is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Ustaritz
Ustaritz is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Uzan, Pyrénéestiques
Uzan, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Uzein
Uzein is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Uzos
Uzos is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Verdets
Verdets is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Vialer
Vialer is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Viellenave-d'Arthez
Viellenave-d'Arthez is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Viellenave-de-Navarrenx
Viellenave-de-Navarrenx is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Vielleségure
Vielleségure is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Vignes, Pyrénéestiques
Vignes, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Villefranque, Pyrénéestiques
Villefranque, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Viodos-Abense-de-Bas
Viodos-Abense-de-Bas is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Viven
Viven is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Çaro, Pyrénéestiques
Çaro, Pyrénéestiques is a commune Pyrénéestiques "département" in southwesternce.

Rocket engine
A Rocket Engine is a device that produces a force by pushing gases at high speed a nozzle.

Penny Black
The Penny Black was world's adhesive postage stamp.

Penny Red
The Penny Red was a postage stamp issued in 1841 to replace Penny Black.

Line succession to throne
The line succession to throne isder in which members royal family would come to throne if reigning king queen died.

Two Penny Blue
The Two Penny Blue  was world’sficial adhesive postage stamp.

Penny Lilac
The Penny Lilac was a postage stamp in Great Britain.

WrestleMania 2000
WrestleMania 2000 was sixteenth yearlyia professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Federation .

Lucas Sang
Lucas Sang  was a runner who raced at Olympic Games in 1988.

Fiesole
Fiesole is a town iny, near Florence.

Mugello region
Mugello is a landscape north Florence in northern Italy.

Friar
Friars are special monks that do a service to a community that lead a simple life, rather than living ascets in a monastery.

Carmelites
The Order Brothers Our Lady Mount Carmel Carmelites  is a Catholic religiousder.

Samael
Samael   is an archangel in Talmudic post-Talmudic beliefs stories, asll as tradition demonology.

Orvieto
"Orvieto is a city in Umbria, Today, about 21.000 people livere.

Basilica Santa Croce, Florence
The Basilica di Santa Croce  is main church in Florence, Italy.

Piper's Pit
"Piper's Pit" is a very popular interview segment on "Raw" that is usually hosted by "Rowdy" Roddy Piper.

Halo (Beyoncé Knowles)
"Halo" is a song by Contemporary R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.

History World Wrestling Entertainment
This is history World Wrestling Entertainment .

Ian
Ian is lead singer for heavy metal band Deep Purple.

Ottawa River
The Ottawa River is a river in Ontario Quebec, Canada.

Dandy
A dandy is a man who showsf by dressing very elegantly fashionably.

Robertza
Robertza  is an ecological economist Gund Professor Ecological economics Director Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at University Vermont.

Ifriqiya
In medieval history, Ifriqiya Ifriqiyah  was area coastal regions are todaystern Libya, Tunisia, eastern Algeria.

Roman province
In Ancient Rome, a province (Latin, "provincia", pl.

Bring Me Horizon
Bring Me Horizon are a band genre deathcore, from Sheffield,ire,d.

Africa Province
The province Africa was established afters defeated Carthage in Third Punic War.

Third Punic War
The Third Punic War  was last Punic Wars It was fought between colony Carthage, Republic.

Punic Wars
The Punic Warsre a series three wars fought between Rome Carthage between 264 146 BC,re probably wars yet ancient world.

Scooby-Doo (character)
Scoobert "Scooby"-Doo is main character in long running series scooby doo.

ECW Worldip
The ECW World Heavyweightip, is importantip in ECW.

Notts County F.C.
Notts County Football Club is a football club in Nottingham,d, oldest all clubs that are now professional.

La Paz, Baja California Sur
La Paz is capital city state Baja California Sur, Mexico.

Gringo Gazette
The Gringo Gazette is a newspaper in-language founded by Carrie, published every otherek for americans expatriate communities in Baja California Baja California Sur, Mexico.

2 Girls 1 Cup
2 Girls 1 Cup is a copy trailer for "Hungry Bitches", a pornographic film made by MFX-Media.

WWE No Way Out
WWE No Way Out is a yearly pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment .

Ansonia, Connecticut
Ansonia, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Bridgeport, Connecticut
Bridgeport, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Bristol, Connecticut
Bristol, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Danbury, Connecticut
Danbury, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Derby, Connecticut
Derby, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Groton (city), Connecticut
Groton , Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Meriden, Connecticut
Meriden, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Middletown, Connecticut
Middletown, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Milford, Connecticut
Milford, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

New Britain, Connecticut
New Britain, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

New London, Connecticut
New London, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Norwalk, Connecticut
Norwalk, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Norwich, Connecticut
Norwich, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Shelton, Connecticut
Shelton, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Stamford, Connecticut
Stamford, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Torrington, Connecticut
Torrington, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

West Haven, Connecticut
West Haven, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Winsted, Connecticut
Winsted, Connecticut is a city Connecticut in United States.

Delaware City, Delaware
Delaware City, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Harrington, Delaware
Harrington, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Lewes, Delaware
Lewes, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Milford, Delaware
Milford, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

New Castle, Delaware
New Castle, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Newark, Delaware
Newark, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Rehoboth Beach, Delaware
Rehoboth Beach, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Seaford, Delaware
Seaford, Delaware is a city Delaware in United States.

Page replacement algorithm
Certain operating systems use paging to get virtual memory.

Alachua, Florida
Alachua, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Altamonte Springs, Florida
Altamonte Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Anna Maria, Florida
Anna Maria, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Apalachicola, Florida
Apalachicola, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Apopka, Florida
Apopka, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Arcadia, Florida
Arcadia, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Archer, Florida
Archer, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Atlantis, Florida
Atlantis, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Page cache
A page cache "disk cache is a buffer pages certain operating systems keep in memory.

Auburndale, Florida
Auburndale, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Avon Park, Florida
Avon Park, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bartow, Florida
Bartow, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bay Lake, Florida
Bay Lake, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Belle Glade, Florida
Belle Glade, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Yellow-banded poison dart frog
The Yellow-banded poison dart frog , "Dendrobates leucomelas", is a poison dart frog found in northern South America in Venezuela,a Brazil.

Belle Isle, Florida
Belle Isle, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Belleair Beach, Florida
Belleair Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Belleair Bluffs, Florida
Belleair Bluffs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Belleview, Florida
Belleview, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Blountstown, Florida
Blountstown, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Boca Raton, Florida
Boca Raton, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bonifay, Florida
Bonifay, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bonita Springs, Florida
Bonita Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bowling Green, Florida
Bowling Green, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Boynton Beach, Florida
Boynton Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

User Datagram Protocol
The User Datagram Protocol  is core memberset Protocol Suite, set network protocols used foret.

Bradenton, Florida
Bradenton, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bradenton Beach, Florida
Bradenton Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bristol, Florida
Bristol, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Brooksville, Florida
Brooksville, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bunnell, Florida
Bunnell, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Bushnell, Florida
Bushnell, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Callaway, Florida
Callaway, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cape Canaveral, Florida
Cape Canaveral, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cape Coral, Florida
Cape Coral, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Carrabelle, Florida
Carrabelle, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Casselberry, Florida
Casselberry, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cedar Key, Florida
Cedar Key, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Center Hill, Florida
Center Hill, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Chattahoochee, Florida
Chattahoochee, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Chiefland, Florida
Chiefland, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Chipley, Florida
Chipley, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Clermont, Florida
Clermont, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Clewiston, Florida
Clewiston, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cocoa, Florida
Cocoa, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Coconut Creek, Florida
Coconut Creek, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Coleman, Florida
Coleman, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cooper City, Florida
Cooper City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Coral Gables, Florida
Coral Gables, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Crescent City, Florida
Crescent City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Crestview, Florida
Crestview, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Crystal River, Florida
Crystal River, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cutler Bay, Florida
Cutler Bay, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Dade City, Florida
Dade City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Dania Beach, Florida
Dania Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Davenport, Florida
Davenport, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Daytona Beach, Florida
Daytona Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Daytona Beach Shores, Florida
Daytona Beach Shores, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

DeBary, Florida
DeBary, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

DeFuniak Springs, Florida
DeFuniak Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

DeLand, Florida
DeLand, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Deerfield Beach, Florida
Deerfield Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Delray Beach, Florida
Delray Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Deltona, Florida
Deltona, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Destin, Florida
Destin, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Doral, Florida
Doral, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Dunedin, Florida
Dunedin, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Dunnellon, Florida
Dunnellon, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Eagle Lake, Florida
Eagle Lake, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Edgewater, Volusia County, Florida
Edgewater, Volusia County, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Edgewood, Florida
Edgewood, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Englewood, Florida
Englewood, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Everglades, Florida
Everglades, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fanning Springs, Florida
Fanning Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fellsmere, Florida
Fellsmere, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fernandina Beach, Florida
Fernandina Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Flagler Beach, Florida
Flagler Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Florida City, Florida
Florida City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Fort Lauderdale, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fort Meade, Florida
Fort Meade, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fort Myers, Florida
Fort Myers, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Fort Pierce, Florida
Fort Pierce, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Freeport, Florida
Freeport, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Frostproof, Florida
Frostproof, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Cache coherence
A cache can be performance accessing a given resource.

Fruitland Park, Florida
Fruitland Park, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Graceville, Florida
Graceville, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Green Cove Springs, Florida
Green Cove Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Greenacres, Florida
Greenacres, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Gretna, Florida
Gretna, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Groveland, Florida
Groveland, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Gulf Breeze, Florida
Gulf Breeze, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Gulfport, Florida
Gulfport, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Hampton, Florida
Hampton, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Hawthorne, Florida
Hawthorne, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Hialeah, Florida
Hialeah, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Hialeah Gardens, Florida
Hialeah Gardens, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

High Springs, Florida
High Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Holly Hill, Florida
Holly Hill, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Holmes Beach, Florida
Holmes Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Homestead, Florida
Homestead, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Barryall
Barry Jamesall, AC FRS FAA  is an doctor winner 2005 Nobel Prize in Physiology Medicine.

Diglossia
Diglossia is when a group people use language dialect when at home, but a different when talking to others.

Mutual intelligibility
Mutual intelligibility is where speakers language can understand another language becausey are similar.

Indian Harbour Beach, Florida
Indian Harbour Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Indian Rocks Beach, Florida
Indian Rocks Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Inverness, Florida
Inverness, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Islandia, Florida
Islandia, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Jacksonville Beach, Florida
Jacksonville Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Jacob City, Florida
Jacob City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Jasper, Florida
Jasper, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Key Colony Beach, Florida
Key Colony Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Keystone Heights, Florida
Keystone Heights, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Kissimmee, Florida
Kissimmee, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

La Belle, Florida
La Belle, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Alfred, Florida
Lake Alfred, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Buena Vista, Florida
Lake Buena Vista, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Butler, Union County, Florida
Lake Butler, Union County, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake City, Florida
Lake City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Helen, Florida
Lake Helen, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Mary, Florida
Lake Mary, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Wales, Florida
Lake Wales, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lake Worth, Florida
Lake Worth, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lakeland, Florida
Lakeland, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Largo, Florida
Largo, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lauderdale Lakes, Florida
Lauderdale Lakes, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lauderhill, Florida
Lauderhill, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Laurel Hill, Florida
Laurel Hill, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lawtey, Florida
Lawtey, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Layton, Florida
Layton, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Leesburg, Florida
Leesburg, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lighthouse Point, Florida
Lighthouse Point, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Live Oak, Florida
Live Oak, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Longwood, Florida
Longwood, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Lynn Haven, Florida
Lynn Haven, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Macclenny, Florida
Macclenny, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Madeira Beach, Florida
Madeira Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Madison, Florida
Madison, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Maitland, Florida
Maitland, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Marathon, Florida
Marathon, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Marcod, Florida
Marcod, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Margate, Florida
Margate, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Marianna, Florida
Marianna, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Mary Esther, Florida
Mary Esther, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Mascotte, Florida
Mascotte, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Melbourne, Florida
Melbourne, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Mexico Beach, Florida
Mexico Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Miami Beach, Florida
Miami Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Miami Gardens, Florida
Miami Gardens, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Miami Springs, Florida
Miami Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Midway, Gadsden County, Florida
Midway is a city Florida in United States.

Milton, Florida
Milton, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Minneola, Florida
Minneola, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Miramar, Florida
Miramar, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Monticello, Florida
Monticello, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Moore Haven, Florida
Moore Haven, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Mount Dora, Florida
Mount Dora, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Mulberry, Florida
Mulberry, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Naples, Florida
Naples, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Neptune Beach, Florida
Neptune Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

New Port Richey, Florida
New Port Richey, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

New Smyrna Beach, Florida
New Smyrna Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Newberry, Florida
Newberry, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Niceville, Florida
Niceville, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

North Bay Village, Florida
North Bay Village, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

North Lauderdale, Florida
North Lauderdale, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

North Miami, Florida
North Miami, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

North Miami Beach, Florida
North Miami Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

North Port, Florida
North Port, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Oak Hill, Florida
Oak Hill, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Oakland, Florida
Oakland, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Oakland Park, Florida
Oakland Park, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Ocala, Florida
Ocala, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Ocoee, Florida
Ocoee, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Okeechobee, Florida
Okeechobee, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Oldsmar, Florida
Oldsmar, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Opa-locka, Florida
Opa-locka, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Orange City, Florida
Orange City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Ormond Beach, Florida
Ormond Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Osteen, Florida
Osteen, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Oviedo, Florida
Oviedo, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Pahokee, Florida
Pahokee, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Palatka, Florida
Palatka, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Palm Bay, Florida
Palm Bay, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Palm Beach Gardens, Florida
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Palm Coast, Florida
Palm Coast, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Palmetto, Florida
Palmetto, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Panama City, Florida
Panama City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Panama City Beach, Florida
Panama City Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Parker, Florida
Parker, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Parkland, Florida
Parkland, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Pembroke Pines, Florida
Pembroke Pines, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Pensacola, Florida
Pensacola, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Perry, Florida
Perry, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Pinellas Park, Florida
Pinellas Park, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Plant City, Florida
Plant City, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Plantation, Florida
Plantation, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Pompano Beach, Florida
Pompano Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Portge, Florida
Portge, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Port Richey, Florida
Port Richey, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Port St. Joe, Florida
Port St.

Port St. Lucie, Florida
Port St.

Punta Gorda, Florida
Punta Gorda, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Quincy, Florida
Quincy, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Riviera Beach, Florida
Riviera Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Rockledge, Florida
Rockledge, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Safety Harbor, Florida
Safety Harbor, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

San Antonio, Florida
San Antonio, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sanford, Florida
Sanford, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sanibel, Florida
Sanibel, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Satellite Beach, Florida
Satellite Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sebastian, Florida
Sebastian, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sebring, Florida
Sebring, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Seminole, Florida
Seminole is a city Florida in United States.

Sopchoppy, Florida
Sopchoppy, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

South Bay, Florida
South Bay, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

South Daytona, Florida
South Daytona, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

South Miami, Florida
South Miami, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

South Pasadena, Florida
South Pasadena, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Springfield, Florida
Springfield, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

St. Augustine Beach, Florida
St.

St. Cloud, Florida
St.

St. Marks, Florida
St.

St. Pete Beach, Florida
St.

Starke, Florida
Starke, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sunny Isles Beach, Florida
Sunny Isles Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sunrise, Florida
Sunrise, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Sweetwater, Florida
Sweetwater, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Tamarac, Florida
Tamarac, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Tarpon Springs, Florida
Tarpon Springs, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Tavares, Florida
Tavares, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Temple Terrace, Florida
Temple Terrace, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Titusville, Florida
Titusville, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Treasured, Florida
Treasured, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Trenton, Florida
Trenton, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Umatilla, Florida
Umatilla, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Valparaiso, Florida
Valparaiso, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Venice, Florida
Venice, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Vernon, Florida
Vernon, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Vero Beach, Florida
Vero Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Waldo, Florida
Waldo, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Wauchula, Florida
Wauchula, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Webster, Florida
Webster, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Weeki Wachee, Florida
Weeki Wachee, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

West Melbourne, Florida
West Melbourne, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

West Miami, Florida
West Miami, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

West Palm Beach, Florida
West Palm Beach, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

West Park, Florida
West Park, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Weston, Florida
Weston, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Wewahitchka, Florida
Wewahitchka, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Wildwood, Florida
Wildwood, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Williston, Florida
Williston, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Wilton Manors, Florida
Wilton Manors, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Winter Garden, Florida
Winter Garden, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Winter Haven, Florida
Winter Haven is a city Florida in United States.

Winter Park, Florida
Winter Park, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

Zephyrhills, Florida
Zephyrhills, Florida is a city Florida in United States.

George
George Edward  is an two-time World Heavyweight Boxing Champion entrepreneur.

SIMATIC
SIMATIC is an automation system which was developed by company Siemens.

Lect
A Lect is a variety a language.

Register (linguistics)
In linguistics, a Register is where a person talks differently to different people.

Stratum (linguistics)
In linguistics, a Stratum Strate is a language that changes another, is changed by another.

Language transfer
Language transfer is where a person usesir knowledge language wheny learn another.

False friend
False friends are two words in different languages lects that look same, similar, but have different meanings.

Code-switching
Code-switching is where a person mixes more than language lect wheny talk.

Multialphabetism
Multialphabetism is where a mix more than alphabet is used.

Romanization
Japanese uses alphabet asll as Kanji,a,a.

Language attrition
Language attrition is whereone forgets all a language.

Language death
Language death is where a language lect stops being used as a main language.

Modern language
A language is a language which is spoken today.

FreeOTFE
FreeOTFE is a free, open source, computer program encrypt decrypt information stored on a hard disk.

Natural language
A Natural language is a language which is not articifial.

Windows Mobile
Windows Mobile is a compact operating system combined with a suite basic applications for mobile devices It is similar to desktop versions Microsoft Windows .

A priori (languages)
An A priori language is a constructed language that made up new words, did not use words from other languages.

Shoot (professional wrestling)
A Shoot isthing in professional wrestling that is completely real is not scripted.

Proto-World language
A Proto-World langage is a possible Proto-language that all other languages came from.

Sustainable Biofuels
Biofuels – liquid fuels from plant materials – are entering market, driven by factors such as oil price spikes energy security.

Montreal Screwjob
The Montreal Screwjob is real-life screwjobn WWF superstar Brett Hart.

Animism
Animism is a belief common in many different religions philosophies.

Proto-language
A Proto-language is a language that all languages in a language family came from.

WrestleMania X-Seven
WrestleMania X-Seven was seventeenth yearlyia professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Federation .

Central Florida
Central Florida is central region United States state Florida, on East Coast.

Emil von Behring
Emil Adolf von Behring  was a doctor.

Ronald Ross
Ronald Ross  was an doctor.

Niels Ryberg Finsen
Niels Ryberg Finsen  was an doctor.

Robert Koch
Robert Koch  was a doctor.

Kanata, Ontario
Kanata is ae suburban area instern Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, it has a population 90,000 is growing very fast.

Camillo Golgi
Camillo Golgi  was an doctor.

Santiago Ramón y Cajal
Santiago Ramón y Cajal  was a doctor.

Robert Douglas (footballer)
Robert James "Rab" Douglas is a footballer currently playing at Dundee F.C.; .

Charles Louis Alphonse
Charles Louis Alphonse  was a French doctor.

Galliformes
Galliformes are ander birds containing turkeys, grouse, chickens, quails, pheasants.

Phasianidae
Theidae is a family birds which consists pheasants patridges, including junglefowl .

Sum 41 discography
This is complete discography Punk rock band Sum 41.

Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov
Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov  was a biologist.

Paul Ehrlich
Paul Ehrlich  is an doctor.

Aberdeen, Idaho
Aberdeen, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Acequia, Idaho
Acequia, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Albion, Idaho
Albion, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

American Falls, Idaho
American Falls, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ammon, Idaho
Ammon, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Arco, Idaho
Arco, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Arimo, Idaho
Arimo, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ashton, Idaho
Ashton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Athol, Idaho
Athol, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Atomic City, Idaho
Atomic City, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bancroft, Idaho
Bancroft, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Basalt, Idaho
Basalt, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bellevue, Idaho
Bellevue, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Blackfoot, Idaho
Blackfoot, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bliss, Idaho
Bliss, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bloomington, Idaho
Bloomington, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bonners Ferry, Idaho
Bonners Ferry, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bovill, Idaho
Bovill, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bruneau, Idaho
Bruneau, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Buhl, Idaho
Buhl, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Burley, Idaho
Burley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Butte City, Idaho
Butte City, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Caldwell, Idaho
Caldwell, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Cambridge, Idaho
Cambridge, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Carey, Idaho
Carey, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Cascade, Idaho
Cascade, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Castleford, Idaho
Castleford, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Challis, Idaho
Challis, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Chubbuck, Idaho
Chubbuck, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Clark Fork, Idaho
Clark Fork, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Clarkia, Idaho
Clarkia, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Clayton, Idaho
Clayton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Clifton, Idaho
Clifton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Coeur d'Alene, Idaho
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Cottonwood, Idaho
Cottonwood, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Council, Idaho
Council, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Craigmont, Idaho
Craigmont, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Crouch, Idaho
Crouch, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Culdesac, Idaho
Culdesac, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Dalton Gardens, Idaho
Dalton Gardens, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Dayton, Idaho
Dayton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Deary, Idaho
Deary, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Declo, Idaho
Declo, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Dietrich, Idaho
Dietrich, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Donnelly, Idaho
Donnelly, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Dover, Idaho
Dover, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Downey, Idaho
Downey, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Driggs, Idaho
Driggs, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Drummond, Idaho
Drummond, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Dubois, Idaho
Dubois, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Eagle, Idaho
Eagle, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

East Hope, Idaho
East Hope, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Eden, Idaho
Eden, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Elk River, Idaho
Elk River, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Emmett, Idaho
Emmett, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Fairfield, Idaho
Fairfield, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ferdinand, Idaho
Ferdinand, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Fernan Lake Village, Idaho
Fernan Lake Village, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Fernwood, Idaho
Fernwood, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Filer, Idaho
Filer, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Firth, Idaho
Firth, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Franklin, Idaho
Franklin, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Fruitland, Idaho
Fruitland, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Garden City, Idaho
Garden City, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Genesee, Idaho
Genesee, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Georgetown, Idaho
Georgetown, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Glenns Ferry, Idaho
Glenns Ferry, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Gooding, Idaho
Gooding, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Grace, Idaho
Grace, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Grand View, Idaho
Grand View, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Grangeville, Idaho
Grangeville, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Greenleaf, Idaho
Greenleaf, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hagerman, Idaho
Hagerman, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hailey, Idaho
Hailey, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hamer, Idaho
Hamer, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hansen, Idaho
Hansen, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Harrison, Idaho
Harrison, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hauser, Idaho
Hauser, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hayden Lake, Idaho
Hayden Lake, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hayden, Idaho
Hayden is a city Idaho in United States.

Hazelton, Idaho
Hazelton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Heyburn, Idaho
Heyburn, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hollister, Idaho
Hollister, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Homedale, Idaho
Homedale, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Hope, Idaho
Hope, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Horseshoe Bend, Idaho
Horseshoe Bend, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ciconiiformes
Theder Ciconiiformes has included a varietye, long-legged wading birds withe bills: storks, herons, egrets, ibises, spoonbills, several others.

Incarnation (Christianity)
The Incarnation is belief that Jesus Christ is God Israel in a human body.

Emil Theodor Kocher
Emil Theodor Kocher  was a Swiss doctor.

Albrecht Kossel
Albrecht Kossel  was a doctor.

Royal Museum
Royal Museum is a museum located on Chambers Street, Edinburgh, UK.

Allvard
Allvard  was a opthalmologist .

North Bay, Ontario
North Bay is a city in Nipissing District, Ontario, Canada.

Nipissing District, Ontario
Nipissing District is a district Ontario, Canada.

Alexis Carrel
Alexis Carrel  was a French surgeon.

Charles Robert Richet
Charles Robert Richet  was a French physiologist.

Robert Bárány
Robert Bárány  was an doctor.

Francisco de Quevedo
Francisco Gómez de Quevedo y Santibáñez Villegas  was a nobleman, politician writer Golden Age.

Jules Bordet
Jules Bordet  was a doctor.

SecurDisc
SecurDisc is a hard- software based security technology for CD’s/DVD’s, which was developed by Hitachi-LG Data Storage Nero AG.

Eureka Stockade
The Eureka Stockade is given to a rebellion by gold miners at Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.

Eddie Vedder
Eddie Vedder is an singer.

Paradise Crow
The Paradise Crow  is a medium-sized  crow-like bird paradise with all-dark, soft silky plumage.

Nevi'im
"Nevi'im"  is chapter in Hebrew Bible, Tanakh.

Manucodia
The Manucodia is a genus bird paradise that has five medium-sized members.

Glossy-mantled Manucode
The Glossy-mantled Manucode  is a medium-sized bird paradise, around 42cm long, glossed green, blue purple black with a red iris, black bill, long tailwhat elongated upper breast neck feathers.

Crinkle-collared Manucode
The Crinkle-collared Manucode  is a medium-sized bird paradise, that grows up to 36cm long.

Jobi Manucode
The Jobi Manucode  is a medium-sized bird paradise, that grows up to 34cm long.

Yapen
Yapen  is an islandstern New Guinea, Indonesia.

San Diego Zoo
The San Diego Zoo in Balboa Park, San Diego, California is zoos in world with over 4,000 animals more than 800 species.

René-Primevère Lesson
René Primevère Lesson  was a French surgeon naturalist.

Katara
Katara is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.

Curl-crested Manucode
The Curl-crested Manucode  is ae bird paradise, about 43cm long, with glossy purple, black green plumage, red iris crinkled yellowish-green upper breast neck feathers.

Trumpet Manucode
The Trumpet Manucode  is a medium-sized bird paradise about 31cm long with an long horn-like head tufts loose neck feathers.

Superb Bird Paradise
The Superb Bird Paradise  is a passerine, about 26cm long.

Azula
Azula is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.

Twelve-wired Bird Paradise
The Twelve-wired Bird Paradise  is a medium-sized bird paradise about 33cm-long with velvet black yellow color.

Sokka
Sokka is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.

Toph
Toph Bei Fong is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.

Zuko
Zuko is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.

Iroh
Iroh is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.

Communes Aisne department
There are 816 communes in Aisne "département" ince.

Structural Engineering
Structural Engineering is design buildings other structures  from a mathematical point view.

Abbécourt
Abbécourt is a commune.

Achery, Aisne
Achery, Aisne is a commune.

Acy
Acy is a commune.

Agnicourt-et-Séchelles
Agnicourt-et-Séchelles is a commune.

Aguilcourt
Aguilcourt is a commune.

Aisonville-et-Bernoville
Aisonville-et-Bernoville is a commune.

Aizelles
Aizelles is a commune.

Aizy-Jouy
Aizy-Jouy is a commune.

Alaincourt, Aisne
Alaincourt, Aisne is a commune.

Allemant, Aisne
Allemant, Aisne is a commune.

Ambleny
Ambleny is a commune.

Ambrief
Ambrief is a commune.

Amifontaine
Amifontaine is a commune.

Amigny-Rouy
Amigny-Rouy is a commune.

Ancienville
Ancienville is a commune.

Andelain
Andelain is a commune.

Anguilcourt-le-Sart
Anguilcourt-le-Sart is a commune.

Anizy-le-Château
Anizy-le-Château is a commune.

Annois
Annois is a commune.

Any-Martin-Rieux
Any-Martin-Rieux is a commune.

Archon, Aisne
Archon, Aisne is a commune.

Arcy-Sainte-Restitue
Arcy-Sainte-Restitue is a commune.

Armentières-sur-Ourcq
Armentières-sur-Ourcq is a commune.

Arrancy
Arrancy is a commune.

Artemps
Artemps is a commune.

Artonges
Artonges is a commune.

Assis-sur-Serre
Assis-sur-Serre is a commune.

Athies-sous-Laon
Athies-sous-Laon is a commune.

Attilly
Attilly is a commune.

Aubencheul-aux-Bois
Aubencheul-aux-Bois is a commune.

Aubenton
Aubenton is a commune.

Aubigny-aux-Kaisnes
Aubigny-aux-Kaisnes is a commune.

Aubigny-en-Laonnois
Aubigny-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Audignicourt
Audignicourt is a commune.

Audigny
Audigny is a commune.

Augy, Aisne
Augy, Aisne is a commune.

Aulnois-sous-Laon
Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune.

Autremencourt
Autremencourt is a commune.

Autreppes
Autreppes is a commune.

Autreville, Aisne
Autreville, Aisne is a commune.

Azy-sur-Marne
Azy-sur-Marne is a commune.

Bagneux, Aisne
Bagneux, Aisne is a commune.

Bancigny
Bancigny is a commune.

Barenton-Bugny
Barenton-Bugny is a commune.

Barenton-Cel
Barenton-Cel is a commune.

Barenton-sur-Serre
Barenton-sur-Serre is a commune.

Barisis
Barisis is a commune.

Barzy-en-Thiérache
Barzy-en-Thiérache is a commune.

Barzy-sur-Marne
Barzy-sur-Marne is a commune.

Bassoles-Aulers
Bassoles-Aulers is a commune.

Baulne-en-Brie
Baulne-en-Brie is a commune.

Bazoches-sur-Vesles
Bazoches-sur-Vesles is a commune.

Beaumont-en-Beine
Beaumont-en-Beine is a commune.

Beaumé
Beaumé is a commune.

Beaurevoir
Beaurevoir is a commune.

Beaurieux, Aisne
Beaurieux, Aisne is a commune.

Beautor
Beautor is a commune.

Beauvois-endois
Beauvois-endois is a commune.

Becquigny, Aisne
Becquigny, Aisne is a commune.

Belleau, Aisne
Belleau, Aisne is a commune.

Bellenglise
Bellenglise is a commune.

Belleu
Belleu is a commune.

Bellicourt
Bellicourt is a commune.

Benay
Benay is a commune.

Bergues-sur-Sambre
Bergues-sur-Sambre is a commune.

Berlancourt, Aisne
Berlancourt, Aisne is a commune.

Berlise
Berlise is a commune.

Bernot
Bernot is a commune.

Berny-Rivière
Berny-Rivière is a commune.

Berrieux
Berrieux is a commune.

Berry-au-Bac
Berry-au-Bac is a commune.

Bertaucourt-Epourdon
Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a commune.

Berthenicourt
Berthenicourt is a commune.

Bertricourt
Bertricourt is a commune.

Berzy-le-Sec
Berzy-le-Sec is a commune.

Besmont
Besmont is a commune.

Besmé
Besmé is a commune.

Besny-et-Loizy
Besny-et-Loizy is a commune.

Beugneux
Beugneux is a commune.

Beuvardes
Beuvardes is a commune.

Bichancourt
Bichancourt is a commune.

Bieuxy
Bieuxy is a commune.

Billy-sur-Aisne
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Billy-sur-Ourcq
Billy-sur-Ourcq is a commune.

Bièvres, Aisne
Bièvres, Aisne is a commune.

Blanzy-lès-Fismes
Blanzy-lès-Fismes is a commune.

Blesmes
Blesmes is a commune.

Blérancourt
Blérancourt is a commune.

Bohain-endois
Bohain-endois is a commune.

Bois-lès-Pargny
Bois-lès-Pargny is a commune.

Boncourt, Aisne
Boncourt, Aisne is a commune.

Bonneil
Bonneil is a commune.

Bonnesvalyn
Bonnesvalyn is a commune.

Bony, Aisne
Bony, Aisne is a commune.

Bosmont-sur-Serre
Bosmont-sur-Serre is a commune.

Bouconville-Vauclair
Bouconville-Vauclair is a commune.

Bouffignereux
Bouffignereux is a commune.

Bouresches
Bouresches is a commune.

Bourg-et-Comin
Bourg-et-Comin is a commune.

Bourguignon-sous-Coucy
Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune.

Bourguignon-sous-Montbavin
Bourguignon-sous-Montbavin is a commune.

Boué
Boué is a commune.

Braine, Aisne
Braine, Aisne is a commune.

Brancourt-en-Laonnois
Brancourt-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Brancourt-led
Brancourt-led is a commune.

Brasles
Brasles is a commune.

Bray-Saint-Christophe
Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune.

Braye, Aisne
Braye, Aisne is a commune.

Braye-en-Laonnois
Braye-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Braye-en-Thiérache
Braye-en-Thiérache is a commune.

Brenelle
Brenelle is a commune.

Breny
Breny is a commune.

Brie, Aisne
Brie, Aisne is a commune.

Brissay-Choigny
Brissay-Choigny is a commune.

Brissy-Hamégicourt
Brissy-Hamégicourt is a commune.

Brumetz
Brumetz is a commune.

Brunehamel
Brunehamel is a commune.

Bruys
Bruys is a commune.

Bruyères-et-Montbérault
Bruyères-et-Montbérault is a commune.

Bruyères-sur-Fère
Bruyères-sur-Fère is a commune.

Brécy, Aisne
Brécy, Aisne is a commune.

Bucilly
Bucilly is a commune.

Bucy-le-Long
Bucy-le-Long is a commune.

Bucy-lès-Cerny
Bucy-lès-Cerny is a commune.

Bucy-lès-Pierrepont
Bucy-lès-Pierrepont is a commune.

Buire
Buire is a commune.

Buironfosse
Buironfosse is a commune.

Burelles
Burelles is a commune.

Bussiares
Bussiares is a commune.

Buzancy, Aisne
Buzancy, Aisne is a commune.

Béthancourt-en-Vaux
Béthancourt-en-Vaux is a commune.

Bézu-Saint-Germain
Bézu-Saint-Germain is a commune.

Bézu-le-Guéry
Bézu-le-Guéry is a commune.

Caillouël-Crépigny
Caillouël-Crépigny is a commune.

Camelin
Camelin is a commune.

Castres, Aisne
Castres, Aisne is a commune.

Caulaincourt, Aisne
Caulaincourt, Aisne is a commune.

Caumont, Aisne
Caumont, Aisne is a commune.

Celles-lès-Condé
Celles-lès-Condé is a commune.

Celles-sur-Aisne
Celles-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Cerizy
Cerizy is a commune.

Cerny-en-Laonnois
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Cerny-lès-Bucy
Cerny-lès-Bucy is a commune.

Cerseuil
Cerseuil is a commune.

Cessières
Cessières is a commune.

Chacrise
Chacrise is a commune.

Chaillevois
Chaillevois is a commune.

Chalandry
Chalandry is a commune.

Chambry, Aisne
Chambry, Aisne is a commune.

Chamouille
Chamouille is a commune.

Champs, Aisne
Champs, Aisne is a commune.

Chaourse
Chaourse is a commune.

Charly-sur-Marne
Charly-sur-Marne is a commune.

Charmes, Aisne
Charmes, Aisne is a commune.

Chartèves
Chartèves is a commune.

Chassemy
Chassemy is a commune.

Chaudardes
Chaudardes is a commune.

Chaudun
Chaudun is a commune.

Chauny
Chauny is a commune.

Chavignon
Chavignon is a commune.

Chavigny, Aisne
Chavigny, Aisne is a commune.

Chavonne
Chavonne is a commune.

Chermizy-Ailles
Chermizy-Ailles is a commune.

Chevennes
Chevennes is a commune.

Chevregny
Chevregny is a commune.

Chevresis-Monceau
Chevresis-Monceau is a commune.

Chierry
Chierry is a commune.

Chigny, Aisne
Chigny, Aisne is a commune.

Chivres-Val
Chivres-Val is a commune.

Chivres-en-Laonnois
Chivres-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Chivy-lès-Étouvelles
Chivy-lès-Étouvelles is a commune.

Chouy
Chouy is a commune.

Château-Thierry
Château-Thierry is a commune.

Châtillon-lès-Sons
Châtillon-lès-Sons is a commune.

Châtillon-sur-Oise
Châtillon-sur-Oise is a commune.

Chéry-Chartreuve
Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune.

Chéry-lès-Pouilly
Chéry-lès-Pouilly is a commune.

Chéry-lès-Rozoy
Chéry-lès-Rozoy is a commune.

Chérêt
Chérêt is a commune.

Chézy-en-Orxois
Chézy-en-Orxois is a commune.

Chézy-sur-Marne
Chézy-sur-Marne is a commune.

Cierges
Cierges is a commune.

Cilly, Aisne
Cilly, Aisne is a commune.

Ciry-Salsogne
Ciry-Salsogne is a commune.

Clacy-et-Thierret
Clacy-et-Thierret is a commune.

Clairfontaine
Clairfontaine is a commune.

Clamecy, Aisne
Clamecy, Aisne is a commune.

Clastres
Clastres is a commune.

Clermont-les-Fermes
Clermont-les-Fermes is a commune.

Coincy, Aisne
Coincy, Aisne is a commune.

Coingt
Coingt is a commune.

Colligisdelain
Colligisdelain is a commune.

Colonfay
Colonfay is a commune.

Commenchon
Commenchon is a commune.

Concevreux
Concevreux is a commune.

Condren
Condren is a commune.

Condé-en-Brie
Condé-en-Brie is a commune.

Condé-sur-Aisne
Condé-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Condé-sur-Suippe
Condé-sur-Suippe is a commune.

Connigis
Connigis is a commune.

Contescourt
Contescourt is a commune.

Corbeny
Corbeny is a commune.

Corcy
Corcy is a commune.

Coucy-la-Ville
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune.

Coucy-le-Château-Auffrique
Coucy-le-Château-Auffrique is a commune.

Coucy-lès-Eppes
Coucy-lès-Eppes is a commune.

Coulonges
Coulonges is a commune.

Coupru
Coupru is a commune.

Courbes
Courbes is a commune.

Courboin
Courboin is a commune.

Courcelles-sur-Vesles
Courcelles-sur-Vesles is a commune.

Courchamps, Aisne
Courchamps, Aisne is a commune.

Courmelles
Courmelles is a commune.

Courmont, Aisne
Courmont, Aisne is a commune.

Courtemont-Varennes
Courtemont-Varennes is a commune.

Courtrizy-et-Fussigny
Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune.

Couvrelles
Couvrelles is a commune.

Couvron-et-Aumencourt
Couvron-et-Aumencourt is a commune.

Coyolles
Coyolles is a commune.

Cramaille
Cramaille is a commune.

Craonne
Craonne is a commune.

Craonnelle
Craonnelle is a commune.

Croix-Fonsommes
Croix-Fonsommes is a commune.

Crouttes-sur-Marne
Crouttes-sur-Marne is a commune.

Crouy
Crouy is a commune.

Crupilly
Crupilly is a commune.

Crécy-au-Mont
Crécy-au-Mont is a commune.

Crécy-sur-Serre
Crécy-sur-Serre is a commune.

Crépy, Aisne
Crépy, Aisne is a commune.

Crézancy
Crézancy is a commune.

Cuffies
Cuffies is a commune.

Cugny
Cugny is a commune.

Cuirieux
Cuirieux is a commune.

Cuiry-Housse
Cuiry-Housse is a commune.

Cuiry-lès-Chaudardes
Cuiry-lès-Chaudardes is a commune.

Cuiry-lès-Iviers
Cuiry-lès-Iviers is a commune.

Cuissy-et-Geny
Cuissy-et-Geny is a commune.

Cuisy-en-Almont
Cuisy-en-Almont is a commune.

Cutry, Aisne
Cutry, Aisne is a commune.

Cys-la-Commune
Cys-la-Commune is a commune.

Cœuvres-et-Valsery
Cœuvres-et-Valsery is a commune.

Dagny-Lambercy
Dagny-Lambercy is a commune.

Dallon
Dallon is a commune.

Dammard
Dammard is a commune.

Dampleux
Dampleux is a commune.

Danizy
Danizy is a commune.

Dercy
Dercy is a commune.

Deuillet
Deuillet is a commune.

Dhuizel
Dhuizel is a commune.

Dizy-le-Gros
Dizy-le-Gros is a commune.

Dohis
Dohis is a commune.

Dolignon
Dolignon is a commune.

Dommiers
Dommiers is a commune.

Domptin
Domptin is a commune.

Dorengt
Dorengt is a commune.

Douchy, Aisne
Douchy, Aisne is a commune.

Dravegny
Dravegny is a commune.

Droizy
Droizy is a commune.

Dury, Aisne
Dury, Aisne is a commune.

Effry
Effry is a commune.

Englancourt
Englancourt is a commune.

Eppes, Aisne
Eppes, Aisne is a commune.

Erlon
Erlon is a commune.

Erloy
Erloy is a commune.

Esquéhéries
Esquéhéries is a commune.

Essigny-led
Essigny-led is a commune.

Essigny-le-Petit
Essigny-le-Petit is a commune.

Essises
Essises is a commune.

Essômes-sur-Marne
Essômes-sur-Marne is a commune.

Estrées, Aisne
Estrées, Aisne is a commune.

Faucoucourt
Faucoucourt is a commune.

Faverolles, Aisne
Faverolles is a commune.

Fayet, Aisne
Fayet, Aisne is a commune.

Fesmy-le-Sart
Fesmy-le-Sart is a commune.

Festieux
Festieux is a commune.

Fieulaine
Fieulaine is a commune.

Filain, Aisne
Filain, Aisne is a commune.

Flavigny-led-et-Beaurain
Flavigny-led-et-Beaurain is a commune.

Flavy-le-Martel
Flavy-le-Martel is a commune.

Fleury, Aisne
Fleury, Aisne is a commune.

Fluquières
Fluquières is a commune.

Folembray
Folembray is a commune.

Fonsommes
Fonsommes is a commune.

Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Aisne
Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Aisne is a commune.

Fontaine-Uterte
Fontaine-Uterte is a commune.

Fontaine-lès-Clercs
Fontaine-lès-Clercs is a commune.

Fontaine-lès-Vervins
Fontaine-lès-Vervins is a commune.

Fontenelle, Aisne
Fontenelle is a commune.

Fontenelle-en-Brie
Fontenelle-en-Brie is a commune.

Fontenoy, Aisne
Fontenoy, Aisne is a commune.

Foreste
Foreste is a commune.

Fossoy
Fossoy is a commune.

Fourdrain
Fourdrain is a commune.

Francilly-Selency
Francilly-Selency is a commune.

Franqueville, Aisne
Franqueville, Aisne is a commune.

Fresnes, Aisne
Fresnes, Aisne is a commune.

Fresnes-en-Tardenois
Fresnes-en-Tardenois is a commune.

Fresnoy-led
Fresnoy-led is a commune.

Fressancourt
Fressancourt is a commune.

Frières-Faillouël
Frières-Faillouël is a commune.

Froidestrées
Froidestrées is a commune.

Froidmont-Cohartille
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune.

Fère-en-Tardenois
Fère-en-Tardenois is a commune.

Gandelu
Gandelu is a commune.

Gauchy
Gauchy is a commune.

Gercy
Gercy is a commune.

Gergny
Gergny is a commune.

Germaine, Aisne
Germaine, Aisne is a commune.

Gernicourt
Gernicourt is a commune.

Gibercourt
Gibercourt is a commune.

Gizy
Gizy is a commune.

Gland, Aisne
Gland, Aisne is a commune.

Glennes
Glennes is a commune.

Goudelancourt-lès-Berrieux
Goudelancourt-lès-Berrieux is a commune.

Goudelancourt-lès-Pierrepont
Goudelancourt-lès-Pierrepont is a commune.

Goussancourt
Goussancourt is a commune.

Gouy, Aisne
Gouy, Aisne is a commune.

Grand-Rozoy
Grand-Rozoy is a commune.

Grand-Verly
Grand-Verly is a commune.

Grandlup-et-Fay
Grandlup-et-Fay is a commune.

Grandrieux
Grandrieux is a commune.

Gricourt
Gricourt is a commune.

Grisolles, Aisne
Grisolles, Aisne is a commune.

Gronard
Gronard is a commune.

Grougis
Grougis is a commune.

Grugies
Grugies is a commune.

Guignicourt
Guignicourt is a commune.

Guise
Guise is a commune.

Guivry
Guivry is a commune.

Guny
Guny is a commune.

Guyencourt
Guyencourt is a commune.

Hannapes
Hannapes is a commune.

Happencourt
Happencourt is a commune.

Haramont
Haramont is a commune.

Harcigny
Harcigny is a commune.

Hargicourt, Aisne
Hargicourt, Aisne is a commune.

Harly
Harly is a commune.

Hartennes-et-Taux
Hartennes-et-Taux is a commune.

Hary
Hary is a commune.

Hautevesnes
Hautevesnes is a commune.

Hauteville, Aisne
Hauteville, Aisne is a commune.

Haution
Haution is a commune.

Hinacourt
Hinacourt is a commune.

Hirson
Hirson is a commune.

Holnon
Holnon is a commune.

Homblières
Homblières is a commune.

Houry
Houry is a commune.

Housset
Housset is a commune.

Iron, Aisne
Iron, Aisne is a commune.

Itancourt
Itancourt is a commune.

Iviers
Iviers is a commune.

Jaulgonne
Jaulgonne is a commune.

Jeancourt
Jeancourt is a commune.

Jeantes
Jeantes is a commune.

Joncourt
Joncourt is a commune.

Jouaignes
Jouaignes is a commune.

Jumencourt
Jumencourt is a commune.

Jumigny
Jumigny is a commune.

Jussy, Aisne
Jussy, Aisne is a commune.

Juvigny, Aisne
Juvigny, Aisne is a commune.

Juvincourt-et-Damary
Juvincourt-et-Damary is a commune.

L'Épine-aux-Bois
L'Épine-aux-Bois is a commune.

La Bouteille
La Bouteille is a commune.

La Capelle
La Capelle is a commune.

La Celle-sous-Montmirail
La Celle-sous-Montmirail is a commune.

La Chapelle-Monthodon
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune.

La Chapelle-sur-Chézy
La Chapelle-sur-Chézy is a commune.

La Croix-sur-Ourcq
La Croix-sur-Ourcq is a commune.

La Ferté-Chevresis
La Ferté-Chevresis is a commune.

La Ferté-Milon
La Ferté-Milon is a commune.

La Flamengrie, Aisne
La Flamengrie, Aisne is a commune.

La Fère
La Fère is a commune.

La Hérie
La Hérie is a commune.

La Malmaison
La Malmaison is a commune.

La Neuville-Bosmont
La Neuville-Bosmont is a commune.

La Neuville-Housset
La Neuville-Housset is a commune.

La Neuville-en-Beine
La Neuville-en-Beine is a commune.

La Neuville-lès-Dorengt
La Neuville-lès-Dorengt is a commune.

La Selve, Aisne
La Selve, Aisne is a commune.

La Vallée-Mulâtre
La Vallée-Mulâtre is a commune.

La Vallée-au-Blé
La Vallée-au-Blé is a commune.

La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Dizy
La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Dizy is a commune.

La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Pontavert
La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Pontavert is a commune.

Laffaux
Laffaux is a commune.

Laigny
Laigny is a commune.

Lanchy
Lanchy is a commune.

Landifay-et-Bertaignemont
Landifay-et-Bertaignemont is a commune.

Landouzy-la-Cour
Landouzy-la-Cour is a commune.

Landouzy-la-Ville
Landouzy-la-Ville is a commune.

Landricourt, Aisne
Landricourt, Aisne is a commune.

Laniscourt
Laniscourt is a commune.

Laon
Laon is a commune.

Lappion
Lappion is a commune.

Largny-sur-Automne
Largny-sur-Automne is a commune.

Latilly
Latilly is a commune.

Launoy, Aisne
Launoy, Aisne is a commune.

Laval-en-Laonnois
Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Lavaqueresse
Lavaqueresse is a commune.

Laversine
Laversine is a commune.

Le Catelet
Le Catelet is a commune.

Le Charmel
Le Charmel is a commune.

Le Hérie-la-Viéville
Le Hérie-la-Viéville is a commune.

Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache
Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache is a commune.

Le Plessier-Huleu
Le Plessier-Huleu is a commune.

Le Sourd
Le Sourd is a commune.

Le Thuel
Le Thuel is a commune.

Le Verguier
Le Verguier is a commune.

Lehaucourt
Lehaucourt is a commune.

Lempire
Lempire is a commune.

Lemé
Lemé is a commune.

Lerzy
Lerzy is a commune.

Les Autels
Les Autels is a commune.

Leschelles
Leschelles is a commune.

Lesdins
Lesdins is a commune.

Lesges
Lesges is a commune.

Lesquielles-Saint-Germain
Lesquielles-Saint-Germain is a commune.

Leuilly-sous-Coucy
Leuilly-sous-Coucy is a commune.

Leury
Leury is a commune.

Leuze, Aisne
Leuze, Aisne is a commune.

Levergies
Levergies is a commune.

Lhuys
Lhuys is a commune.

Licy-Clignon
Licy-Clignon is a commune.

Lierval
Lierval is a commune.

Liesse-Notre-Dame
Liesse-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Liez, Aisne
Liez, Aisne is a commune.

Limé
Limé is a commune.

Lislet
Lislet is a commune.

Lizy
Lizy is a commune.

Logny-lès-Aubenton
Logny-lès-Aubenton is a commune.

Longpont
Longpont is a commune.

Longueval-Barbonval
Longueval-Barbonval is a commune.

Lor, Aisne
Lor is a commune.

Loupeigne
Loupeigne is a commune.

Louâtre
Louâtre is a commune.

Lucy-le-Bocage
Lucy-le-Bocage is a commune.

Lugny, Aisne
Lugny, Aisne is a commune.

Luzoir
Luzoir is a commune.

Ly-Fontaine
Ly-Fontaine is a commune.

Maast-et-Violaine
Maast-et-Violaine is a commune.

Macogny
Macogny is a commune.

Macquigny
Macquigny is a commune.

Magny-la-Fosse
Magny-la-Fosse is a commune.

Maissemy
Maissemy is a commune.

Maizy
Maizy is a commune.

Malzy
Malzy is a commune.

Manicamp
Manicamp is a commune.

Marchais, Aisne
Marchais, Aisne is a commune.

Marchais-en-Brie
Marchais-en-Brie is a commune.

Marcy, Aisne
Marcy, Aisne is a commune.

Marcy-sous-Marle
Marcy-sous-Marle is a commune.

Marest-Dampcourt
Marest-Dampcourt is a commune.

Mareuil-en-Dôle
Mareuil-en-Dôle is a commune.

Marfontaine
Marfontaine is a commune.

Margival
Margival is a commune.

Marigny-en-Orxois
Marigny-en-Orxois is a commune.

Marizy-Saint-Mard
Marizy-Saint-Mard is a commune.

Marizy-Sainte-Geneviève
Marizy-Sainte-Geneviève is a commune.

Marle, Aisne
Marle, Aisne is a commune.

Marly-Gomont
Marly-Gomont is a commune.

Martigny, Aisne
Martigny, Aisne is a commune.

Martigny-Courpierre
Martigny-Courpierre is a commune.

Mauregny-en-Haye
Mauregny-en-Haye is a commune.

Mayot
Mayot is a commune.

Mennessis
Mennessis is a commune.

Menneville, Aisne
Menneville, Aisne is a commune.

Mennevret
Mennevret is a commune.

Mercin-et-Vaux
Mercin-et-Vaux is a commune.

Merlieux-et-Fouquerolles
Merlieux-et-Fouquerolles is a commune.

Merval
Merval is a commune.

Mesbrecourt-Richecourt
Mesbrecourt-Richecourt is a commune.

Mesnil-Saint-Laurent
Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune.

Meurival
Meurival is a commune.

Missy-aux-Bois
Missy-aux-Bois is a commune.

Missy-lès-Pierrepont
Missy-lès-Pierrepont is a commune.

Missy-sur-Aisne
Missy-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Molain, Aisne
Molain, Aisne is a commune.

Molinchart
Molinchart is a commune.

Monampteuil
Monampteuil is a commune.

Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy
Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune.

Monceau-le-Waast
Monceau-le-Waast is a commune.

Monceau-lès-Leups
Monceau-lès-Leups is a commune.

Monceau-sur-Oise
Monceau-sur-Oise is a commune.

Mondrepuis
Mondrepuis is a commune.

Monnes
Monnes is a commune.

Mons-en-Laonnois
Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune.

Mont-Notre-Dame
Mont-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Mont-Saint, Aisne
Mont-Saint, Aisne is a commune.

Mont-Saint-Martin, Aisne
Mont-Saint-Martin, Aisne is a commune.

Mont-Saint-Père
Mont-Saint-Père is a commune.

Mont-d'Origny
Mont-d'Origny is a commune.

Montaigu, Aisne
Montaigu, Aisne is a commune.

Montbavin
Montbavin is a commune.

Montbrehain
Montbrehain is a commune.

Montchâlons
Montchâlons is a commune.

Montcornet, Aisne
Montcornet, Aisne is a commune.

Montescourt-Lizerolles
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune.

Montfaucon, Aisne
Montfaucon, Aisne is a commune.

Montgobert
Montgobert is a commune.

Montgru-Saint-Hilaire
Montgru-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.

Monthenault
Monthenault is a commune.

Monthiers
Monthiers is a commune.

Monthurel
Monthurel is a commune.

Montigny-Lengrain
Montigny-Lengrain is a commune.

Montigny-en-Arrouaise
Montigny-en-Arrouaise is a commune.

Montigny-l'Allier
Montigny-l'Allier is a commune.

Montigny-lec
Montigny-lec is a commune.

Montigny-lès-Condé
Montigny-lès-Condé is a commune.

Montigny-sous-Marle
Montigny-sous-Marle is a commune.

Montigny-sur-Crécy
Montigny-sur-Crécy is a commune.

Montlevon
Montlevon is a commune.

Montloué
Montloué is a commune.

Montreuil-aux-Lions
Montreuil-aux-Lions is a commune.

Morcourt, Aisne
Morcourt, Aisne is a commune.

Morgny-en-Thiérache
Morgny-en-Thiérache is a commune.

Morsain
Morsain is a commune.

Mortefontaine, Aisne
Mortefontaine, Aisne is a commune.

Mortiers, Aisne
Mortiers, Aisne is a commune.

Moulins, Aisne
Moulins, Aisne is a commune.

Moussy-Verneuil
Moussy-Verneuil is a commune.

Moÿ-de-l'Aisne
Moÿ-de-l'Aisne is a commune.

Muret-et-Crouttes
Muret-et-Crouttes is a commune.

Muscourt
Muscourt is a commune.

Mâchecourt
Mâchecourt is a commune.

Mézières-sur-Oise
Mézières-sur-Oise is a commune.

Mézy-Moulins
Mézy-Moulins is a commune.

Nampcelles-la-Cour
Nampcelles-la-Cour is a commune.

Nampteuil-sous-Muret
Nampteuil-sous-Muret is a commune.

Nanteuil-Notre-Dame
Nanteuil-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Nanteuil-la-Fosse
Nanteuil-la-Fosse is a commune.

Nauroy
Nauroy is a commune.

Nesles-la-Montagne
Nesles-la-Montagne is a commune.

Neufchâtel-sur-Aisne
Neufchâtel-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Neuflieux
Neuflieux is a commune.

Neuilly-Saint-Front
Neuilly-Saint-Front is a commune.

Neuve-Maison
Neuve-Maison is a commune.

Neuville-Saintd
Neuville-Saintd is a commune.

Neuville-sur-Ailette
Neuville-sur-Ailette is a commune.

Neuville-sur-Margival
Neuville-sur-Margival is a commune.

Neuvillette, Aisne
Neuvillette, Aisne is a commune.

Nizy-le-Comte
Nizy-le-Comte is a commune.

Nogent-l'Artaud
Nogent-l'Artaud is a commune.

Nogentel
Nogentel is a commune.

Noircourt
Noircourt is a commune.

Noroy-sur-Ourcq
Noroy-sur-Ourcq is a commune.

Nouvion-et-Catillon
Nouvion-et-Catillon is a commune.

Nouvion-le-Comte
Nouvion-le-Comte is a commune.

Nouvion-le-Vineux
Nouvion-le-Vineux is a commune.

Nouvron-Vingré
Nouvron-Vingré is a commune.

Noyales
Noyales is a commune.

Noyant-et-Aconin
Noyant-et-Aconin is a commune.

Ognes, Aisne
Ognes, Aisne is a commune.

Ohis
Ohis is a commune.

Oigny-en-Valois
Oigny-en-Valois is a commune.

Oisy, Aisne
Oisy, Aisne is a commune.

Ollezy
Ollezy is a commune.

Omissy
Omissy is a commune.

Orainville
Orainville is a commune.

Orgeval, Aisne
Orgeval, Aisne is a commune.

Origny-Sainte-Benoite
Origny-Sainte-Benoite is a commune.

Origny-en-Thiérache
Origny-en-Thiérache is a commune.

Osly-Courtil
Osly-Courtil is a commune.

Ostel
Ostel is a commune.

Oulches-la-Vallée-Foulon
Oulches-la-Vallée-Foulon is a commune.

Oulchy-la-Ville
Oulchy-la-Ville is a commune.

Oulchy-le-Château
Oulchy-le-Château is a commune.

Paars
Paars is a commune.

Paissy
Paissy is a commune.

Pancy-Courtecon
Pancy-Courtecon is a commune.

Papleux
Papleux is a commune.

Parcy-et-Tigny
Parcy-et-Tigny is a commune.

Parfondeval, Aisne
Parfondeval, Aisne is a commune.

Parfondru
Parfondru is a commune.

Pargnan
Pargnan is a commune.

Pargny-Filain
Pargny-Filain is a commune.

Pargny-la-Dhuys
Pargny-la-Dhuys is a commune.

Pargny-les-Bois
Pargny-les-Bois is a commune.

Parpeville
Parpeville is a commune.

Pasly
Pasly is a commune.

Passy-en-Valois
Passy-en-Valois is a commune.

Passy-sur-Marne
Passy-sur-Marne is a commune.

Pavant
Pavant is a commune.

Perles, Aisne
Perles, Aisne is a commune.

Pernant
Pernant is a commune.

Petit-Verly
Petit-Verly is a commune.

Pierremande
Pierremande is a commune.

Pierrepont, Aisne
Pierrepont, Aisne is a commune.

Pignicourt
Pignicourt is a commune.

Pinon, Aisne
Pinon, Aisne is a commune.

Pithon
Pithon is a commune.

Pleine-Selve, Aisne
Pleine-Selve, Aisne is a commune.

Ploisy
Ploisy is a commune.

Plomion
Plomion is a commune.

Ployart-et-Vaurseine
Ployart-et-Vaurseine is a commune.

Pommiers, Aisne
Pommiers, Aisne is a commune.

Pont-Arcy
Pont-Arcy is a commune.

Pont-Saint-Mard
Pont-Saint-Mard is a commune.

Pontavert
Pontavert is a commune.

Phantasmal poison frog
A phantasmal poison frog  is a species poison dart frog.

Pontru
Pontru is a commune.

Pontruet
Pontruet is a commune.

Pouilly-sur-Serre
Pouilly-sur-Serre is a commune.

Presles-et-Boves
Presles-et-Boves is a commune.

Presles-ety
Presles-ety is a commune.

Priez
Priez is a commune.

Prisces
Prisces is a commune.

Proisy
Proisy is a commune.

Proix
Proix is a commune.

Prouvais
Prouvais is a commune.

Proviseux-et-Plesnoy
Proviseux-et-Plesnoy is a commune.

Prémont
Prémont is a commune.

Prémontré
Prémontré is a commune.

Puiseux-en-Retz
Puiseux-en-Retz is a commune.

Puisieux-etlieu
Puisieux-etlieu is a commune.

Quierzy
Quierzy is a commune.

Quincy-Basse
Quincy-Basse is a commune.

Quincy-sous-le-Mont
Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune.

Raillimont
Raillimont is a commune.

Ramicourt
Ramicourt is a commune.

Regny
Regny is a commune.

Remaucourt, Aisne
Remaucourt, Aisne is a commune.

Remies
Remies is a commune.

Remigny, Aisne
Remigny, Aisne is a commune.

Renansart
Renansart is a commune.

Renneval
Renneval is a commune.

Ressons-le-Long
Ressons-le-Long is a commune.

Retheuil
Retheuil is a commune.

Reuilly-Sauvigny
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune.

Ribeauville
Ribeauville is a commune.

Ribemont
Ribemont is a commune.

Rocourt-Saint-Martin
Rocourt-Saint-Martin is a commune.

Rocquigny, Aisne
Rocquigny, Aisne is a commune.

Rogny
Rogny is a commune.

Rogécourt
Rogécourt is a commune.

Romeny-sur-Marne
Romeny-sur-Marne is a commune.

Romery, Aisne
Romery, Aisne is a commune.

Ronchères, Aisne
Ronchères, Aisne is a commune.

Roucy
Roucy is a commune.

Rougeries
Rougeries is a commune.

Roupy
Roupy is a commune.

Rouvroy, Aisne
Rouvroy, Aisne is a commune.

Rouvroy-sur-Serre
Rouvroy-sur-Serre is a commune.

Royaucourt-et-Chailvet
Royaucourt-et-Chailvet is a commune.

Rozet-Saint-Albin
Rozet-Saint-Albin is a commune.

Rozières-sur-Crise
Rozières-sur-Crise is a commune.

Rozoy-Bellevalle
Rozoy-Bellevalle is a commune.

Rozoy-sur-Serre
Rozoy-sur-Serre is a commune.

Résigny
Résigny is a commune.

Révillon
Révillon is a commune.

Saconin-et-Breuil
Saconin-et-Breuil is a commune.

Sains-Richaumont
Sains-Richaumont is a commune.

Saint, Aisne
Saint, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Algis
Saint-Algis is a commune.

Saint-Aubin, Aisne
Saint-Aubin, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Bandry
Saint-Bandry is a commune.

Saint-Christophe-à-Berry
Saint-Christophe-à-Berry is a commune.

Saint-Clément, Aisne
Saint-Clément, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Erme-Outre-et-Ramecourt
Saint-Erme-Outre-et-Ramecourt is a commune.

Saint-Eugène, Aisne
Saint-Eugène, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Gengoulph
Saint-Gengoulph is a commune.

Saint-Gobain, Aisne
Saint-Gobain, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Gobert
Saint-Gobert is a commune.

Saint-Mard, Aisne
Saint-Mard, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Rivière
Saint-Martin-Rivière is a commune.

Saint-Michel, Aisne
Saint-Michel, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois
Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Paul-aux-Bois
Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-Aigle
Saint-Pierre-Aigle is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-lèsqueville
Saint-Pierre-lèsqueville is a commune.

Saint-Pierremont, Aisne
Saint-Pierremont, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Quentin, Aisne
Saint-Quentin, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Rémyzy
Saint-Rémyzy is a commune.

Saint-Simon, Aisne
Saint-Simon, Aisne is a commune.

Saint-Thibaut
Saint-Thibaut is a commune.

Saint-Thomas, Aisne
Saint-Thomas, Aisne is a commune.

Sainte-Croix, Aisne
Sainte-Croix, Aisne is a commune.

Sainte-Geneviève, Aisne
Sainte-Geneviève, Aisne is a commune.

Sainte-Preuve
Sainte-Preuve is a commune.

Samoussy
Samoussy is a commune.

Sancy-les-Cheminots
Sancy-les-Cheminots is a commune.

Saponay
Saponay is a commune.

Saulchery
Saulchery is a commune.

Savy
Savy is a commune.

Seboncourt
Seboncourt is a commune.

Selens
Selens is a commune.

Septmonts
Septmonts is a commune.

Septvaux
Septvaux is a commune.

Sequehart
Sequehart is a commune.

Serain
Serain is a commune.

Seraucourt-led
Seraucourt-led is a commune.

Serches
Serches is a commune.

Sergy, Aisne
Sergy, Aisne is a commune.

Seringes-et-Nesles
Seringes-et-Nesles is a commune.

Sermoise
Sermoise is a commune.

Servais
Servais is a commune.

Serval, Aisne
Serval, Aisne is a commune.

Silly-la-Poterie
Silly-la-Poterie is a commune.

Sinceny
Sinceny is a commune.

Sissonne
Sissonne is a commune.

Sissy, Aisne
Sissy, Aisne is a commune.

Soissons
Soissons is a commune.

Soize
Soize is a commune.

Sommelans
Sommelans is a commune.

Sommeron
Sommeron is a commune.

Sommette-Eaucourt
Sommette-Eaucourt is a commune.

Sons-et-Ronchères
Sons-et-Ronchères is a commune.

Sorbais
Sorbais is a commune.

Soucy, Aisne
Soucy, Aisne is a commune.

Soupir
Soupir is a commune.

Surfontaine
Surfontaine is a commune.

Suzy, Aisne
Suzy, Aisne is a commune.

Séry-lès-Mézières
Séry-lès-Mézières is a commune.

Taillefontaine
Taillefontaine is a commune.

Tannières
Tannières is a commune.

Tartiers
Tartiers is a commune.

Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt
Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt is a commune.

Tergnier
Tergnier is a commune.

Terny-Sorny
Terny-Sorny is a commune.

Thenailles
Thenailles is a commune.

Thenelles
Thenelles is a commune.

Thiernu
Thiernu is a commune.

Torcy-en-Valois
Torcy-en-Valois is a commune.

Toulis-et-Attencourt
Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune.

Travecy
Travecy is a commune.

Trefcon
Trefcon is a commune.

Trosly-Loire
Trosly-Loire is a commune.

Troësnes
Troësnes is a commune.

Trucy
Trucy is a commune.

Trélou-sur-Marne
Trélou-sur-Marne is a commune.

Tugny-et-Pont
Tugny-et-Pont is a commune.

Tupigny
Tupigny is a commune.

Ugny-le-Gay
Ugny-le-Gay is a commune.

Urcel
Urcel is a commune.

Urvillers
Urvillers is a commune.

Vadencourt, Aisne
Vadencourt, Aisne is a commune.

Vailly-sur-Aisne
Vailly-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Variscourt
Variscourt is a commune.

Vassens
Vassens is a commune.

Vasseny
Vasseny is a commune.

Vassogne
Vassogne is a commune.

Vaucelles-et-Beffecourt
Vaucelles-et-Beffecourt is a commune.

Vaudesson
Vaudesson is a commune.

Vaux-Andigny
Vaux-Andigny is a commune.

Vaux-endois
Vaux-endois is a commune.

Vauxaillon
Vauxaillon is a commune.

Vauxbuin
Vauxbuin is a commune.

Vauxcéré
Vauxcéré is a commune.

Vauxrezis
Vauxrezis is a commune.

Vauxtin
Vauxtin is a commune.

Vendelles
Vendelles is a commune.

Vendeuil
Vendeuil is a commune.

Vendhuile
Vendhuile is a commune.

Vendières
Vendières is a commune.

Vendresse-Beaulne
Vendresse-Beaulne is a commune.

Venizel
Venizel is a commune.

Verdilly
Verdilly is a commune.

Vermand
Vermand is a commune.

Verneuil-sous-Coucy
Verneuil-sous-Coucy is a commune.

Verneuil-sur-Serre
Verneuil-sur-Serre is a commune.

Versigny, Aisne
Versigny, Aisne is a commune.

Vervins
Vervins is a commune.

Vesles-et-Caumont
Vesles-et-Caumont is a commune.

Veslud
Veslud is a commune.

Veuilly-la-Poterie
Veuilly-la-Poterie is a commune.

Vic-sur-Aisne
Vic-sur-Aisne is a commune.

Vichel-Nanteuil
Vichel-Nanteuil is a commune.

Viel-Arcy
Viel-Arcy is a commune.

Viels-Maisons
Viels-Maisons is a commune.

Vierzy
Vierzy is a commune.

Viffort
Viffort is a commune.

Vigneux-Hocquet
Vigneux-Hocquet is a commune.

Ville-Savoye
Ville-Savoye is a commune.

Villemontoire
Villemontoire is a commune.

Villeneuve-Saint-Germain
Villeneuve-Saint-Germain is a commune.

Villeneuve-sur-Fère
Villeneuve-sur-Fère is a commune.

Villequier-Aumont
Villequier-Aumont is a commune.

Villeret, Aisne
Villeret, Aisne is a commune.

Villers-Agron-Aiguizy
Villers-Agron-Aiguizy is a commune.

Villers-Cotterêts
Villers-Cotterêts is a commune.

Villers-Hélon
Villers-Hélon is a commune.

Villers-Saint-Christophe
Villers-Saint-Christophe is a commune.

Villers-en-Prayères
Villers-en-Prayères is a commune.

Villers-le-Sec, Aisne
Villers-le-Sec, Aisne is a commune.

Villers-lès-Guise
Villers-lès-Guise is a commune.

Villers-sur-Fère
Villers-sur-Fère is a commune.

Villiers-Saint-Denis
Villiers-Saint-Denis is a commune.

Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny
Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny is a commune.

Viry-Noureuil
Viry-Noureuil is a commune.

Vivaise
Vivaise is a commune.

Vivières
Vivières is a commune.

Voharies
Voharies is a commune.

Vorges
Vorges is a commune.

Voulpaix
Voulpaix is a commune.

Voyenne
Voyenne is a commune.

Vregny
Vregny is a commune.

Vuillery
Vuillery is a commune.

Vénérolles
Vénérolles is a commune.

Vézaponin
Vézaponin is a commune.

Vézilly
Vézilly is a commune.

Wassigny
Wassigny is a commune.

Watigny
Watigny is a commune.

Wimy
Wimy is a commune.

Wissignicourt
Wissignicourt is a commune.

Wiège-Faty
Wiège-Faty is a commune.

Ébouleau
Ébouleau is a commune.

Épagny, Aisne
Épagny, Aisne is a commune.

Éparcy
Éparcy is a commune.

Épaux-Bézu
Épaux-Bézu is a commune.

Épieds, Aisne
Épieds, Aisne is a commune.

Étampes-sur-Marne
Étampes-sur-Marne is a commune.

Étaves-et-Bocquiaux
Étaves-et-Bocquiaux is a commune.

Étouvelles
Étouvelles is a commune.

Étreillers
Étreillers is a commune.

Étreux
Étreux is a commune.

Étréaupont
Étréaupont is a commune.

Étrépilly, Aisne
Étrépilly, Aisne is a commune.

Évergnicourt
Évergnicourt is a commune.

Œuilly, Aisne
Œuilly, Aisne is a commune.

Leeds railway station
Leeds railway station Leeds City Station is railway stations in United Kingdom.

Communes Pas-de-Calais department
There are 894 communes in Pas-de-Calais "département", ince.

Huetter, Idaho
Huetter, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Idaho City, Idaho
Idaho City, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Idaho Falls, Idaho
Idaho Falls, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Inkom, Idaho
Inkom, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Iona, Idaho
Iona, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Irwin, Idaho
Irwin, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Island Park, Idaho
Island Park, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Jerome, Idaho
Jerome, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Juliaetta, Idaho
Juliaetta, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kamiah, Idaho
Kamiah, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kellogg, Idaho
Kellogg, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kendrick, Idaho
Kendrick, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ketchum, Idaho
Ketchum, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kimberly, Idaho
Kimberly, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kooskia, Idaho
Kooskia, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kootenai, Idaho
Kootenai, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Kuna, Idaho
Kuna, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Lapwai, Idaho
Lapwai, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Lava Hot Springs, Idaho
Lava Hot Springs, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Leadore, Idaho
Leadore, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Lewiston, Idaho
Lewiston, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Lewisville, Idaho
Lewisville, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Mackay, Idaho
Mackay, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Malad City, Idaho
Malad City, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Malta, Idaho
Malta, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Marsing, Idaho
Marsing, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

McCall, Idaho
McCall, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

McCammon, Idaho
McCammon, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Melba, Idaho
Melba, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Menan, Idaho
Menan, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Meridian, Idaho
Meridian, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Middleton, Idaho
Middleton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Midvale, Idaho
Midvale, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Minidoka, Idaho
Minidoka, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Montpelier, Idaho
Montpelier, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Moore, Idaho
Moore, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Moscow, Idaho
Moscow, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Mountain Home, Idaho
Mountain Home, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Moyie Springs, Idaho
Moyie Springs, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Mud Lake, Idaho
Mud Lake, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ablain-Saint-Nazaire
Ablain-Saint-Nazaire is a commune.

Mullan, Idaho
Mullan, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Murtaugh, Idaho
Murtaugh, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Nampa, Idaho
Nampa, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

New Meadows, Idaho
New Meadows, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

New Plymouth, Idaho
New Plymouth, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Newdale, Idaho
Newdale, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Nezperce, Idaho
Nezperce, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Notus, Idaho
Notus, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Oakley, Idaho
Oakley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Oldtown, Idaho
Oldtown, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Ablainzevelle
Ablainzevelle is a commune.

Acheville
Acheville is a commune.

Achicourt
Achicourt is a commune.

Onaway, Idaho
Onaway, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Achiet-led
Achiet-led is a commune.

Orofino, Idaho
Orofino, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Achiet-le-Petit
Achiet-le-Petit is a commune.

Acq
Acq is a commune.

Osburn, Idaho
Osburn, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Acquin-Westbécourt
Acquin-Westbécourt is a commune.

Oxford, Idaho
Oxford, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Adinfer
Adinfer is a commune.

Affringues
Affringues is a commune.

Agnez-lèss
Agnez-lèss is a commune.

Agnières
Agnières is a commune.

Agny
Agny is a commune.

Aire-sur-la-Lys
Aire-sur-la-Lys is a commune.

Airon-Notre-Dame
Airon-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Paris, Idaho
Paris, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Airon-Saint-Vaast
Airon-Saint-Vaast is a commune.

Aix-Noulette
Aix-Noulette is a commune.

Parker, Idaho
Parker, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Seacroft
Seacroft is ae council estate in Leeds, Westire, UK.

Aix-en-Ergny
Aix-en-Ergny is a commune.

Aix-en-Issart
Aix-en-Issart is a commune.

Alembon
Alembon is a commune.

Alette
Alette is a commune.

Alincthun
Alincthun is a commune.

Allouagne
Allouagne is a commune.

Alquines
Alquines is a commune.

Ambleteuse
Ambleteuse is a commune.

Ambricourt
Ambricourt is a commune.

Ambrines
Ambrines is a commune.

Ames, Pas-de-Calais
Ames, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Amettes
Amettes is a commune.

Amplier
Amplier is a commune.

Andres, Pas-de-Calais
Andres, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Angres
Angres is a commune.

Annay, Pas-de-Calais
Annay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Annequin
Annequin is a commune.

Annezin
Annezin is a commune.

Anvin
Anvin is a commune.

Anzin-Saint-Aubin
Anzin-Saint-Aubin is a commune.

Ardres
Ardres is a commune.

Arleux-en-Gohelle
Arleux-en-Gohelle is a commune.

Arques, Pas-de-Calais
Arques, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Arras
Arras is a commune.

Athies, Pas-de-Calais
Athies, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Attin
Attin is a commune.

Lemming
Lemmings are rodents, usually found in near Arctic, in tundra biomes.

Aubigny-en-Artois
Aubigny-en-Artois is a commune.

Aubin-Saint-Vaast
Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune.

Aubrometz
Aubrometz is a commune.

Auchel
Auchel is a commune.

Auchy-au-Bois
Auchy-au-Bois is a commune.

Auchy-les-Mines
Auchy-les-Mines is a commune.

Auchy-lès-Hesdin
Auchy-lès-Hesdin is a commune.

Audembert
Audembert is a commune.

Parma, Idaho
Parma, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Audincthun
Audincthun is a commune.

Audinghen
Audinghen is a commune.

Paul, Idaho
Paul, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Audrehem
Audrehem is a commune.

Payette, Idaho
Payette, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Audresselles
Audresselles is a commune.

Peck, Idaho
Peck, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Audruicq
Audruicq is a commune.

Aumerval
Aumerval is a commune.

Pierce, Idaho
Pierce, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Autingues
Autingues is a commune.

Pinehurst, Idaho
Pinehurst, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Auxi-le-Château
Auxi-le-Château is a commune.

Averdoingt
Averdoingt is a commune.

Placerville, Idaho
Placerville, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Avesnes
Avesnes is a commune.

Plummer, Idaho
Plummer, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Avesnes-le-Comte
Avesnes-le-Comte is a commune.

Pocatello, Idaho
Pocatello, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Avesnes-lès-Bapaume
Avesnes-lès-Bapaume is a commune.

Avion, Pas-de-Calais
Avion, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Avondance
Avondance is a commune.

Avroult
Avroult is a commune.

Ayette
Ayette is a commune.

Azincourt
Azincourt is a commune.

Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult
Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune.

Bailleul-aux-Cornailles
Bailleul-aux-Cornailles is a commune.

Ponderay, Idaho
Ponderay, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bailleul-lès-Pernes
Bailleul-lès-Pernes is a commune.

Bailleulmont
Bailleulmont is a commune.

Bailleulval
Bailleulval is a commune.

Baincthun
Baincthun is a commune.

Bainghen
Bainghen is a commune.

Bajus, Pas-de-Calais
Bajus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Post Falls, Idaho
Post Falls, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Balinghem
Balinghem is a commune.

Potlatch, Idaho
Potlatch, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bancourt
Bancourt is a commune.

Preston, Idaho
Preston, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bapaume
Bapaume is a commune.

Priest River, Idaho
Priest River, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Baralle
Baralle is a commune.

Rathdrum, Idaho
Rathdrum, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Barastre
Barastre is a commune.

Barlin
Barlin is a commune.

Reubens, Idaho
Reubens, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Barly, Pas-de-Calais
Barly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Rexburg, Idaho
Rexburg, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Basseux
Basseux is a commune.

Bavincourt
Bavincourt is a commune.

Richfield, Idaho
Richfield, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem
Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem is a commune.

Bayenghem-lès-Éperlecques
Bayenghem-lès-Éperlecques is a commune.

Bazinghen
Bazinghen is a commune.

Beaudricourt
Beaudricourt is a commune.

Beaufort-Blavincourt
Beaufort-Blavincourt is a commune.

Beaulencourt
Beaulencourt is a commune.

Beaumerie-Saint-Martin
Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune.

Rigby, Idaho
Rigby, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beaumetz-lès-Aire
Beaumetz-lès-Aire is a commune.

Riggins, Idaho
Riggins, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beaumetz-lès-Cambrai
Beaumetz-lès-Cambrai is a commune.

Ririe, Idaho
Ririe, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beaumetz-lès-Loges
Beaumetz-lès-Loges is a commune.

Roberts, Idaho
Roberts, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beaurains
Beaurains is a commune.

Rockland, Idaho
Rockland, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beaurainville
Beaurainville is a commune.

Rupert, Idaho
Rupert, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beauvoirs
Beauvoirs is a commune.

Beauvois, Pas-de-Calais
Beauvois, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Salmon, Idaho
Salmon, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Belle-et-Houllefort
Belle-et-Houllefort is a commune.

Sandpoint, Idaho
Sandpoint, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Shelley, Idaho
Shelley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bellebrune
Bellebrune is a commune.

Shoshone, Idaho
Shoshone, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bellonne
Bellonne is a commune.

Smelterville, Idaho
Smelterville, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Berck
Berck is a commune.

Bergueneuse
Bergueneuse is a commune.

Berlencourt-le-Cauroy
Berlencourt-le-Cauroy is a commune.

Soda Springs, Idaho
Soda Springs, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Berles-Monchel
Berles-Monchel is a commune.

Berles-au-Bois
Berles-au-Bois is a commune.

Spencer, Idaho
Spencer, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bermicourt
Bermicourt is a commune.

Berneville
Berneville is a commune.

Spirit Lake, Idaho
Spirit Lake, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bernieulles
Bernieulles is a commune.

Bertincourt
Bertincourt is a commune.

St. Anthony, Idaho
St.

Beugin
Beugin is a commune.

Beugny
Beugny is a commune.

St. Charles, Idaho
St.

Beugnâtre
Beugnâtre is a commune.

St. Maries, Idaho
St.

Beussent
Beussent is a commune.

Stanley, Idaho
Stanley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beutin
Beutin is a commune.

Star, Idaho
Star, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Beuvrequen
Beuvrequen is a commune.

Beuvry
Beuvry is a commune.

Bezinghem
Bezinghem is a commune.

Biache-Saint-Vaast
Biache-Saint-Vaast is a commune.

State Line, Idaho
State Line, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume
Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume is a commune.

Stites, Idaho
Stites, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bienvillers-au-Bois
Bienvillers-au-Bois is a commune.

Bihucourt
Bihucourt is a commune.

Sugar City, Idaho
Sugar City, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Billy-Berclau
Billy-Berclau is a commune.

Sun Valley, Idaho
Sun Valley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Billy-Montigny
Billy-Montigny is a commune.

Bimont
Bimont is a commune.

Blairville
Blairville is a commune.

Swan Valley, Idaho
Swan Valley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Blangervalgermont
Blangervalgermont is a commune.

Tensed, Idaho
Tensed, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Blangy-sur-Ternoise
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune.

Teton, Idaho
Teton, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Blendecques
Blendecques is a commune.

Blessy, Pas-de-Calais
Blessy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Tetonia, Idaho
Tetonia, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Blingel
Blingel is a commune.

Bléquin
Bléquin is a commune.

Troy, Idaho
Troy, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Boffles
Boffles is a commune.

Boiry-Becquerelle
Boiry-Becquerelle is a commune.

Twin Falls, Idaho
Twin Falls, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Boiry-Notre-Dame
Boiry-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Ucon, Idaho
Ucon, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Boiry-Saint-Martin
Boiry-Saint-Martin is a commune.

Victor, Idaho
Victor, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude
Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude is a commune.

Wallace, Idaho
Wallace, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bois-Bernard
Bois-Bernard is a commune.

Boisdinghem
Boisdinghem is a commune.

Boisjean
Boisjean is a commune.

Boisleux-Saint-Marc
Boisleux-Saint-Marc is a commune.

Boisleux-au-Mont
Boisleux-au-Mont is a commune.

Bomy
Bomy is a commune.

Bonningues-lès-Ardres
Bonningues-lès-Ardres is a commune.

Bonningues-lès-Calais
Bonningues-lès-Calais is a commune.

Diet
Diet is a word people use wheny talk about eating food.

Bonnières, Pas-de-Calais
Bonnières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Boubers-lès-Hesmond
Boubers-lès-Hesmond is a commune.

Boubers-sur-Canche
Boubers-sur-Canche is a commune.

Bouin-Plumoison
Bouin-Plumoison is a commune.

Boulogne-sur-Mer
Boulogne-sur-Mer is a commune.

Bouquehault
Bouquehault is a commune.

Bourecq
Bourecq is a commune.

Bouret-sur-Canche
Bouret-sur-Canche is a commune.

Bourlon
Bourlon is a commune.

Bournonville, Pas-de-Calais
Bournonville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Bours, Pas-de-Calais
Bours, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Boursin
Boursin is a commune.

Bourthes
Bourthes is a commune.

Bouvelinghem
Bouvelinghem is a commune.

Bouvigny-Boyeffles
Bouvigny-Boyeffles is a commune.

Boyaval
Boyaval is a commune.

Boyelles
Boyelles is a commune.

Wardner, Idaho
Wardner, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Brebières
Brebières is a commune.

Warm River, Idaho
Warm River, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Brias
Brias is a commune.

Weippe, Idaho
Weippe, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Brimeux
Brimeux is a commune.

Weiser, Idaho
Weiser, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bruay-la-Buissière
Bruay-la-Buissière is a commune.

Brunembert
Brunembert is a commune.

Brévillers, Pas-de-Calais
Brévillers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Wendell, Idaho
Wendell, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bréxent-Énocq
Bréxent-Énocq is a commune.

Brêmes
Brêmes is a commune.

Bucquoy
Bucquoy is a commune.

Buire-au-Bois
Buire-au-Bois is a commune.

Buire-le-Sec
Buire-le-Sec is a commune.

Buissy
Buissy is a commune.

Bullecourt
Bullecourt is a commune.

Bully-les-Mines
Bully-les-Mines is a commune.

Buneville
Buneville is a commune.

Weston, Idaho
Weston, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Burbure
Burbure is a commune.

Bus, Pas-de-Calais
Bus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

White Bird, Idaho
White Bird, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Busnes
Busnes is a commune.

Wilder, Idaho
Wilder, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Béalencourt
Béalencourt is a commune.

Winchester, Idaho
Winchester, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Bécourt
Bécourt is a commune.

Worley, Idaho
Worley, Idaho is a city Idaho in United States.

Béhagnies
Béhagnies is a commune.

Bénifontaine
Bénifontaine is a commune.

Béthonsart
Béthonsart is a commune.

Béthune
Béthune is a commune.

Caffiers
Caffiers is a commune.

Cagnicourt
Cagnicourt is a commune.

Calonne-Ricouart
Calonne-Ricouart is a commune.

Calonne-sur-la-Lys
Calonne-sur-la-Lys is a commune.

Camblain-Châtelain
Camblain-Châtelain is a commune.

Camblain-l'Abbé
Camblain-l'Abbé is a commune.

Cambligneul
Cambligneul is a commune.

Cambrin
Cambrin is a commune.

Camiers
Camiers is a commune.

Campagne-lès-Boulonnais
Campagne-lès-Boulonnais is a commune.

Campagne-lès-Guines
Campagne-lès-Guines is a commune.

Campagne-lès-Hesdin
Campagne-lès-Hesdin is a commune.

Campagne-lès-Wardrecques
Campagne-lès-Wardrecques is a commune.

Campigneulles-lesdes
Campigneulles-lesdes is a commune.

Campigneulles-les-Petites
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune.

Canettemont
Canettemont is a commune.

Canlers
Canlers is a commune.

Canteleux
Canteleux is a commune.

Capelle-Fermont
Capelle-Fermont is a commune.

Capelle-lès-Hesdin
Capelle-lès-Hesdin is a commune.

Carency
Carency is a commune.

Carly, Pas-de-Calais
Carly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Carvin
Carvin is a commune.

Cauchy-à-la-Tour
Cauchy-à-la-Tour is a commune.

Caucourt
Caucourt is a commune.

Caumont, Pas-de-Calais
Caumont, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Cavron-Saint-Martin
Cavron-Saint-Martin is a commune.

Chelers
Chelers is a commune.

Chocques
Chocques is a commune.

Chériennes
Chériennes is a commune.

Chérisy
Chérisy is a commune.

Clairmarais
Clairmarais is a commune.

Clarques
Clarques is a commune.

Clenleu
Clenleu is a commune.

Clerques
Clerques is a commune.

Cléty
Cléty is a commune.

Colembert
Colembert is a commune.

Colline-Beaumont
Colline-Beaumont is a commune.

Conchil-le-Temple
Conchil-le-Temple is a commune.

Conchy-sur-Canche
Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune.

Condette
Condette is a commune.

Contes, Pas-de-Calais
Contes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Conteville-en-Ternois
Conteville-en-Ternois is a commune.

Conteville-lès-Boulogne
Conteville-lès-Boulogne is a commune.

Coquelles
Coquelles is a commune.

Corbehem
Corbehem is a commune.

Cormont
Cormont is a commune.

Couin
Couin is a commune.

Coullemont
Coullemont is a commune.

Coulogne
Coulogne is a commune.

Coulomby
Coulomby is a commune.

Coupelle-Neuve
Coupelle-Neuve is a commune.

Coupelle-Vieille
Coupelle-Vieille is a commune.

Courcelles-le-Comte
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune.

Courcelles-lès-Lens
Courcelles-lès-Lens is a commune.

Courrières
Courrières is a commune.

Courset
Courset is a commune.

Couturelle
Couturelle is a commune.

Coyecques
Coyecques is a commune.

Croisette, Pas-de-Calais
Croisette, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais
Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Croix-en-Ternois
Croix-en-Ternois is a commune.

Crémarest
Crémarest is a commune.

Crépy, Pas-de-Calais
Crépy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Créquy
Créquy is a commune.

Cucq
Cucq is a commune.

Cuinchy
Cuinchy is a commune.

Dainville
Dainville is a commune.

Dannes
Dannes is a commune.

Delettes
Delettes is a commune.

Denier, Pas-de-Calais
Denier, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Dennebrœucq
Dennebrœucq is a commune.

Desvres
Desvres is a commune.

Divion
Divion is a commune.

Diéval
Diéval is a commune.

Dohem
Dohem is a commune.

Douchy-lès-Ayette
Douchy-lès-Ayette is a commune.

Doudeauville, Pas-de-Calais
Doudeauville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Dourges
Dourges is a commune.

Douriez
Douriez is a commune.

Douvrin
Douvrin is a commune.

Drocourt, Pas-de-Calais
Drocourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Drouvin-le-Marais
Drouvin-le-Marais is a commune.

Duisans
Duisans is a commune.

Dury, Pas-de-Calais
Dury, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Echinghen
Echinghen is a commune.

Ecquedecques
Ecquedecques is a commune.

Ecques
Ecques is a commune.

Elnes
Elnes is a commune.

Embry, Pas-de-Calais
Embry, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Enguinegatte
Enguinegatte is a commune.

Enquin-les-Mines
Enquin-les-Mines is a commune.

Enquin-sur-Baillons
Enquin-sur-Baillons is a commune.

Eps, Pas-de-Calais
Eps, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Ergny
Ergny is a commune.

Erny-Saint-Julien
Erny-Saint-Julien is a commune.

Ervillers
Ervillers is a commune.

Escalles
Escalles is a commune.

Escœuilles
Escœuilles is a commune.

Esquerdes
Esquerdes is a commune.

Essars
Essars is a commune.

Estevelles
Estevelles is a commune.

Estrée
Estrée is a commune.

Estréeche
Estréeche is a commune.

Estrée-Cauchy
Estrée-Cauchy is a commune.

Estrée-Wamin
Estrée-Wamin is a commune.

Estréelles
Estréelles is a commune.

Famechon, Pas-de-Calais
Famechon, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Fampoux
Fampoux is a commune.

Farbus
Farbus is a commune.

Fauquembergues
Fauquembergues is a commune.

Favreuil
Favreuil is a commune.

Febvin-Palfart
Febvin-Palfart is a commune.

Ferfay
Ferfay is a commune.

Ferques
Ferques is a commune.

Festubert
Festubert is a commune.

Feuchy
Feuchy is a commune.

Ficheux
Ficheux is a commune.

Fiefs, Pas-de-Calais
Fiefs, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Fiennes, Pas-de-Calais
Fiennes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Fillièvres
Fillièvres is a commune.

Flers, Pas-de-Calais
Flers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Fleurbaix
Fleurbaix is a commune.

Fleury, Pas-de-Calais
Fleury, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Floringhem
Floringhem is a commune.

Fléchin
Fléchin is a commune.

Foncquevillers
Foncquevillers is a commune.

Fontaine-l'Étalon
Fontaine-l'Étalon is a commune.

Fontaine-lèss
Fontaine-lèss is a commune.

Fontaine-lès-Croisilles
Fontaine-lès-Croisilles is a commune.

Fontaine-lèss
Fontaine-lèss is a commune.

Fortel-en-Artois
Fortel-en-Artois is a commune.

Fosseux
Fosseux is a commune.

Foufflin-Ricametz
Foufflin-Ricametz is a commune.

Fouquereuil
Fouquereuil is a commune.

Fouquières-lès-Béthune
Fouquières-lès-Béthune is a commune.

Fouquières-lès-Lens
Fouquières-lès-Lens is a commune.

Framecourt
Framecourt is a commune.

Frencq
Frencq is a commune.

Fresnes-lès
Fresnes-lès is a commune.

Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune.

Fresnoy
Fresnoy is a commune.

Fresnoy-en-Gohelle
Fresnoy-en-Gohelle is a commune.

Fressin
Fressin is a commune.

Fruges
Fruges is a commune.

Frémicourt
Frémicourt is a commune.

Fréthun
Fréthun is a commune.

Frévent
Frévent is a commune.

Frévillers
Frévillers is a commune.

Frévin-Capelle
Frévin-Capelle is a commune.

Galametz
Galametz is a commune.

Gauchin-Légal
Gauchin-Légal is a commune.

Gauchin-Verloingt
Gauchin-Verloingt is a commune.

Gaudiempré
Gaudiempré is a commune.

Gavrelle
Gavrelle is a commune.

Gennes-Ivergny
Gennes-Ivergny is a commune.

Givenchy-en-Gohelle
Givenchy-en-Gohelle is a commune.

Givenchy-le-Noble
Givenchy-le-Noble is a commune.

Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée
Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée is a commune.

Gomiécourt
Gomiécourt is a commune.

Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais
Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Gonnehem
Gonnehem is a commune.

Gosnay
Gosnay is a commune.

Gouves
Gouves is a commune.

Gouy-Saint-André
Gouy-Saint-André is a commune.

Gouy-Servins
Gouy-Servins is a commune.

Gouy-en-Artois
Gouy-en-Artois is a commune.

Gouy-en-Ternois
Gouy-en-Ternois is a commune.

Gouy-sous-Bellonne
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune.

Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt
Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt is a commune.

Grand-Rullecourt
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune.

Grenay, Pas-de-Calais
Grenay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Grigny, Pas-de-Calais
Grigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Grincourt-lès-Pas
Grincourt-lès-Pas is a commune.

Groffliers
Groffliers is a commune.

Grévillers
Grévillers is a commune.

Guarbecque
Guarbecque is a commune.

Guemps
Guemps is a commune.

Guigny
Guigny is a commune.

Guinecourt
Guinecourt is a commune.

Guisy
Guisy is a commune.

Guémappe
Guémappe is a commune.

Guînes
Guînes is a commune.

Habarcq
Habarcq is a commune.

Haillicourt
Haillicourt is a commune.

Haisnes
Haisnes is a commune.

Halinghen
Halinghen is a commune.

Hallines
Hallines is a commune.

Halloy, Pas-de-Calais
Halloy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Ham-en-Artois
Ham-en-Artois is a commune.

Hamblain-les-Prés
Hamblain-les-Prés is a commune.

Hamelincourt
Hamelincourt is a commune.

Hames-Boucres
Hames-Boucres is a commune.

Hannescamps
Hannescamps is a commune.

Haplincourt
Haplincourt is a commune.

Haravesnes
Haravesnes is a commune.

Hardinghen
Hardinghen is a commune.

Harnes
Harnes is a commune.

Haucourt, Pas-de-Calais
Haucourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Haut-Loquin
Haut-Loquin is a commune.

Haute-Avesnes
Haute-Avesnes is a commune.

Hautecloque, Pas-de-Calais
Hautecloque, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Hauteville, Pas-de-Calais
Hauteville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Havrincourt
Havrincourt is a commune.

Helfaut
Helfaut is a commune.

Hendecourt-lès-Cagnicourt
Hendecourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune.

Hendecourt-lès-Ransart
Hendecourt-lès-Ransart is a commune.

Henneveux
Henneveux is a commune.

Herbelles
Herbelles is a commune.

Herbinghen
Herbinghen is a commune.

Herlin-le-Sec
Herlin-le-Sec is a commune.

Herlincourt
Herlincourt is a commune.

Herly, Pas-de-Calais
Herly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Hermaville
Hermaville is a commune.

Hermelinghen
Hermelinghen is a commune.

Hermies
Hermies is a commune.

Hermin
Hermin is a commune.

Hernicourt
Hernicourt is a commune.

Hersin-Coupigny
Hersin-Coupigny is a commune.

Hervelinghen
Hervelinghen is a commune.

Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne
Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne is a commune.

Hesdigneul-lès-Béthune
Hesdigneul-lès-Béthune is a commune.

Hesdin
Hesdin is a commune.

Hesdin-l'Abbé
Hesdin-l'Abbé is a commune.

Hesmond
Hesmond is a commune.

Roundhay
Roundhay is an upmarket area Leeds, known for itse park, Roundhay Park.

Hestrus
Hestrus is a commune.

Heuchin
Heuchin is a commune.

Heuringhem
Heuringhem is a commune.

Hinges, Pas-de-Calais
Hinges, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Hocquinghen
Hocquinghen is a commune.

Houchin
Houchin is a commune.

Houdain
Houdain is a commune.

Houlle
Houlle is a commune.

Houvin-Houvigneul
Houvin-Houvigneul is a commune.

Hubersent
Hubersent is a commune.

Huby-Saint-Leu
Huby-Saint-Leu is a commune.

Huclier
Huclier is a commune.

Hucqueliers
Hucqueliers is a commune.

Hulluch
Hulluch is a commune.

Humbercamps
Humbercamps is a commune.

Humbert, Pas-de-Calais
Humbert, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Humerœuille
Humerœuille is a commune.

Humières
Humières is a commune.

Hébuterne
Hébuterne is a commune.

Hénin-Beaumont
Hénin-Beaumont is a commune.

Hénin-sur-Cojeul
Hénin-sur-Cojeul is a commune.

Héninel
Héninel is a commune.

Hénu
Hénu is a commune.

Héricourt, Pas-de-Calais
Héricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Hézecques
Hézecques is a commune.

Inchy-en-Artois
Inchy-en-Artois is a commune.

Incourt, Pas-de-Calais
Incourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Inghem
Inghem is a commune.

Inxent
Inxent is a commune.

Isbergues
Isbergues is a commune.

Isques
Isques is a commune.

Ivergny
Ivergny is a commune.

Izel-les-Hameaux
Izel-les-Hameaux is a commune.

Izel-lès-Équerchin
Izel-lès-Équerchin is a commune.

Journy
Journy is a commune.

La Calotterie
La Calotterie is a commune.

La Capelle-lès-Boulogne
La Capelle-lès-Boulogne is a commune.

La Cauchie
La Cauchie is a commune.

La Comté
La Comté is a commune.

La Couture, Pas-de-Calais
La Couture, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

La Herlière
La Herlière is a commune.

La Loge
La Loge is a commune.

La Madelaine-sous-Montreuil
La Madelaine-sous-Montreuil is a commune.

La Thieuloye
La Thieuloye is a commune.

Labeuvrière
Labeuvrière is a commune.

Labourse
Labourse is a commune.

Labroye
Labroye is a commune.

Lacres
Lacres is a commune.

Lagnicourt-Marcel
Lagnicourt-Marcel is a commune.

Laires
Laires is a commune.

Lambres
Lambres is a commune.

Landrethun-le-Nord
Landrethun-le-Nord is a commune.

Landrethun-lès-Ardres
Landrethun-lès-Ardres is a commune.

Lapugnoy
Lapugnoy is a commune.

Lattre-Saint-Quentin
Lattre-Saint-Quentin is a commune.

Laventie
Laventie is a commune.

Le Parcq
Le Parcq is a commune.

Le Ponchel
Le Ponchel is a commune.

Le Portel
Le Portel is a commune.

Le Quesnoy-en-Artois
Le Quesnoy-en-Artois is a commune.

Le Sars
Le Sars is a commune.

Le Souich
Le Souich is a commune.

Le Touquet-Paris-Plage
Le Touquet-Paris-Plage is a commune.

Lesloy
Lesloy is a commune.

Le Wast
Le Wast is a commune.

Lebiez
Lebiez is a commune.

Lebucquière
Lebucquière is a commune.

Ledinghem
Ledinghem is a commune.

Lefaux
Lefaux is a commune.

Leforest
Leforest is a commune.

Les Attaques
Les Attaques is a commune.

Lespesses
Lespesses is a commune.

Lespinoy
Lespinoy is a commune.

Lestrem
Lestrem is a commune.

Leubringhen
Leubringhen is a commune.

Leulinghem
Leulinghem is a commune.

Leulinghen-Bernes
Leulinghen-Bernes is a commune.

Libercourt
Libercourt is a commune.

Licques
Licques is a commune.

Liencourt
Liencourt is a commune.

Liettres
Liettres is a commune.

Lignereuil
Lignereuil is a commune.

Ligny-Saint-Flochel
Ligny-Saint-Flochel is a commune.

Ligny-Thilloy
Ligny-Thilloy is a commune.

Ligny-lès-Aire
Ligny-lès-Aire is a commune.

Ligny-sur-Canche
Ligny-sur-Canche is a commune.

Lillers
Lillers is a commune.

Linghem
Linghem is a commune.

Linzeux
Linzeux is a commune.

Lisbourg
Lisbourg is a commune.

Lières
Lières is a commune.

Liévin
Liévin is a commune.

Locon
Locon is a commune.

Loison-sous-Lens
Loison-sous-Lens is a commune.

Loison-sur-Créquoise
Loison-sur-Créquoise is a commune.

Longfossé
Longfossé is a commune.

Longuenesse
Longuenesse is a commune.

Longueville, Pas-de-Calais
Longueville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Longvilliers, Pas-de-Calais
Longvilliers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Loos-en-Gohelle
Loos-en-Gohelle is a commune.

Lorgies
Lorgies is a commune.

Lottinghen
Lottinghen is a commune.

Louches
Louches is a commune.

Lozinghem
Lozinghem is a commune.

Lugy
Lugy is a commune.

Lumbres
Lumbres is a commune.

Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais
Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Lépine
Lépine is a commune.

Magnicourt-en-Comte
Magnicourt-en-Comte is a commune.

Magnicourt-sur-Canche
Magnicourt-sur-Canche is a commune.

Maintenay
Maintenay is a commune.

Maisnil
Maisnil is a commune.

Maisnil-lès-Ruitz
Maisnil-lès-Ruitz is a commune.

Maisoncelle
Maisoncelle is a commune.

Maizières, Pas-de-Calais
Maizières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Mametz, Pas-de-Calais
Mametz, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Manin, Pas-de-Calais
Manin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Maninghem
Maninghem is a commune.

Maninghen-Henne
Maninghen-Henne is a commune.

Marant
Marant is a commune.

Marck, Pas-de-Calais
Marck, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Marconne
Marconne is a commune.

Marconnelle
Marconnelle is a commune.

Marenla
Marenla is a commune.

Maresquel-Ecquemicourt
Maresquel-Ecquemicourt is a commune.

Marest
Marest is a commune.

Maresville
Maresville is a commune.

Marles-les-Mines
Marles-les-Mines is a commune.

Marles-sur-Canche
Marles-sur-Canche is a commune.

Marquay, Pas-de-Calais
Marquay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Marquion
Marquion is a commune.

Marquise, Pas-de-Calais
Marquise, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Martinpuich
Martinpuich is a commune.

Marœuil
Marœuil is a commune.

Matringhem
Matringhem is a commune.

Mazingarbe
Mazingarbe is a commune.

Mazinghem
Mazinghem is a commune.

Mencas
Mencas is a commune.

Menneville, Pas-de-Calais
Menneville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Mentque-Nortbécourt
Mentque-Nortbécourt is a commune.

Mercatel
Mercatel is a commune.

Merck-Saint-Liévin
Merck-Saint-Liévin is a commune.

Merlimont
Merlimont is a commune.

Metz-en-Couture
Metz-en-Couture is a commune.

Meurchin
Meurchin is a commune.

Mingoval
Mingoval is a commune.

Roundhay Park
Roundhay Park is ae park in upmarket suburb Roundhay in North Leeds.

Moncheaux-lès-Frévent
Moncheaux-lès-Frévent is a commune.

Monchel-sur-Canche
Monchel-sur-Canche is a commune.

Monchiet
Monchiet is a commune.

Monchy-Breton
Monchy-Breton is a commune.

Monchy-Cayeux
Monchy-Cayeux is a commune.

Monchy-au-Bois
Monchy-au-Bois is a commune.

Monchy-le-Preux
Monchy-le-Preux is a commune.

Mondicourt
Mondicourt is a commune.

Montchon
Montchon is a commune.

Mont-Saint-Éloi
Mont-Saint-Éloi is a commune.

Montcavrel
Montcavrel is a commune.

Montenescourt
Montenescourt is a commune.

Montigny-en-Gohelle
Montigny-en-Gohelle is a commune.

Montreuil, Pas-de-Calais
Montreuil, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Monts-en-Ternois
Monts-en-Ternois is a commune.

Morchies
Morchies is a commune.

Moringhem
Moringhem is a commune.

Morval
Morval is a commune.

Mory, Pas-de-Calais
Mory, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Moulle
Moulle is a commune.

Mouriez
Mouriez is a commune.

Moyenneville, Pas-de-Calais
Moyenneville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Muncq-Nieurlet
Muncq-Nieurlet is a commune.

Méricourt, Pas-de-Calais
Méricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Nabringhen
Nabringhen is a commune.

Nempont-Saint-Firmin
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune.

Nesles
Nesles is a commune.

Neufchâtel-Hardelot
Neufchâtel-Hardelot is a commune.

Neulette
Neulette is a commune.

Neuve-Chapelle
Neuve-Chapelle is a commune.

Neuville-Bourjonval
Neuville-Bourjonval is a commune.

Neuville-Saint-Vaast
Neuville-Saint-Vaast is a commune.

Neuville-Vitasse
Neuville-Vitasse is a commune.

Neuville-au-Cornet
Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune.

Neuville-sous-Montreuil
Neuville-sous-Montreuil is a commune.

Neuvireuil
Neuvireuil is a commune.

Nielles-lès-Ardres
Nielles-lès-Ardres is a commune.

Nielles-lès-Bléquin
Nielles-lès-Bléquin is a commune.

Nielles-lès-Calais
Nielles-lès-Calais is a commune.

Nordausques
Nordausques is a commune.

Noreuil
Noreuil is a commune.

Norrent-Fontes
Norrent-Fontes is a commune.

Nort-Leulinghem
Nort-Leulinghem is a commune.

Nortkerque
Nortkerque is a commune.

Nouvelle-Église
Nouvelle-Église is a commune.

Noyelle-Vion
Noyelle-Vion is a commune.

Noyelles-Godault
Noyelles-Godault is a commune.

Noyelles-lès-Humières
Noyelles-lès-Humières is a commune.

Noyelles-lès-Vermelles
Noyelles-lès-Vermelles is a commune.

Noyelles-sous-Bellonne
Noyelles-sous-Bellonne is a commune.

Noyelles-sous-Lens
Noyelles-sous-Lens is a commune.

Noyellette
Noyellette is a commune.

Nuncq-Hautecôte
Nuncq-Hautecôte is a commune.

Nédon
Nédon is a commune.

Nédonchel
Nédonchel is a commune.

Nœux-les-Mines
Nœux-les-Mines is a commune.

Nœux-lès-Auxi
Nœux-lès-Auxi is a commune.

Oblinghem
Oblinghem is a commune.

Offekerque
Offekerque is a commune.

Offin
Offin is a commune.

Offrethun
Offrethun is a commune.

Oignies
Oignies is a commune.

Oisy-le-Verger
Oisy-le-Verger is a commune.

Oppy, Pas-de-Calais
Oppy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Orville, Pas-de-Calais
Orville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Ostreville
Ostreville is a commune.

Ourton
Ourton is a commune.

Outreau
Outreau is a commune.

Ouve-Wirquin
Ouve-Wirquin is a commune.

Oye-Plage
Oye-Plage is a commune.

Palluel
Palluel is a commune.

Parenty
Parenty is a commune.

Pas-en-Artois
Pas-en-Artois is a commune.

Pelves
Pelves is a commune.

Penin
Penin is a commune.

Pernes, Pas-de-Calais
Pernes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Pernes-lès-Boulogne
Pernes-lès-Boulogne is a commune.

Peuplingues
Peuplingues is a commune.

Pierremont
Pierremont is a commune.

Pihem
Pihem is a commune.

Pihen-lès-Guînes
Pihen-lès-Guînes is a commune.

Pittefaux
Pittefaux is a commune.

Planques
Planques is a commune.

Plouvain
Plouvain is a commune.

Polincove
Polincove is a commune.

Pommera
Pommera is a commune.

Pommier
Pommier is a commune.

Pont-à-Vendin
Pont-à-Vendin is a commune.

Pressy
Pressy is a commune.

Preures
Preures is a commune.

Pronville
Pronville is a commune.

Prédefin
Prédefin is a commune.

Puisieux, Pas-de-Calais
Puisieux, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Quelmes
Quelmes is a commune.

Quercamps
Quercamps is a commune.

Quernes
Quernes is a commune.

Quesques
Quesques is a commune.

Questrecques
Questrecques is a commune.

Quiestède
Quiestède is a commune.

Quilen
Quilen is a commune.

Quiéry-la-Motte
Quiéry-la-Motte is a commune.

Quéant
Quéant is a commune.

Quœux-Haut-Maînil
Quœux-Haut-Maînil is a commune.

Racquinghem
Racquinghem is a commune.

Radinghem
Radinghem is a commune.

Ramecourt, Pas-de-Calais
Ramecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Rang-du-Fliers
Rang-du-Fliers is a commune.

Ransart
Ransart is a commune.

Raye-sur-Authie
Raye-sur-Authie is a commune.

Rebecques
Rebecques is a commune.

Rebergues
Rebergues is a commune.

Rebreuve-Ranchicourt
Rebreuve-Ranchicourt is a commune.

Rebreuve-sur-Canche
Rebreuve-sur-Canche is a commune.

Rebreuviette
Rebreuviette is a commune.

Reclinghem
Reclinghem is a commune.

Recques-sur-Course
Recques-sur-Course is a commune.

Recques-sur-Hem
Recques-sur-Hem is a commune.

Regnauville
Regnauville is a commune.

Rely, Pas-de-Calais
Rely, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Remilly-Wirquin
Remilly-Wirquin is a commune.

Renty
Renty is a commune.

Rety
Rety is a commune.

Richebourg, Pas-de-Calais
Richebourg, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Riencourt-lès-Bapaume
Riencourt-lès-Bapaume is a commune.

Riencourt-lès-Cagnicourt
Riencourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune.

Rimboval
Rimboval is a commune.

Rinxent
Rinxent is a commune.

Rivière, Pas-de-Calais
Rivière, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Robecq
Robecq is a commune.

Roclincourt
Roclincourt is a commune.

Rocquigny, Pas-de-Calais
Rocquigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Rodelinghem
Rodelinghem is a commune.

Rollancourt
Rollancourt is a commune.

Rombly
Rombly is a commune.

Roquetoire
Roquetoire is a commune.

Rougefay
Rougefay is a commune.

Roussent
Roussent is a commune.

Rouvroy, Pas-de-Calais
Rouvroy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Royon
Royon is a commune.

Roëllecourt
Roëllecourt is a commune.

Ruisseauville
Ruisseauville is a commune.

Ruitz
Ruitz is a commune.

Rumaucourt
Rumaucourt is a commune.

Rumilly, Pas-de-Calais
Rumilly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Ruminghem
Ruminghem is a commune.

Ruyaulcourt
Ruyaulcourt is a commune.

Récourt
Récourt is a commune.

Rémy
Rémy is a commune.

Rœux
Rœux is a commune.

Sachin, Pas-de-Calais
Sachin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Sailly-Labourse
Sailly-Labourse is a commune.

Sailly-au-Bois
Sailly-au-Bois is a commune.

Sailly-en-Ostrevent
Sailly-en-Ostrevent is a commune.

Sailly-sur-la-Lys
Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune.

Sains-en-Gohelle
Sains-en-Gohelle is a commune.

Sains-lès-Fressin
Sains-lès-Fressin is a commune.

Sains-lès-Marquion
Sains-lès-Marquion is a commune.

Sains-lès-Pernes
Sains-lès-Pernes is a commune.

Saintd, Pas-de-Calais
Saintd, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Aubin, Pas-de-Calais
Saint-Aubin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Denœux
Saint-Denœux is a commune.

Saint-Floris
Saint-Floris is a commune.

Saint-Folquin
Saint-Folquin is a commune.

Saint-Georges, Pas-de-Calais
Saint-Georges, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-Cottes
Saint-Hilaire-Cottes is a commune.

Saint-Inglevert
Saint-Inglevert is a commune.

Saint-Josse
Saint-Josse is a commune.

Saint-Laurentgy
Saint-Laurentgy is a commune.

Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais
Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Léonard, Pas-de-Calais
Saint-Léonard, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Boulogne
Saint-Martin-Boulogne is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Choquel
Saint-Martin-Choquel is a commune.

Saint-Martin-au-Laërt
Saint-Martin-au-Laërt is a commune.

Saint-Martin-d'Hardinghem
Saint-Martin-d'Hardinghem is a commune.

Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul
Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul is a commune.

Saint-Michel-sous-Bois
Saint-Michel-sous-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise
Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise is a commune.

Saint-Nicolas, Pas-de-Calais
Saint-Nicolas, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Saint-Omer
Saint-Omer is a commune.

Saint-Omer-Capelle
Saint-Omer-Capelle is a commune.

Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise
Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise is a commune.

Saint-Rémy-au-Bois
Saint-Rémy-au-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Tricat
Saint-Tricat is a commune.

Saintt
Saintt is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-au-Mont
Saint-Étienne-au-Mont is a commune.

Sainte-Austreberthe, Pas-de-Calais
Sainte-Austreberthe, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras
Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras is a commune.

Sainte-Marie-Kerque
Sainte-Marie-Kerque is a commune.

Sallaumines
Sallaumines is a commune.

Salperwick
Salperwick is a commune.

Samer
Samer is a commune.

Sangatte
Sangatte is a commune.

Sanghen
Sanghen is a commune.

Sapignies
Sapignies is a commune.

Sars-le-Bois
Sars-le-Bois is a commune.

Sarton, Pas-de-Calais
Sarton, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Sauchy-Cauchy
Sauchy-Cauchy is a commune.

Sauchy-Lestrée
Sauchy-Lestrée is a commune.

Saudemont
Saudemont is a commune.

Saulchoy
Saulchoy is a commune.

Saulty
Saulty is a commune.

Savy-Berlette
Savy-Berlette is a commune.

Selles, Pas-de-Calais
Selles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Sempy
Sempy is a commune.

Seninghem
Seninghem is a commune.

Senlecques
Senlecques is a commune.

Senlis, Pas-de-Calais
Senlis, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Serques
Serques is a commune.

Servins
Servins is a commune.

Setques
Setques is a commune.

Sibiville
Sibiville is a commune.

Simencourt
Simencourt is a commune.

Siracourt
Siracourt is a commune.

Sombrin
Sombrin is a commune.

Sorrus
Sorrus is a commune.

Souastre
Souastre is a commune.

Souchez
Souchez is a commune.

Surques
Surques is a commune.

Sus-Saint-Léger
Sus-Saint-Léger is a commune.

Séricourt
Séricourt is a commune.

Tangry
Tangry is a commune.

Tardinghen
Tardinghen is a commune.

Tatinghem
Tatinghem is a commune.

Teneur
Teneur is a commune.

Ternas
Ternas is a commune.

Thiembronne
Thiembronne is a commune.

Thièvres, Pas-de-Calais
Thièvres, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Thélus
Thélus is a commune.

Thérouanne
Thérouanne is a commune.

Tigny-Noyelle
Tigny-Noyelle is a commune.

Tilloy-lès-Hermaville
Tilloy-lès-Hermaville is a commune.

Tilloy-lès-Mofflaines
Tilloy-lès-Mofflaines is a commune.

Tilly-Capelle
Tilly-Capelle is a commune.

Tilques
Tilques is a commune.

Tincques
Tincques is a commune.

Tingry
Tingry is a commune.

Tollent
Tollent is a commune.

Torcy, Pas-de-Calais
Torcy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Tortefontaine
Tortefontaine is a commune.

Tortequesne
Tortequesne is a commune.

Tournehem-sur-la-Hem
Tournehem-sur-la-Hem is a commune.

Tramecourt
Tramecourt is a commune.

Trescault
Trescault is a commune.

Troisvaux
Troisvaux is a commune.

Tubersent
Tubersent is a commune.

Vacquerie-le-Boucq
Vacquerie-le-Boucq is a commune.

Vacqueriette-Erquières
Vacqueriette-Erquières is a commune.

Valhuon
Valhuon is a commune.

Vaudricourt, Pas-de-Calais
Vaudricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Vaudringhem
Vaudringhem is a commune.

Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais
Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Vaulx-Vraucourt
Vaulx-Vraucourt is a commune.

Vendin-le-Vieil
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune.

Vendin-lès-Béthune
Vendin-lès-Béthune is a commune.

Verchin
Verchin is a commune.

Verchocq
Verchocq is a commune.

Verlincthun
Verlincthun is a commune.

Vermelles
Vermelles is a commune.

Verquin
Verquin is a commune.

Verton
Verton is a commune.

Vieil-Hesdin
Vieil-Hesdin is a commune.

Vieil-Moutier
Vieil-Moutier is a commune.

Vieille-Chapelle
Vieille-Chapelle is a commune.

Vieille-Église
Vieille-Église is a commune.

Villers-Brûlin
Villers-Brûlin is a commune.

Villers-Châtel
Villers-Châtel is a commune.

Villers-Sir-Simon
Villers-Sir-Simon is a commune.

Villers-au-Bois
Villers-au-Bois is a commune.

Villers-au-Flos
Villers-au-Flos is a commune.

Villers-l'Hôpital
Villers-l'Hôpital is a commune.

Villers-lès-Cagnicourt
Villers-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune.

Vimy
Vimy is a commune.

Vincly
Vincly is a commune.

Violaines
Violaines is a commune.

Vis-en-Artois
Vis-en-Artois is a commune.

Vitry-en-Artois
Vitry-en-Artois is a commune.

Vélu
Vélu is a commune.

Waben
Waben is a commune.

Wacquinghen
Wacquinghen is a commune.

Wail
Wail is a commune.

Wailly
Wailly is a commune.

Wailly-Beaucamp
Wailly-Beaucamp is a commune.

Wambercourt
Wambercourt is a commune.

Wamin
Wamin is a commune.

Wancourt
Wancourt is a commune.

Wanquetin
Wanquetin is a commune.

Wardrecques
Wardrecques is a commune.

Warlencourt-Eaucourt
Warlencourt-Eaucourt is a commune.

Warlincourt-lès-Pas
Warlincourt-lès-Pas is a commune.

Warlus, Pas-de-Calais
Warlus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Warluzel
Warluzel is a commune.

Wavrans-sur-Ternoise
Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune.

Wavrans-sur-l'Aa
Wavrans-sur-l'Aa is a commune.

Westrehem
Westrehem is a commune.

Wicquinghem
Wicquinghem is a commune.

Widehem
Widehem is a commune.

Wierre-Effroy
Wierre-Effroy is a commune.

Wierre-au-Bois
Wierre-au-Bois is a commune.

Willeman
Willeman is a commune.

Willencourt
Willencourt is a commune.

Willerval
Willerval is a commune.

Wimereux
Wimereux is a commune.

Wimille
Wimille is a commune.

Wingles
Wingles is a commune.

Wirwignes
Wirwignes is a commune.

Wismes
Wismes is a commune.

Wisques
Wisques is a commune.

Wissant
Wissant is a commune.

Witternesse
Witternesse is a commune.

Wittes
Wittes is a commune.

Wizernes
Wizernes is a commune.

Ytres
Ytres is a commune.

Zoteux
Zoteux is a commune.

Zouafques
Zouafques is a commune.

Zudausques
Zudausques is a commune.

Zutkerque
Zutkerque is a commune.

Éclimeux
Éclimeux is a commune.

Écoivres
Écoivres is a commune.

Écourt-Saint-Quentin
Écourt-Saint-Quentin is a commune.

Écoust-Saint-Mein
Écoust-Saint-Mein is a commune.

Écuires
Écuires is a commune.

Écurie
Écurie is a commune.

Éleu-dit-Leauwette
Éleu-dit-Leauwette is a commune.

Éperlecques
Éperlecques is a commune.

Épinoy
Épinoy is a commune.

Équihen-Plage
Équihen-Plage is a commune.

Équirre
Équirre is a commune.

Érin
Érin is a commune.

Étaing
Étaing is a commune.

Étaples
Étaples is a commune.

Éterpigny, Pas-de-Calais
Éterpigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Étrun
Étrun is a commune.

Évin-Malmaison
Évin-Malmaison is a commune.

Œuf-en-Ternois
Œuf-en-Ternois is a commune.

Ada, Oklahoma
Ada is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Aline, Oklahoma
Aline, Oklahoma is a town Oklahoma in United States.

Altus, Oklahoma
Altus is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Alva, Oklahoma
Alva is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Antlers, Oklahoma
Antlers is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Ardmore, Oklahoma
Ardmore, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Asher, Oklahoma
Asher, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Atoka, Oklahoma
Atoka, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Barnsdall, Oklahoma
Barnsdall, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Bartlesville, Oklahoma
Bartlesville, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Beaver, Oklahoma
Beaver, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Beggs, Oklahoma
Beggs, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Bethany, Oklahoma
Bethany, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Blackwell, Oklahoma
Blackwell, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Blanchard, Oklahoma
Blanchard, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Boise City, Oklahoma
Boise City, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Bowlegs, Oklahoma
Bowlegs, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Bridgeport, Oklahoma
Bridgeport, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Bristow, Oklahoma
Bristow, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Broken Bow, Oklahoma
Broken Bow, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Bunch, Oklahoma
Bunch, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Cache, Oklahoma
Cache, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Catoosa, Oklahoma
Catoosa, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Cedar Valley, Oklahoma
Cedar Valley, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Centrahoma, Oklahoma
Centrahoma, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Chandler, Oklahoma
Chandler, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Checotah, Oklahoma
Checotah, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Chelsea, Oklahoma
Chelsea, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Cherokee, Oklahoma
Cherokee, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Chickasha, Oklahoma
Chickasha, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Endangered language
Angered language is a language with very few native speakers, that is in danger becoming extinct.

Claremore, Oklahoma
Claremore, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Cleveland, Oklahoma
Cleveland, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Clinton, Oklahoma
Clinton, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Coalgate, Oklahoma
Coalgate, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Collinsville, Oklahoma
Collinsville, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Comanche, Oklahoma
Comanche, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Commerce, Oklahoma
Commerce, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Crescent, Oklahoma
Crescent, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Cromwell, Oklahoma
Cromwell, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Cushing, Oklahoma
Cushing, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Davis, Oklahoma
Davis, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Del City, Oklahoma
Del City, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Dewey, Oklahoma
Dewey, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Drumright, Oklahoma
Drumright, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Duncan, Oklahoma
Duncan, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Durant, Oklahoma
Durant, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

El Reno, Oklahoma
El Reno, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Elgin, Oklahoma
Elgin, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Elk City, Oklahoma
Elk City, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Erick, Oklahoma
Erick, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Eufaula, Oklahoma
Eufaula, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Fairview, Oklahoma
Fairview, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Frederick, Oklahoma
Frederick, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Garber, Oklahoma
Garber, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Geary, Oklahoma
Geary, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Glenpool, Oklahoma
Glenpool, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Gould, Oklahoma
Gould, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Grandfield, Oklahoma
Grandfield, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Grove, Oklahoma
Grove, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Guthrie, Oklahoma
Guthrie, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Guymon, Oklahoma
Guymon, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Haileyville, Oklahoma
Haileyville, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Harrah, Oklahoma
Harrah, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Hartshorne, Oklahoma
Hartshorne, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Healdton, Oklahoma
Healdton, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Heavener, Oklahoma
Heavener, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Henryetta, Oklahoma
Henryetta, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Hobart, Oklahoma
Hobart, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Holdenville, Oklahoma
Holdenville, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Hollis, Oklahoma
Hollis, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Hominy, Oklahoma
Hominy, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Hooker, Oklahoma
Hooker, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Hugo, Oklahoma
Hugo, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Inola, Oklahoma
Inola, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Jay, Oklahoma
Jay, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Kaw City, Oklahoma
Kaw City, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Kingfisher, Oklahoma
Kingfisher, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Konawa, Oklahoma
Konawa, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Krebs, Oklahoma
Krebs, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Langston, Oklahoma
Langston, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Lehigh, Oklahoma
Lehigh, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Lexington, Oklahoma
Lexington, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Lindsay, Oklahoma
Lindsay, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Lone Grove, Oklahoma
Lone Grove, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Madill, Oklahoma
Madill, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Mangum, Oklahoma
Mangum, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Marietta, Oklahoma
Marietta, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Marlow, Oklahoma
Marlow, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Maud, Oklahoma
Maud, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

McAlester, Oklahoma
McAlester, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Medford, Oklahoma
Medford, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Meeker, Oklahoma
Meeker, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Miami, Oklahoma
Miami, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Minco, Oklahoma
Minco, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Morris, Oklahoma
Morris, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Muskogee, Oklahoma
Muskogee is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Mustang, Oklahoma
Mustang, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

New Cordell, Oklahoma
New Cordell, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Newcastle, Oklahoma
Newcastle, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Newkirk, Oklahoma
Newkirk, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Nichols Hills, Oklahoma
Nichols Hills, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Nicoma Park, Oklahoma
Nicoma Park, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Noble, Oklahoma
Noble, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Nowata, Oklahoma
Nowata, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Oakhurst, Oklahoma
Oakhurst, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Oilton, Oklahoma
Oilton, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Okmulgee, Oklahoma
Okmulgee, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Pauls Valley, Oklahoma
Pauls Valley, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Pawhuska, Oklahoma
Pawhuska, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Pawnee, Oklahoma
Pawnee, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Perkins, Oklahoma
Perkins, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Perry, Oklahoma
Perry, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Picher, Oklahoma
Picher, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Piedmont, Oklahoma
Piedmont, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Ponca City, Oklahoma
Ponca City, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Pond Creek, Oklahoma
Pond Creek, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Poteau, Oklahoma
Poteau, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Prague, Oklahoma
Prague, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Pryor Creek, Oklahoma
Pryor Creek, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Purcell, Oklahoma
Purcell, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Red Oak, Oklahoma
Red Oak, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Ringwood, Oklahoma
Ringwood, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Ripley, Oklahoma
Ripley, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Sallisaw, Oklahoma
Sallisaw, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Sand Springs, Oklahoma
Sand Springs, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Sapulpa, Oklahoma
Sapulpa, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Sasakwa, Oklahoma
Sasakwa, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Sayre, Oklahoma
Sayre, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Seiling, Oklahoma
Seiling, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Seminole, Oklahoma
Seminole, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Shawnee, Oklahoma
Shawnee, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Shidler, Oklahoma
Shidler, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Snyder, Oklahoma
Snyder, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Spencer, Oklahoma
Spencer, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Stigler, Oklahoma
Stigler, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Stilwell, Oklahoma
Stilwell, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Stroud, Oklahoma
Stroud, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Sulphur, Oklahoma
Sulphur, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Tecumseh, Oklahoma
Tecumseh, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

The Village, Oklahoma
The Village, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Thomas, Oklahoma
Thomas, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Tishomingo, Oklahoma
Tishomingo, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Tonkawa, Oklahoma
Tonkawa, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Tupelo, Oklahoma
Tupelo, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Tuttle, Oklahoma
Tuttle, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Vinita, Oklahoma
Vinita, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Walters, Oklahoma
Walters, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Wapanucka, Oklahoma
Wapanucka, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Warr Acres, Oklahoma
Warr Acres, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Watonga, Oklahoma
Watonga, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Waurika, Oklahoma
Waurika, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Waynoka, Oklahoma
Waynoka, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Weatherford, Oklahoma
Weatherford, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Wetumka, Oklahoma
Wetumka, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Wewoka, Oklahoma
Wewoka, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Wilburton, Oklahoma
Wilburton, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Wilson, Oklahoma
Wilson, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Woodward, Oklahoma
Woodward, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Wynnewood, Oklahoma
Wynnewood, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Yale, Oklahoma
Yale, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Yukon, Oklahoma
Yukon, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Zeb, Oklahoma
Zeb, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Zena, Oklahoma
Zena, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Arcadia, Oklahoma
Arcadia, Oklahoma is a city Oklahoma in United States.

Adairville, Kentucky
Adairville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Albany, Kentucky
Albany, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Alexandria, Kentucky
Alexandria, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Allen, Kentucky
Allen, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Anchorage, Kentucky
Anchorage, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Arlington, Kentucky
Arlington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ashland, Kentucky
Ashland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Auburn, Kentucky
Auburn, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Audubon Park, Kentucky
Audubon Park, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Augusta, Kentucky
Augusta, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bagdad, Kentucky
Bagdad, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bancroft, Kentucky
Bancroft, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Barbourmeade, Kentucky
Barbourmeade, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Barbourville, Kentucky
Barbourville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bardstown, Kentucky
Bardstown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bardwell, Kentucky
Bardwell, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Barlow, Kentucky
Barlow, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Beattyville, Kentucky
Beattyville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Beaver Dam, Kentucky
Beaver Dam, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bedford, Kentucky
Bedford, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Beechwood Village, Kentucky
Beechwood Village, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bellefonte, Kentucky
Bellefonte, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bellemeade, Kentucky
Bellemeade, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bellevue, Kentucky
Bellevue, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bellewood, Kentucky
Bellewood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Benham, Kentucky
Benham, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Benton, Kentucky
Benton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Berea, Kentucky
Berea, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Berry, Kentucky
Berry, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Blackey, Kentucky
Blackey, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Blaine, Kentucky
Blaine, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bloomfield, Kentucky
Bloomfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Blue Ridge Manor, Kentucky
Blue Ridge Manor, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bonnieville, Kentucky
Bonnieville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Booneville, Kentucky
Booneville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bowling Green, Kentucky
Bowling Green, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bradfordsville, Kentucky
Bradfordsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Brandenburg, Kentucky
Brandenburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bremen, Kentucky
Bremen, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Briarwood, Kentucky
Briarwood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Brodhead, Kentucky
Brodhead, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Broeck Pointe, Kentucky
Broeck Pointe, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Bromley, Kentucky
Bromley, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Brooksville, Kentucky
Brooksville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Brownsboro Farm, Kentucky
Brownsboro Farm, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Brownsboro Village, Kentucky
Brownsboro Village, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Brownsville, Kentucky
Brownsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Buckhorn, Kentucky
Buckhorn, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Burgin, Kentucky
Burgin, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Burkesville, Kentucky
Burkesville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Burnside, Kentucky
Burnside, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Butler, Kentucky
Butler, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cadiz, Kentucky
Cadiz, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Calhoun, Kentucky
Calhoun, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

California, Kentucky
California, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Calvert City, Kentucky
Calvert City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Camargo, Kentucky
Camargo, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cambridge, Kentucky
Cambridge, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Campbellsburg, Kentucky
Campbellsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Campbellsville, Kentucky
Campbellsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Campton, Kentucky
Campton is a city Kentucky in United States.

Caneyville, Kentucky
Caneyville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Carlisle, Kentucky
Carlisle, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Carrollton, Kentucky
Carrollton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Carrsville, Kentucky
Carrsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Catlettsburg, Kentucky
Catlettsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cave City, Kentucky
Cave City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cecilia, Kentucky
Cecilia, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Centertown, Kentucky
Centertown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Central City, Kentucky
Central City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Clarkson, Kentucky
Clarkson, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Clay, Kentucky
Clay, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Clay City, Kentucky
Clay City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Clinton, Kentucky
Clinton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cloverport, Kentucky
Cloverport, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Coal Run Village, Kentucky
Coal Run Village, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cold Spring, Kentucky
Cold Spring, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Coldstream, Kentucky
Coldstream, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Columbia, Kentucky
Columbia, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Columbus, Kentucky
Columbus, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Concord, Kentucky
Concord, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Corbin, Kentucky
Corbin, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Corinth, Kentucky
Corinth, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Corydon, Kentucky
Corydon, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Covington, Kentucky
Covington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crab Orchard, Kentucky
Crab Orchard, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Creekside, Kentucky
Creekside, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crescent Springs, Kentucky
Crescent Springs, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crestview, Kentucky
Crestview, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crestview Hills, Kentucky
Crestview Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crestwood, Kentucky
Crestwood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crittenden, Kentucky
Crittenden, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crofton, Kentucky
Crofton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Crossgate, Kentucky
Crossgate, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cumberland, Kentucky
Cumberland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Cynthiana, Kentucky
Cynthiana, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Danville, Kentucky
Danville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Dawson Springs, Kentucky
Dawson Springs, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Dayton, Kentucky
Dayton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Dingus, Kentucky
Dingus, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Dixon, Kentucky
Dixon, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Douglass Hills, Kentucky
Douglass Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Dover, Kentucky
Dover, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Drakesboro, Kentucky
Drakesboro, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Druid Hills, Kentucky
Druid Hills is a city Kentucky in United States.

Dry Ridge, Kentucky
Dry Ridge, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Earlington, Kentucky
Earlington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Eddyville, Kentucky
Eddyville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Edgewood, Kentucky
Edgewood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Edmonton, Kentucky
Edmonton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ekron, Kentucky
Ekron, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Elizabethtown, Kentucky
Elizabethtown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Elkhorn City, Kentucky
Elkhorn City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Elkton, Kentucky
Elkton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Elsmere, Kentucky
Elsmere, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Elwood, Kentucky
Elwood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Eminence, Kentucky
Eminence, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Erlanger, Kentucky
Erlanger, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Eubank, Kentucky
Eubank, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Evarts, Kentucky
Evarts, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ewing, Kentucky
Ewing, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fairfield, Kentucky
Fairfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fairview, Kenton County, Kentucky
Fairview, Kenton County, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Falmouth, Kentucky
Falmouth, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ferguson, Kentucky
Ferguson, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fincastle, Kentucky
Fincastle, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Flatwoods, Kentucky
Flatwoods, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fleming-Neon, Kentucky
Fleming-Neon, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Flemingsburg, Kentucky
Flemingsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Florence, Kentucky
Florence, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fordsville, Kentucky
Fordsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Forest Hills, Kentucky
Forest Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fort Mitchell, Kentucky
Fort Mitchell, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fort Thomas, Kentucky
Fort Thomas, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fort Wright, Kentucky
Fort Wright, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fountain Run, Kentucky
Fountain Run, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fox Chase, Kentucky
Fox Chase, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Franklin, Kentucky
Franklin, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fredonia, Kentucky
Fredonia, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Frenchburg, Kentucky
Frenchburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Fulton, Kentucky
Fulton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Gamaliel, Kentucky
Gamaliel, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Germantown, Kentucky
Germantown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ghent, Kentucky
Ghent, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Glasgow, Kentucky
Glasgow, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Glencoe, Kentucky
Glencoe, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Glenview, Kentucky
Glenview, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Glenview Hills, Kentucky
Glenview Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Glenview Manor, Kentucky
Glenview Manor, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Goose Creek, Kentucky
Goose Creek, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Goshen, Kentucky
Goshen, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Grand Rivers, Kentucky
Grand Rivers, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Gratz, Kentucky
Gratz, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Graymoor-Devondale, Kentucky
Graymoor-Devondale, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Grayson, Kentucky
Grayson, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Green Spring, Kentucky
Green Spring, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Greensburg, Kentucky
Greensburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Greenup, Kentucky
Greenup, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Greenville, Kentucky
Greenville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Guthrie, Kentucky
Guthrie, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hanson, Kentucky
Hanson, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hardin, Kentucky
Hardin, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hardinsburg, Kentucky
Hardinsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Harlan, Kentucky
Harlan, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Harrodsburg, Kentucky
Harrodsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hartford, Kentucky
Hartford, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hawesville, Kentucky
Hawesville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hazard, Kentucky
Hazard, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hazel, Kentucky
Hazel, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hell's Neck, Kentucky
Hell's Neck, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Henderson, Kentucky
Henderson, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hickman, Kentucky
Hickman, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hickory Hill, Kentucky
Hickory Hill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Highland Heights, Kentucky
Highland Heights, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hills Dales, Kentucky
Hills Dales, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hillview, Kentucky
Hillview, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hindman, Kentucky
Hindman, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hiseville, Kentucky
Hiseville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hollow Creek, Kentucky
Hollow Creek, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hollyvilla, Kentucky
Hollyvilla, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hopkinsville, Kentucky
Hopkinsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Horse Cave, Kentucky
Horse Cave, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Houston Acres, Kentucky
Houston Acres, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hunters Hollow, Kentucky
Hunters Hollow, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hurstbourne, Kentucky
Hurstbourne, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hurstbourne Acres, Kentucky
Hurstbourne Acres, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hustonville, Kentucky
Hustonville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Hyden, Kentucky
Hyden, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Independence, Kentucky
Independence, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Indian Hills, Kentucky
Indian Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Inez, Kentucky
Inez, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Irvine, Kentucky
Irvine, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Irvington, Kentucky
Irvington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Island, Kentucky
Island, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Jackson, Kentucky
Jackson, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Jamestown, Kentucky
Jamestown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Jeffersontown, Kentucky
Jeffersontown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Jeffersonville, Kentucky
Jeffersonville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Jenkins, Kentucky
Jenkins, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Junction City, Kentucky
Junction City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Kenton Vale, Kentucky
Kenton Vale, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Kevil, Kentucky
Kevil, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Kingsley, Kentucky
Kingsley, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Kuttawa, Kentucky
Kuttawa, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

LaFayette, Kentucky
LaFayette, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

La Center, Kentucky
La Center, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lage, Kentucky
Lage, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lakeside Park, Kentucky
Lakeside Park, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lakeview Heights, Kentucky
Lakeview Heights, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lancaster, Kentucky
Lancaster, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Langdon Place, Kentucky
Langdon Place, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Latonia Lakes, Kentucky
Latonia Lakes, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lawrenceburg, Kentucky
Lawrenceburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lebanon, Kentucky
Lebanon, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lebanon Junction, Kentucky
Lebanon Junction, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Leitchfield, Kentucky
Leitchfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lewisburg, Kentucky
Lewisburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lewisport, Kentucky
Lewisport, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lexington Greene, Kentucky
Lexington Greene, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Liberty, Kentucky
Liberty, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lincolnshire, Kentucky
Lincolnshire, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Livermore, Kentucky
Livermore, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Livingston, Kentucky
Livingston, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

London, Kentucky
London, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lone Oak, Kentucky
Lone Oak, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Loretto, Kentucky
Loretto, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Louisa, Kentucky
Louisa, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Loyall, Kentucky
Loyall, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ludlow, Kentucky
Ludlow, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lynch, Kentucky
Lynch, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lyndon, Kentucky
Lyndon, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Lynnview, Kentucky
Lynnview, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mackville, Kentucky
Mackville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Madisonville, Kentucky
Madisonville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Manchester, Kentucky
Manchester, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Manor Creek, Kentucky
Manor Creek, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Marion, Kentucky
Marion, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Martin, Kentucky
Martin, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Maryhill Estates, Kentucky
Maryhill Estates, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mayfield, Kentucky
Mayfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Maysville, Kentucky
Maysville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

McHenry, Kentucky
McHenry, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

McKee, Kentucky
McKee, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Meadow Vale, Kentucky
Meadow Vale, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Meadowbrook Farm, Kentucky
Meadowbrook Farm, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Meadowview Estates, Kentucky
Meadowview Estates, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Melbourne, Kentucky
Melbourne, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mentor, Kentucky
Mentor, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Middlesborough, Kentucky
Middlesborough, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Middletown, Kentucky
Middletown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Midway, Kentucky
Midway, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Millersburg, Kentucky
Millersburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Milton, Kentucky
Milton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Minor Lane Heights, Kentucky
Minor Lane Heights, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mockingbird Valley, Kentucky
Mockingbird Valley, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Monkey's Eyebrow, Kentucky
Monkey's Eyebrow, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Monterey, Kentucky
Monterey, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Monticello, Kentucky
Monticello, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Moorland, Kentucky
Moorland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Morehead, Kentucky
Morehead, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Morganfield, Kentucky
Morganfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Morgantown, Kentucky
Morgantown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mortons Gap, Kentucky
Mortons Gap, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mount Olivet, Kentucky
Mount Olivet, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mount Sterling, Kentucky
Mount Sterling, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mount Vernon, Kentucky
Mount Vernon, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Mountington, Kentucky
Mountington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Muldraugh, Kentucky
Muldraugh, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Munfordville, Kentucky
Munfordville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Murray, Kentucky
Murray, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Murray Hill, Kentucky
Murray Hill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Nebo, Kentucky
Nebo, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

New Castle, Kentucky
New Castle, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

New Haven, Kentucky
New Haven, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Newport, Kentucky
Newport, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Nicholasville, Kentucky
Nicholasville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Norbourne Estates, Kentucky
Norbourne Estates, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

North Middletown, Kentucky
North Middletown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Northfield, Kentucky
Northfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Nortonville, Kentucky
Nortonville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Norwood, Kentucky
Norwood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Oak Grove, Kentucky
Oak Grove, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Oakland, Kentucky
Oakland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Old Brownsboro Place, Kentucky
Old Brownsboro Place, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Olive Hill, Kentucky
Olive Hill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Orchard Grass Hills, Kentucky
Orchard Grass Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Owensboro, Kentucky
Owensboro, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Owenton, Kentucky
Owenton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Owingsville, Kentucky
Owingsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Paducah, Kentucky
Paducah, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Paintsville, Kentucky
Paintsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Paris, Kentucky
Paris, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Park City, Kentucky
Park City, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Park Hills, Kentucky
Park Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Park Lake, Kentucky
Park Lake, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Parkway Village, Kentucky
Parkway Village, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pembroke, Kentucky
Pembroke, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Perryville, Kentucky
Perryville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pewee Valley, Kentucky
Pewee Valley, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pikeville, Kentucky
Pikeville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pineville, Kentucky
Pineville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pioneer Village, Kentucky
Pioneer Village, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pippa Passes, Kentucky
Pippa Passes, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Plantation, Kentucky
Plantation, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Pleasureville, Kentucky
Pleasureville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Plum Springs, Kentucky
Plum Springs, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Poplar Hills, Kentucky
Poplar Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Powderly, Kentucky
Powderly, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Prestonsburg, Kentucky
Prestonsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Prestonville, Kentucky
Prestonville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Princeton, Kentucky
Princeton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Prospect, Kentucky
Prospect, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Providence, Kentucky
Providence, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Raceland, Kentucky
Raceland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Radcliff, Kentucky
Radcliff, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ravenna, Kentucky
Ravenna, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Raywick, Kentucky
Raywick, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Richlawn, Kentucky
Richlawn, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

River Bluff, Kentucky
River Bluff, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Riverwood, Kentucky
Riverwood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Robards, Kentucky
Robards, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Rochester, Kentucky
Rochester, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Rockport, Kentucky
Rockport, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Rolling Fields, Kentucky
Rolling Fields, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Rolling Hills, Kentucky
Rolling Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Rowletts, Kentucky
Rowletts, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Russell, Kentucky
Russell, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Russell Springs, Kentucky
Russell Springs, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Russellville, Kentucky
Russellville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ryland Heights, Kentucky
Ryland Heights, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sacramento, Kentucky
Sacramento, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sadieville, Kentucky
Sadieville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Salem, Kentucky
Salem, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Salt Lick, Kentucky
Salt Lick, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Salyersville, Kentucky
Salyersville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sanders, Kentucky
Sanders, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sandy Hook, Kentucky
Sandy Hook, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sardis, Kentucky
Sardis, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Science Hill, Kentucky
Science Hill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Scottsville, Kentucky
Scottsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sebree, Kentucky
Sebree, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Seneca Gardens, Kentucky
Seneca Gardens, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sharpsburg, Kentucky
Sharpsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Shelbyville, Kentucky
Shelbyville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Shepherdsville, Kentucky
Shepherdsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Shively, Kentucky
Shively, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Silver Grove, Kentucky
Silver Grove, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Simpsonville, Kentucky
Simpsonville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Slaughters, Kentucky
Slaughters, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Smithfield, Kentucky
Smithfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Simple Network Management Protocol
Simple Network Management Protocol  is aet Protocol Suite.

Smithland, Kentucky
Smithland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Smiths Grove, Kentucky
Smiths Grove, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Somerset, Kentucky
Somerset, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sonora, Kentucky
Sonora, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

South Carrollton, Kentucky
South Carrollton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

South Park View, Kentucky
South Park View, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

South Shore, Kentucky
South Shore, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Southgate, Kentucky
Southgate, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sparta, Kentucky
Sparta, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Spring Mill, Kentucky
Spring Mill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Spring Valley, Kentucky
Spring Valley, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Springfield, Kentucky
Springfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

St. Charles, Kentucky
St.

St. Matthews, Kentucky
St.

St. Regis Park, Kentucky
St.

Stamping Ground, Kentucky
Stamping Ground, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Stanford, Kentucky
Stanford, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Stanton, Kentucky
Stanton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky
Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Strathmoor Village, Kentucky
Strathmoor Village, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sturgis, Kentucky
Sturgis, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Sycamore, Kentucky
Sycamore, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Taylor Mill, Kentucky
Taylor Mill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Taylorsville, Kentucky
Taylorsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Ten Broeck, Kentucky
Ten Broeck, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Thornhill, Kentucky
Thornhill, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Tompkinsville, Kentucky
Tompkinsville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Trenton, Kentucky
Trenton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Union, Kentucky
Union, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Uniontown, Kentucky
Uniontown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Upton, Kentucky
Upton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Vanceburg, Kentucky
Vanceburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Versailles, Kentucky
Versailles, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Vicco, Kentucky
Vicco, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Villa Hills, Kentucky
Villa Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Vine Grove, Kentucky
Vine Grove, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wallins Creek, Kentucky
Wallins Creek, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Walton, Kentucky
Walton, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Warfield, Kentucky
Warfield, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Warsaw, Kentucky
Warsaw, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Water Valley, Kentucky
Water Valley, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Watterson Park, Kentucky
Watterson Park, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Waverly, Kentucky
Waverly, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wayland, Kentucky
Wayland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wellington, Kentucky
Wellington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

West Buechel, Kentucky
West Buechel, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

West Liberty, Kentucky
West Liberty, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

West Point, Kentucky
West Point, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Westwood, Kentucky
Westwood, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wheatcroft, Kentucky
Wheatcroft, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wheelwright, Kentucky
Wheelwright, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

White Plains, Kentucky
White Plains, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Whitesburg, Kentucky
Whitesburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Whitesville, Kentucky
Whitesville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wickliffe, Kentucky
Wickliffe, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wilder, Kentucky
Wilder, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Williamsburg, Kentucky
Williamsburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Williamstown, Kentucky
Williamstown, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Willisburg, Kentucky
Willisburg, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Winchester, Kentucky
Winchester, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Windy Hills, Kentucky
Windy Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wingo, Kentucky
Wingo, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Woodburn, Kentucky
Woodburn, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Woodbury, Kentucky
Woodbury, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Woodland Hills, Kentucky
Woodland Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Woodlawn, Kentucky
Woodlawn, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Woodlawn Park, Kentucky
Woodlawn Park, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Worthington, Kentucky
Worthington, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Worthington Hills, Kentucky
Worthington Hills, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Worthville, Kentucky
Worthville, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wurtland, Kentucky
Wurtland, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wildwood, Kentucky
Wildwood is a city Kentucky in United States.

Wilmore, Kentucky
Wilmore, Kentucky is a city Kentucky in United States.

Alexandria, Virginia
Alexandria, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Bedford, Virginia
Bedford, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Bristol, Virginia
Bristol, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Buena Vista, Virginia
Buena Vista, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Charlottesville, Virginia
Charlottesville, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Chesapeake, Virginia
Chesapeake, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Colonial Heights, Virginia
Colonial Heights, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Covington, Virginia
Covington, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Danville, Virginia
Danville, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Emporia, Virginia
Emporia, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Fairfax, Virginia
Fairfax, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Falls Church, Virginia
Falls Church, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Franklin, Virginia
Franklin, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Fredericksburg, Virginia
Fredericksburg, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Galax, Virginia
Galax, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Hampton, Virginia
Hampton, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Hopewell, Virginia
Hopewell, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Lexington, Virginia
Lexington, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Manassas Park, Virginia
Manassas Park, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Manassas, Virginia
Manassas, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Martinsville, Virginia
Martinsville, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Newport News, Virginia
Newport News, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Norton, Virginia
Norton, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Petersburg, Virginia
Petersburg, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Poquoson, Virginia
Poquoson, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Radford, Virginia
Radford, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Roanoke, Virginia
Roanoke, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Salem, Virginia
Salem, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Staunton, Virginia
Staunton, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Suffolk, Virginia
Suffolk, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Waynesboro, Virginia
Waynesboro, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Williamsburg, Virginia
Williamsburg, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Winchester, Virginia
Winchester, Virginia is a city Virginia in United States.

Accomac, Virginia
Accomac, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Alberta, Virginia
Alberta, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Altavista, Virginia
Altavista, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Amherst, Virginia
Amherst, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Appalachia, Virginia
Appalachia, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Appomattox, Virginia
Appomattox, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Ashland, Virginia
Ashland, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Belle Haven, Accomack County, Virginia
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack County Virginia, United States.

Berryville, Virginia
Berryville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Big Stone Gap, Virginia
Big Stone Gap, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Blacksburg, Virginia
Blacksburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Blackstone, Virginia
Blackstone, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Bloxom, Virginia
Bloxom, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Bluefield, Virginia
Bluefield, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Boones Mill, Virginia
Boones Mill, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Bowling Green, Virginia
Bowling Green, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Boyce, Virginia
Boyce, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Boydton, Virginia
Boydton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Boykins, Virginia
Boykins, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Branchville, Virginia
Branchville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Bridgewater, Virginia
Bridgewater, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Broadway, Virginia
Broadway, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Brodnax, Virginia
Brodnax, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Brookneal, Virginia
Brookneal, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Buchanan, Virginia
Buchanan, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Burkeville, Virginia
Burkeville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Cape Charles, Virginia
Cape Charles, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Capron, Virginia
Capron, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Cedar Bluff, Virginia
Cedar Bluff, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Charlotte Court House, Virginia
Charlotte Court House, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Chase City, Virginia
Chase City, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Chatham, Virginia
Chatham, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Cheriton, Virginia
Cheriton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Chilhowie, Virginia
Chilhowie, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Chincoteague, Virginia
Chincoteague, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Christiansburg, Virginia
Christiansburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Claremont, Virginia
Claremont, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Clarksville, Virginia
Clarksville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Cleveland, Virginia
Cleveland, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Clifton Forge, Virginia
Clifton Forge, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Clifton, Virginia
Clifton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Clinchco, Virginia
Clinchco, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Clinchport, Virginia
Clinchport, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Clintwood, Virginia
Clintwood, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Coeburn, Virginia
Coeburn, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Colonial Beach, Virginia
Colonial Beach, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Columbia, Virginia
Columbia, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Courtland, Virginia
Courtland, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Craigsville, Virginia
Craigsville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Crewe, Virginia
Crewe, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Culpeper, Virginia
Culpeper, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Damascus, Virginia
Damascus, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Dayton, Virginia
Dayton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Dendron, Virginia
Dendron, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Dillwyn, Virginia
Dillwyn, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Drakesch, Virginia
Drakesch, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Dublin, Virginia
Dublin, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Duffield, Virginia
Duffield, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Dumfries, Virginia
Dumfries, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Dungannon, Virginia
Dungannon, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Eastville, Virginia
Eastville is a town Virginia in United States.

Edinburg, Virginia
Edinburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Elkton, Virginia
Elkton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Exmore, Virginia
Exmore, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Farmville, Virginia
Farmville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Fincastle, Virginia
Fincastle, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Floyd, Virginia
Floyd, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Fries, Virginia
Fries, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Front Royal, Virginia
Front Royal, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Gate City, Virginia
Gate City, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Glade Spring, Virginia
Glade Spring, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Glasgow, Virginia
Glasgow, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Glen Lyn, Virginia
Glen Lyn, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Gordonsville, Virginia
Gordonsville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Goshen, Virginia
Goshen, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Gretna, Virginia
Gretna, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Grottoes, Virginia
Grottoes, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Grundy, Virginia
Grundy, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Halifax, Virginia
Halifax, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Hallwood, Virginia
Hallwood, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Hamilton, Virginia
Hamilton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Haymarket, Virginia
Haymarket, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Haysi, Virginia
Haysi, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Herndon, Virginia
Herndon, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Hillsboro, Loudoun County, Virginia
Hillsboro is a town in Loudoun County Virginia, United States.

Hillsville, Virginia
Hillsville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Honaker, Virginia
Honaker, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Hurt, Virginia
Hurt, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Independence, Virginia
Independence, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Iron Gate, Virginia
Iron Gate, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Irvington, Virginia
Irvington, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Ivor, Virginia
Ivor, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Jarratt, Virginia
Jarratt, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Jonesville, Virginia
Jonesville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Keller, Virginia
Keller, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Kenbridge, Virginia
Kenbridge, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Jmirc
Jmirc is a popular IRC client that is used on cell phones, smart phones, other mobile devices.

Keysville, Virginia
Keysville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Kilmarnock, Virginia
Kilmarnock, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

La Crosse, Virginia
La Crosse, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Lawrenceville, Virginia
Lawrenceville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Lebanon, Virginia
Lebanon, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Leesburg, Virginia
Leesburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Louisa, Virginia
Louisa, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Lovettsville, Virginia
Lovettsville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Luray, Virginia
Luray, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Madison, Virginia
Madison, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Marion, Virginia
Marion, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

McKenney, Virginia
McKenney, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Melfa, Virginia
Melfa, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Middleburg, Virginia
Middleburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Middletown, Virginia
Middletown, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Mineral, Virginia
Mineral, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Monterey, Virginia
Monterey, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Montross, Virginia
Montross, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Mount Crawford, Virginia
Mount Crawford, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Mount Jackson, Virginia
Mount Jackson, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Narrows, Virginia
Narrows, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Nassawadox, Virginia
Nassawadox, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

New Castle, Virginia
New Castle, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

New Market, Virginia
New Market, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Newsoms, Virginia
Newsoms, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Nickelsville, Virginia
Nickelsville is a town Virginia in United States.

Occoquan, Virginia
Occoquan, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Onancock, Virginia
Onancock, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Onley, Virginia
Onley, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Orange, Virginia
Orange, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Painter, Virginia
Painter, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pamplin City, Virginia
Pamplin City, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Parksley, Virginia
Parksley, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pearisburg, Virginia
Pearisburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pembroke, Virginia
Pembroke, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pennington Gap, Virginia
Pennington Gap, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Phenix, Virginia
Phenix, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pocahontas, Virginia
Pocahontas, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Port Royal, Virginia
Port Royal, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pound, Virginia
Pound, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Pulaski, Virginia
Pulaski, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Purcellville, Virginia
Purcellville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Quantico, Virginia
Quantico, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Remington, Virginia
Remington, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Rich Creek, Virginia
Rich Creek, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Richlands, Virginia
Richlands, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Ridgeway, Virginia
Ridgeway, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Black-legged Dart Frog
The Black-legged Dart Frog , also known as bicolored dart frog Neari in Choco, is toxic wild poison dart frogs.

Junglefowl
Junglefowl are four living species bird from genus "Gallus" in pheasant family, which occur in India, Sri Lanka Southeast Asia.

Red Junglefowl
Red Junglefowl  are ancestors all our domestic chickens.

Rocky Mount, Virginia
Rocky Mount, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Round Hill, Loudoun County, Virginia
Round Hill is a town Virginia in United States.

Rural Retreat, Virginia
Rural Retreat, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Saltville, Virginia
Saltville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Saxis, Virginia
Saxis, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Scottsburg, Virginia
Scottsburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Scottsville, Virginia
Scottsville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Shenandoah, Virginia
Shenandoah, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Smithfield, Virginia
Smithfield, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

South Boston, Virginia
South Boston, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

South Hill, Virginia
South Hill, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

St. Charles, Virginia
St.

St. Paul, Virginia
St.

Stanardsville, Virginia
Stanardsville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Stanley, Virginia
Stanley, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Stephens City, Virginia
Stephens City, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Stony Creek, Virginia
Stony Creek, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Strasburg, Virginia
Strasburg, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Stuart, Virginia
Stuart, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Surry, Virginia
Surry, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Tangier, Virginia
Tangier, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Tappahannock, Virginia
Tappahannock, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Tazewell, Virginia
Tazewell, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

The Plains, Virginia
The Plains, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Timberville, Virginia
Timberville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Toms Brook, Virginia
Toms Brook, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Troutdale, Virginia
Troutdale, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Troutville, Virginia
Troutville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Urbanna, Virginia
Urbanna, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Victoria, Virginia
Victoria, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Vienna, Virginia
Vienna, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Vinton, Virginia
Vinton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Virgilina, Virginia
Virgilina, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Wachapreague, Virginia
Wachapreague, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Wakefield, Virginia
Wakefield, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Warrenton, Virginia
Warrenton, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Warsaw, Virginia
Warsaw, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Washington, Virginia
Washington, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Waverly, Virginia
Waverly, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Weber City, Virginia
Weber City, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

West Point, Virginia
West Point, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

White Stone, Virginia
White Stone, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Windsor, Virginia
Windsor, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Wise, Virginia
Wise, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Woodstock, Virginia
Woodstock, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Wytheville, Virginia
Wytheville, Virginia is a town Virginia in United States.

Abingdon, Illinois
Abingdon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Albion, Illinois
Albion, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Aledo, Illinois
Aledo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Alsip, Illinois
Alsip, Illinois is a village Illinois in United States.

Altamont, Illinois
Altamont, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Amboy, Illinois
Amboy, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Anna, Illinois
Anna, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Arcola, Illinois
Arcola, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Ashley, Illinois
Ashley, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Assumption, Illinois
Assumption, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Athens, Illinois
Athens, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Atlanta, Illinois
Atlanta, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Auburn, Illinois
Auburn, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Aurora, Illinois
Aurora, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Ava, Illinois
Ava, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Barry, Illinois
Barry, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Batavia, Illinois
Batavia, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Beardstown, Illinois
Beardstown, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Belleville, Illinois
Belleville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Belvidere, Illinois
Belvidere, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Benld, Illinois
Benld, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Benton, Illinois
Benton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Berwyn, Illinois
Berwyn, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Blued, Illinois
Blued, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Braidwood, Illinois
Braidwood, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Breese, Illinois
Breese, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Bridgeport, Illinois
Bridgeport, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Brookport, Illinois
Brookport, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Bunker Hill, Illinois
Bunker Hill, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Burbank, Illinois
Burbank, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Bushnell, Illinois
Bushnell, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Byron, Illinois
Byron, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Cairo, Illinois
Cairo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Calumet City, Illinois
Calumet City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Canton, Illinois
Canton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carbondale, Illinois
Carbondale, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carlinville, Illinois
Carlinville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carlyle, Illinois
Carlyle, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carmi, Illinois
Carmi, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carrollton, Illinois
Carrollton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carterville, Illinois
Carterville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Carthage, Illinois
Carthage, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Casey, Illinois
Casey, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Centralia, Illinois
Centralia, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Centreville, Illinois
Centreville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Champaign, Illinois
Champaign, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Charleston, Illinois
Charleston, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Chenoa, Illinois
Chenoa, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Chester, Illinois
Chester, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Chicago Heights, Illinois
Chicago Heights, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Chillicothe, Illinois
Chillicothe, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Chrisman, Illinois
Chrisman, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Christopher, Illinois
Christopher, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Clinton, Illinois
Clinton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Coffeen, Illinois
Coffeen, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Colchester, Illinois
Colchester, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Collinsville, Illinois
Collinsville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Colona, Illinois
Colona, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Columbia, Illinois
Columbia, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Country Club Hills, Illinois
Country Club Hills, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Countryside, Illinois
Countryside, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Creal Springs, Illinois
Creal Springs, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Crest Hill, Illinois
Crest Hill, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Crystal Lake, Illinois
Crystal Lake, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Cuba, Illinois
Cuba, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Dallas City, Illinois
Dallas City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Danville, Illinois
Danville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Darien, Illinois
Darien, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

DeKalb, Illinois
DeKalb, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Delavan, Illinois
Delavan, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Des Plaines, Illinois
Des Plaines, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Dixon, Illinois
Dixon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Du Quoin, Illinois
Du Quoin, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Earlville, Illinois
Earlville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

East Dubuque, Illinois
East Dubuque, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

East Moline, Illinois
East Moline, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

East Peoria, Illinois
East Peoria, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

East St. Louis, Illinois
East St.

Edwardsville, Illinois
Edwardsville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Effingham, Illinois
Effingham, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

El Paso, Illinois
El Paso, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Eldorado, Illinois
Eldorado, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Elgin, Illinois
Elgin, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Elmhurst, Illinois
Elmhurst, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Elmwood Park, Illinois
Elmwood Park, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Eureka, Illinois
Eureka, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Evanston, Illinois
Evanston, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Fairbury, Illinois
Fairbury, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Fairfield, Illinois
Fairfield, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Fairview Heights, Illinois
Fairview Heights, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Farmer City, Illinois
Farmer City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Farmington, Illinois
Farmington, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Flora, Illinois
Flora, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Fox Lake, Illinois
Fox Lake, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Freeport, Illinois
Freeport, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Fulton, Illinois
Fulton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Galena, Illinois
Galena, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Galesburg, Illinois
Galesburg, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Galva, Illinois
Galva, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Geneseo, Illinois
Geneseo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Geneva, Illinois
Geneva, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Genoa, Illinois
Genoa, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Georgetown, Illinois
Georgetown, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Gibson City, Illinois
Gibson City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Gillespie, Illinois
Gillespie, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Gilman, Illinois
Gilman, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Girard, Illinois
Girard, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Golconda, Illinois
Golconda, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Goreville, Illinois
Goreville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Grafton, Illinois
Grafton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Grand Tower, Illinois
Grand Tower, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Granite City, Illinois
Granite City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Grayslake, Illinois
Grayslake, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Grayville, Illinois
Grayville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Greenfield, Illinois
Greenfield, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Greenville, Illinois
Greenville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Griggsville, Illinois
Griggsville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Hamilton, Illinois
Hamilton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Harrisburg, Illinois
Harrisburg, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Harvard, Illinois
Harvard, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Harvey, Illinois
Harvey, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Havana, Illinois
Havana, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Henry, Illinois
Henry, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Herrin, Illinois
Herrin, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Hickory Hills, Illinois
Hickory Hills, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Highland Park, Illinois
Highland Park, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Highland, Illinois
Highland, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Highwood, Illinois
Highwood, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Hillsboro, Illinois
Hillsboro, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Hometown, Illinois
Hometown, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Hoopeston, Illinois
Hoopeston, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Hurst, Illinois
Hurst, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Jacksonville, Illinois
Jacksonville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Jerseyville, Illinois
Jerseyville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Johnston City, Illinois
Johnston City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Joliet, Illinois
Joliet is a city Illinois in United States.

Kankakee, Illinois
Kankakee, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Keithsburg, Illinois
Keithsburg, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Kewanee, Illinois
Kewanee, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Kinmundy, Illinois
Kinmundy, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Knoxville, Illinois
Knoxville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

La Harpe, Illinois
La Harpe, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lacon, Illinois
Lacon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lake Forest, Illinois
Lake Forest, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lanark, Illinois
Lanark, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

LaSalle, Illinois
LaSalle, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lawrenceville, Illinois
Lawrenceville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Le Roy, Illinois
Le Roy, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lebanon, Illinois
Lebanon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Leland Grove, Illinois
Leland Grove, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lena, Illinois
Lena, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lewistown, Illinois
Lewistown, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lexington, Illinois
Lexington, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lincoln, Illinois
Lincoln, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lisle, Illinois
Lisle, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Litchfield, Illinois
Litchfield, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lockport, Illinois
Lockport, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Lombard, Illinois
Lombard, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Loves Park, Illinois
Loves Park, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Macomb, Illinois
Macomb, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Macon, Illinois
Macon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Madison, Illinois
Madison, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Marengo, Illinois
Marengo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Marion, Illinois
Marion, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Markham, Illinois
Markham, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Maroa, Illinois
Maroa, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Marquette Heights, Illinois
Marquette Heights, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Marseilles, Illinois
Marseilles, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Marshall, Illinois
Marshall, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Martinsville, Illinois
Martinsville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mascoutah, Illinois
Mascoutah, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mason City, Illinois
Mason City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mattoon, Illinois
Mattoon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

McHenry, Illinois
McHenry, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

McLeansboro, Illinois
McLeansboro, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mendota, Illinois
Mendota, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Metropolis, Illinois
Metropolis, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Midlothian, Illinois
Midlothian, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Minonk, Illinois
Minonk, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mokena, Illinois
Mokena, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Moline, Illinois
Moline, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Momence, Illinois
Momence, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Monmouth, Illinois
Monmouth, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Monticello, Illinois
Monticello, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Morris, Illinois
Morris, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Morrison, Illinois
Morrison, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mound City, Illinois
Mound City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mounds, Illinois
Mounds, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mount Carmel, Illinois
Mount Carmel, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mount Carroll, Illinois
Mount Carroll, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mount Olive, Illinois
Mount Olive, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mount Pulaski, Illinois
Mount Pulaski, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mount Sterling, Illinois
Mount Sterling, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Mount Vernon, Illinois
Mount Vernon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Murphysboro, Illinois
Murphysboro, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Naperville, Illinois
Naperville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Nashville, Illinois
Nashville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Nason, Illinois
Nason, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Nauvoo, Illinois
Nauvoo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Neoga, Illinois
Neoga, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

New Boston, Illinois
New Boston, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Newman, Illinois
Newman, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Newton, Illinois
Newton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Nokomis, Illinois
Nokomis, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Normal, Illinois
Normal, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

North Chicago, Illinois
North Chicago, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Northlake, Illinois
Northlake, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

O'Fallon, Illinois
O'Fallon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Oak Forest, Illinois
Oak Forest, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois
Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Oakland, Illinois
Oakland, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Oglesby, Illinois
Oglesby, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Olney, Illinois
Olney, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Oneida, Illinois
Oneida, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Oregon, Illinois
Oregon, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Orient, Illinois
Orient, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Orland Park, Illinois
Orland Park, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Ottawa, Illinois
Ottawa, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Palos Heights, Illinois
Palos Heights, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Palos Hills, Illinois
Palos Hills, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Pana, Illinois
Pana, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Paris, Illinois
Paris, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Park City, Illinois
Park City, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Park Ridge, Illinois
Park Ridge, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Paxton, Illinois
Paxton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Pekin, Illinois
Pekin, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Peru, Illinois
Peru, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Petersburg, Illinois
Petersburg, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Pinckneyville, Illinois
Pinckneyville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Pittsfield, Illinois
Pittsfield, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Plano, Illinois
Plano, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Pleasant Hill, Illinois
Pleasant Hill, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Polo, Illinois
Polo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Pontiac, Illinois
Pontiac, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Princeton, Illinois
Princeton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Prophetstown, Illinois
Prophetstown, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Prospect Heights, Illinois
Prospect Heights, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Red Bud, Illinois
Red Bud, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Robinson, Illinois
Robinson, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rochelle, Illinois
Rochelle, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rock Falls, Illinois
Rock Falls, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rockd, Illinois
Rockd, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rockford, Illinois
Rockford, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rolling Meadows, Illinois
Rolling Meadows, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Roodhouse, Illinois
Roodhouse, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rosiclare, Illinois
Rosiclare, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Roxana, Illinois
Roxana, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Rushville, Illinois
Rushville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Salem, Illinois
Salem, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sandwich, Illinois
Sandwich, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Savanna, Illinois
Savanna, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sesser, Illinois
Sesser, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Shawneetown, Illinois
Shawneetown, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Shelbyville, Illinois
Shelbyville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Silvis, Illinois
Silvis is a city Illinois in United States.

South Beloit, Illinois
South Beloit, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sparta, Illinois
Sparta, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Spring Valley, Illinois
Spring Valley, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

St. Charles, Illinois
St.

St. Elmo, Illinois
St.

St.cisville, Illinois
St.

Staunton, Illinois
Staunton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sterling, Illinois
Sterling, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Streamwood, Illinois
Streamwood, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Streator, Illinois
Streator, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sullivan, Illinois
Sullivan, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sumner, Illinois
Sumner, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Sycamore, Illinois
Sycamore, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Vandalia, Illinois
Vandalia, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Venice, Illinois
Venice, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Vienna, Illinois
Vienna, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Villa Grove, Illinois
Villa Grove, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Villa Park, Illinois
Villa Park, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Virden, Illinois
Virden, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Virginia, Illinois
Virginia, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wamac, Illinois
Wamac, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Warrenville, Illinois
Warrenville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Warsaw, Illinois
Warsaw, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Washington, Illinois
Washington, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Waterloo, Illinois
Waterloo, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Watseka, Illinois
Watseka, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Waukegan, Illinois
Waukegan, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Waverly, Illinois
Waverly, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wenona, Illinois
Wenona, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

West Chicago, Illinois
West Chicago, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Westkfort, Illinois
Westkfort, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

West Peoria, Illinois
West Peoria, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wheaton, Illinois
Wheaton, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

White Hall, Illinois
White Hall, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wilmington, Will County, Illinois
Wilmington, Will County, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Winchester, Illinois
Winchester, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Windsor, Shelby County, Illinois
Windsor, Shelby County, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Witt, Illinois
Witt, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wood Dale, Illinois
Wood Dale, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wood River, Illinois
Wood River, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Woodstock, Illinois
Woodstock, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Wyoming, Illinois
Wyoming, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Yorkville, Illinois
Yorkville, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Zeigler, Illinois
Zeigler, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Zion, Illinois
Zion, Illinois is a city Illinois in United States.

Real Time Streaming Protocol
The Real Time Streaming Protocol , developed by IETF created in 1998 as RFC 2326, is a protocol for use in streaming media systems, which allows a client to remotely control a streaming media server, issuing VCR-like commands such as "play" "pause", allowing time-based access to files on a server.

Alexandria,a
Alexandria,a is a citya in United States.

Anderson,a
Anderson,a is a citya in United States.

Angola,a
Angola,a is a citya in United States.

Attica,a
Attica,a is a citya in United States.

Auburn,a
Auburn,a is a citya in United States.

Aurora,a
Aurora,a is a citya in United States.

Batesville,a
Batesville,a is a citya in United States.

Bedford,a
Bedford,a is a citya in United States.

Beech Grove,a
Beech Grove,a is a citya in United States.

Berne,a
Berne,a is a citya in United States.

Bicknell,a
Bicknell,a is a citya in United States.

Bloomington,a
Bloomington,a is a citya in United States.

Bluffton,a
Bluffton,a is a citya in United States.

Boonville,a
Boonville,a is a citya in United States.

Brazil,a
Brazil,a is a citya in United States.

Butler,a
Butler,a is a citya in United States.

Cannelton,a
Cannelton,a is a citya in United States.

Carmel,a
Carmel,a is a citya in United States.

Charlestown,a
Charlestown,a is a citya in United States.

Clinton,a
Clinton,a is a citya in United States.

Columbia City,a
Columbia City,a is a citya in United States.

Columbus,a
Columbus,a is a citya in United States.

Connersville,a
Connersville,a is a citya in United States.

Covington,a
Covington,a is a citya in United States.

Crawfordsville,a
Crawfordsville,a is a citya in United States.

Crown Point,a
Crown Point,a is a citya in United States.

Decatur,a
Decatur,a is a citya in United States.

Delphi,a
Delphi,a is a citya in United States.

Dunkirk,a
Dunkirk,a is a citya in United States.

East Chicago,a
East Chicago,a is a citya in United States.

Elkhart,a
Elkhart,a is a citya in United States.

Elwood,a
Elwood,a is a citya in United States.

Evansville,a
Evansville,a is a citya in United States.

Fort Wayne,a
Fort Wayne,a is a citya in United States.

Frankfort,a
Frankfort,a is a citya in United States.

Franklin,a
Franklin,a is a citya in United States.

Garrett,a
Garrett,a is a citya in United States.

Gary,a
Gary,a is a citya in United States.

Gas City,a
Gas City,a is a citya in United States.

Goshen,a
Goshen,a is a citya in United States.

Greencastle,a
Greencastle,a is a citya in United States.

Greendale,a
Greendale,a is a citya in United States.

Greenfield,a
Greenfield,a is a citya in United States.

Greensburg,a
Greensburg,a is a citya in United States.

Greenwood,a
Greenwood,a is a citya in United States.

Hammond,a
Hammond,a is a citya in United States.

Hartford City,a
Hartford City,a is a citya in United States.

Hobart,a
Hobart,a is a citya in United States.

Huntingburg,a
Huntingburg,a is a citya in United States.

Huntington,a
Huntington,a is a citya in United States.

Jasonville,a
Jasonville,a is a citya in United States.

Jasper,a
Jasper,a is a citya in United States.

Jeffersonville,a
Jeffersonville,a is a citya in United States.

Jonesboro,a
Jonesboro,a is a citya in United States.

Kendallville,a
Kendallville,a is a citya in United States.

Knox,a
Knox,a is a citya in United States.

Kokomo,a
Kokomo,a is a citya in United States.

La Porte,a
La Porte,a is a citya in United States.

Lafayette,a
Lafayette,a is a citya in United States.

Lake Station,a
Lake Station,a is a citya in United States.

Lawrence,a
Lawrence,a is a citya in United States.

Lawrenceburg,a
Lawrenceburg,a is a citya in United States.

Lebanon,a
Lebanon,a is a citya in United States.

Ligonier,a
Ligonier,a is a citya in United States.

Linton,a
Linton,a is a citya in United States.

Logansport,a
Logansport,a is a citya in United States.

Loogootee,a
Loogootee,a is a citya in United States.

Madison,a
Madison,a is a citya in United States.

Marion,a
Marion,a is a citya in United States.

Martinsville,a
Martinsville,a is a citya in United States.

Michigan City,a
Michigan City,a is a citya in United States.

Mishawaka,a
Mishawaka,a is a citya in United States.

Mitchell,a
Mitchell,a is a citya in United States.

Monticello,a
Monticello,a is a citya in United States.

Montpelier,a
Montpelier,a is a citya in United States.

Mount Vernon,a
Mount Vernon,a is a citya in United States.

Muncie,a
Muncie,a is a citya in United States.

Nappanee,a
Nappanee,a is a citya in United States.

Newy,a
Newy,a is a citya in United States.

New Haven,a
New Haven,a is a citya in United States.

Noblesville,a
Noblesville,a is a citya in United States.

North Vernon,a
North Vernon,a is a citya in United States.

Oakland City,a
Oakland City,a is a citya in United States.

Peru,a
Peru,a is a citya in United States.

Petersburg,a
Petersburg,a is a citya in United States.

Plymouth,a
Plymouth,a is a citya in United States.

Portage,a
Portage,a is a citya in United States.

Portland,a
Portland,a is a citya in United States.

Princeton,a
Princeton is a citya in United States.

Rensselaer,a
Rensselaer,a is a citya in United States.

Richmond,a
Richmond,a is a citya in United States.

Rising Sun,a
Rising Sun,a is a citya in United States.

Rochester,a
Rochester,a is a citya in United States.

Rockport,a
Rockport,a is a citya in United States.

Rushville,a
Rushville,a is a citya in United States.

Salem,a
Salem,a is a citya in United States.

Scottsburg,a
Scottsburg,a is a citya in United States.

Seymour,a
Seymour,a is a citya in United States.

Shelbyville,a
Shelbyville,a is a citya in United States.

South Bend,a
South Bend is a citya in United States.

Southport,a
Southport,a is a citya in United States.

Sullivan,a
Sullivan,a is a citya in United States.

Tell City,a
Tell City,a is a citya in United States.

Terre Haute,a
Terre Haute,a is a citya in United States.

Tipton,a
Tipton,a is a citya in United States.

Union City,a
Union City,a is a citya in United States.

Valparaiso,a
Valparaiso,a is a citya in United States.

Vincennes,a
Vincennes,a is a citya in United States.

Wabash,a
Wabash,a is a citya in United States.

Warsaw,a
Warsaw,a is a citya in United States.

Washington,a
Washington,a is a citya in United States.

West Lafayette,a
West Lafayette,a is a citya in United States.

Whiting,a
Whiting,a is a citya in United States.

Winchester,a
Winchester,a is a citya in United States.

Woodburn,a
Woodburn,a is a citya in United States.

August Krogh
Schack August Steenberg Krogh  is an zoologist.

Ackley, Iowa
Ackley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ackworth, Iowa
Ackworth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Adair, Iowa
Adair, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Adel, Iowa
Adel, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Afton, Iowa
Afton is a city Iowa in United States.

Agency, Iowa
Agency, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ainsworth, Iowa
Ainsworth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Akron, Iowa
Akron, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Albert City, Iowa
Albert City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Albia, Iowa
Albia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Albion, Iowa
Albion, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alburnett, Iowa
Alburnett, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alden, Iowa
Alden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alexander, Iowa
Alexander, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Algona, Iowa
Algona, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alleman, Iowa
Alleman, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Allerton, Iowa
Allerton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Allison, Iowa
Allison, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alta Vista, Iowa
Alta Vista, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alta, Iowa
Alta, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alton, Iowa
Alton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Altoona, Iowa
Altoona, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Alvord, Iowa
Alvord, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ames, Iowa
Ames, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Anamosa, Iowa
Anamosa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Andover, Iowa
Andover, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Andrew, Iowa
Andrew, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Anita, Iowa
Anita, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ankeny, Iowa
Ankeny, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Anthon, Iowa
Anthon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Aplington, Iowa
Aplington, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Arcadia, Iowa
Arcadia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Archer, Iowa
Archer, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Aredale, Iowa
Aredale, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Argyle, Iowa
Argyle, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Arion, Iowa
Arion, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Arispe, Iowa
Arispe, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Arlington, Iowa
Arlington, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Armstrong, Iowa
Armstrong, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Arnolds Park, Iowa
Arnolds Park, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Arthur, Iowa
Arthur, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Asbury, Iowa
Asbury, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ashton, Iowa
Ashton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Aspinwall, Iowa
Aspinwall, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Atalissa, Iowa
Atalissa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Atkins, Iowa
Atkins, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Atlantic, Iowa
Atlantic, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Auburn, Iowa
Auburn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Audubon, Iowa
Audubon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Aurelia, Iowa
Aurelia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Aurora, Iowa
Aurora, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Avoca, Iowa
Avoca, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ayrshire, Iowa
Ayrshire, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Badger, Iowa
Badger, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bagley, Iowa
Bagley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Baldwin, Iowa
Baldwin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Balltown, Iowa
Balltown, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bancroft, Iowa
Bancroft, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bankston, Iowa
Bankston, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Barnes City, Iowa
Barnes City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Barnum, Iowa
Barnum, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bassett, Iowa
Bassett, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Batavia, Iowa
Batavia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Battle Creek, Iowa
Battle Creek, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Baxter, Iowa
Baxter, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bayard, Iowa
Bayard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Beacon, Iowa
Beacon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Beaconsfield, Iowa
Beaconsfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Beaman, Iowa
Beaman, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Beaver, Iowa
Beaver, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bedford, Iowa
Bedford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Belle Plaine, Iowa
Belle Plaine, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bellevue, Iowa
Bellevue, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Belmond, Iowa
Belmond, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bennett, Iowa
Bennett, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Benton, Iowa
Benton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Berkley, Iowa
Berkley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bernard, Iowa
Bernard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bertram, Iowa
Bertram, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Berwick, Iowa
Berwick, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bettendorf, Iowa
Bettendorf, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bevington, Iowa
Bevington, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Birmingham, Iowa
Birmingham, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blairsburg, Iowa
Blairsburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blairstown, Iowa
Blairstown, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blakesburg, Iowa
Blakesburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blanchard, Iowa
Blanchard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blencoe, Iowa
Blencoe, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blockton, Iowa
Blockton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bloomfield, Iowa
Bloomfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Blue Grass, Iowa
Blue Grass, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bode, Iowa
Bode, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bonaparte, Iowa
Bonaparte, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bondurant, Iowa
Bondurant, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Boone, Iowa
Boone, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Booneville, Iowa
Booneville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bouton, Iowa
Bouton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Boxholm, Iowa
Boxholm, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Boyden, Iowa
Boyden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Braddyville, Iowa
Braddyville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bradford, Iowa
Bradford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bradgate, Iowa
Bradgate, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Brandon, Iowa
Brandon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Brayton, Iowa
Brayton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Breda, Iowa
Breda, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bridgewater, Iowa
Bridgewater, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Brighton, Iowa
Brighton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bristow, Iowa
Bristow, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Britt, Iowa
Britt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bronson, Iowa
Bronson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Brooklyn, Iowa
Brooklyn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Brunsville, Iowa
Brunsville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Buck Grove, Iowa
Buck Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Buckeye, Iowa
Buckeye, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Buffalo Center, Iowa
Buffalo Center, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Buffalo, Iowa
Buffalo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Burt, Iowa
Burt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Bussey, Iowa
Bussey, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Calamus, Iowa
Calamus, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Callender, Iowa
Callender, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Calmar, Iowa
Calmar is a city Iowa in United States.

Calumet, Iowa
Calumet, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Camanche, Iowa
Camanche, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cambridge, Iowa
Cambridge, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cancun
Cancun is a city Iowa in United States.

Cantril, Iowa
Cantril, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Carbon, Iowa
Carbon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Carlisle, Iowa
Carlisle, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Carpenter, Iowa
Carpenter, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Carroll, Iowa
Carroll, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Carson, Iowa
Carson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Carter Lake, Iowa
Carter Lake, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cascade, Iowa
Cascade, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Casey, Iowa
Casey, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Castalia, Iowa
Castalia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Castana, Iowa
Castana, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cedar Falls, Iowa
Cedar Falls, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Center Junction, Iowa
Center Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Center Point, Iowa
Center Point, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Centerville, Iowa
Centerville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Central City, Iowa
Central City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Centralia, Iowa
Centralia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Chariton, Iowa
Chariton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Charles City, Iowa
Charles City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Charlotte, Iowa
Charlotte, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Charter Oak, Iowa
Charter Oak, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Chatsworth, Iowa
Chatsworth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Chelsea, Iowa
Chelsea, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cherokee, Iowa
Cherokee, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Chester, Iowa
Chester, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Chillicothe, Iowa
Chillicothe, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Churdan, Iowa
Churdan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cincinnati, Iowa
Cincinnati, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clare, Iowa
Clare, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clarence, Iowa
Clarence, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clarinda, Iowa
Clarinda, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clarion, Iowa
Clarion, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clarksville, Iowa
Clarksville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clayton, Iowa
Clayton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clear Lake, Iowa
Clear Lake, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clearfield, Iowa
Clearfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cleghorn, Iowa
Cleghorn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clemons, Iowa
Clemons, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clermont, Iowa
Clermont, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clinton, Iowa
Clinton is a city Iowa in United States.

Clio, Iowa
Clio, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clive, Iowa
Clive, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Clutier, Iowa
Clutier, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coburg, Iowa
Coburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coggon, Iowa
Coggon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coin, Iowa
Coin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Colesburg, Iowa
Colesburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Colfax, Iowa
Colfax, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

College Springs, Iowa
College Springs, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Collins, Iowa
Collins, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Colo, Iowa
Colo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Columbus City, Iowa
Columbus City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Columbus Junction, Iowa
Columbus Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Colwell, Iowa
Colwell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Conesville, Iowa
Conesville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Conrad, Iowa
Conrad, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Conway, Iowa
Conway, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coon Rapids, Iowa
Coon Rapids, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coppock, Iowa
Coppock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coralville, Iowa
Coralville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Corning, Iowa
Corning, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Correctionville, Iowa
Correctionville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Corwith, Iowa
Corwith, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Corydon, Iowa
Corydon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cotter, Iowa
Cotter, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Coulter, Iowa
Coulter, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Council Bluffs, Iowa
Council Bluffs, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Craig, Iowa
Craig, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Crawfordsville, Iowa
Crawfordsville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Crescent, Iowa
Crescent, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cresco, Iowa
Cresco, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cromwell, Iowa
Cromwell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Crystal Lake, Iowa
Crystal Lake, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cumberland, Iowa
Cumberland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cumming, Iowa
Cumming, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Curlew, Iowa
Curlew, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cushing, Iowa
Cushing, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cylinder, Iowa
Cylinder, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dakota City, Iowa
Dakota City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dallas Center, Iowa
Dallas Center, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dana, Iowa
Dana, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Danbury, Iowa
Danbury, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Danville, Iowa
Danville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Davenport, Iowa
Davenport, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Davis City, Iowa
Davis City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dawson, Iowa
Dawson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dayton, Iowa
Dayton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

De Soto, Iowa
De Soto, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

De Witt, Iowa
De Witt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Decatur City, Iowa
Decatur City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Decorah, Iowa
Decorah, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dedham, Iowa
Dedham, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Deep River, Iowa
Deep River, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Defiance, Iowa
Defiance, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Delaware, Iowa
Delaware, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Delhi, Iowa
Delhi, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Delmar, Iowa
Delmar, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Deloit, Iowa
Deloit, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Delphos, Iowa
Delphos, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Delta, Iowa
Delta, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Denison, Iowa
Denison, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Denver, Iowa
Denver, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Derby, Iowa
Derby, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dexter, Iowa
Dexter, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Diagonal, Iowa
Diagonal, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dickens, Iowa
Dickens, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dike, Iowa
Dike, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dixon, Iowa
Dixon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dolliver, Iowa
Dolliver, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Donahue, Iowa
Donahue, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Donnellson, Iowa
Donnellson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Doon, Iowa
Doon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dougherty, Iowa
Dougherty, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dow City, Iowa
Dow City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dows, Iowa
Dows, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Drakesville, Iowa
Drakesville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dubuque, Iowa
Dubuque, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dumont, Iowa
Dumont, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Duncombe, Iowa
Duncombe, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dundee, Iowa
Dundee, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dunkerton, Iowa
Dunkerton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dunlap, Iowa
Dunlap, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Durango, Iowa
Durango, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Durant, Iowa
Durant, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dyersville, Iowa
Dyersville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Dysart, Iowa
Dysart, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Eagle Grove, Iowa
Eagle Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Earlham, Iowa
Earlham, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Earling, Iowa
Earling, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Earlville, Iowa
Earlville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Early, Iowa
Early, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

East Peru, Iowa
East Peru, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Eddyville, Iowa
Eddyville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Edgewood, Iowa
Edgewood, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elberon, Iowa
Elberon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Eldon, Iowa
Eldon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Eldora, Iowa
Eldora, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Eldridge, Iowa
Eldridge, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elgin, Iowa
Elgin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elk Horn, Iowa
Elk Horn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elk Run Heights, Iowa
Elk Run Heights, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elkader, Iowa
Elkader, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elkhart, Iowa
Elkhart, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elkport, Iowa
Elkport, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elliott, Iowa
Elliott, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ellston, Iowa
Ellston, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ellsworth, Iowa
Ellsworth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elma, Iowa
Elma, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Elvira, Iowa
Elvira, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ely, Iowa
Ely, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Emerson, Iowa
Emerson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Emmetsburg, Iowa
Emmetsburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Epworth, Iowa
Epworth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Essex, Iowa
Essex, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Estherville, Iowa
Estherville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Evansdale, Iowa
Evansdale, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Everly, Iowa
Everly, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Exira, Iowa
Exira, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Exline, Iowa
Exline, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fairbank, Iowa
Fairbank, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fairfax, Iowa
Fairfax, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fairfield, Iowa
Fairfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Farley, Iowa
Farley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Farmersburg, Iowa
Farmersburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Farmington, Iowa
Farmington, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Farnhamville, Iowa
Farnhamville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Farragut, Iowa
Farragut, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fayette, Iowa
Fayette, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fenton, Iowa
Fenton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ferguson, Iowa
Ferguson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fertile, Iowa
Fertile, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Floris, Iowa
Floris, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Floyd, Iowa
Floyd, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fonda, Iowa
Fonda, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fontanelle, Iowa
Fontanelle, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Forest City, Iowa
Forest City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fort Atkinson, Iowa
Fort Atkinson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fort Dodge, Iowa
Fort Dodge, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fort Madison, Iowa
Fort Madison, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fostoria, Iowa
Fostoria, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Franklin, Iowa
Franklin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fraser, Iowa
Fraser, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fredericksburg, Iowa
Fredericksburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Frederika, Iowa
Frederika, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fredonia, Iowa
Fredonia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fremont, Iowa
Fremont, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Fruitland, Iowa
Fruitland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Galt, Iowa
Galt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Galva, Iowa
Galva, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Garber, Iowa
Garber, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Garden Grove, Iowa
Garden Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Garnavillo, Iowa
Garnavillo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Garner, Iowa
Garner, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Garrison, Iowa
Garrison, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Garwin, Iowa
Garwin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Geneva, Iowa
Geneva, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

George, Iowa
George is a city Iowa in United States.

Gibson, Iowa
Gibson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gilbert, Iowa
Gilbert, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gilbertville, Iowa
Gilbertville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gillett Grove, Iowa
Gillett Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gilman, Iowa
Gilman, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gilmore City, Iowa
Gilmore City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gladbrook, Iowa
Gladbrook, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Glenwood, Iowa
Glenwood, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Glidden, Iowa
Glidden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Goldfield, Iowa
Goldfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Goodell, Iowa
Goodell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Goose Lake, Iowa
Goose Lake, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gowrie, Iowa
Gowrie, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Graettinger, Iowa
Graettinger, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Graf, Iowa
Graf, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grafton, Iowa
Grafton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grand Junction, Iowa
Grand Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grand Mound, Iowa
Grand Mound, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grand River, Iowa
Grand River, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grandview, Iowa
Grandview, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Granger, Iowa
Granger, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grant, Iowa
Grant, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Granville, Iowa
Granville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gravity, Iowa
Gravity, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gray, Iowa
Gray, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Greeley, Iowa
Greeley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Greene, Iowa
Greene, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Greenfield, Iowa
Greenfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Greenville, Iowa
Greenville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grimes, Iowa
Grimes, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grinnell, Iowa
Grinnell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Griswold, Iowa
Griswold, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Grundy Center, Iowa
Grundy Center, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Gruver, Iowa
Gruver, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Guernsey, Iowa
Guernsey, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Guthrie Center, Iowa
Guthrie Center, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Guttenberg, Iowa
Guttenberg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Halbur, Iowa
Halbur, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hamburg, Iowa
Hamburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hamilton, Iowa
Hamilton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hampton, Iowa
Hampton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hancock, Iowa
Hancock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hanlontown, Iowa
Hanlontown, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hansell, Iowa
Hansell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Harcourt, Iowa
Harcourt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hardy, Iowa
Hardy, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Harlan, Iowa
Harlan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Harper, Iowa
Harper, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Harpers Ferry, Iowa
Harpers Ferry, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Harris, Iowa
Harris, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hartford, Iowa
Hartford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hartley, Iowa
Hartley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hartwick, Iowa
Hartwick, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Harvey, Iowa
Harvey, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hastings, Iowa
Hastings, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Havelock, Iowa
Havelock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Haverhill, Iowa
Haverhill, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hawarden, Iowa
Hawarden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hawkeye, Iowa
Hawkeye, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hayesville, Iowa
Hayesville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hazleton, Iowa
Hazleton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hedrick, Iowa
Hedrick, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Henderson, Iowa
Henderson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hepburn, Iowa
Hepburn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hiawatha, Iowa
Hiawatha, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hills, Iowa
Hills, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hillsboro, Iowa
Hillsboro, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hinton, Iowa
Hinton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Holland, Iowa
Holland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Holstein, Iowa
Holstein, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Holy Cross, Iowa
Holy Cross, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hopkinton, Iowa
Hopkinton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hornick, Iowa
Hornick, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hospers, Iowa
Hospers, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Houghton, Iowa
Houghton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hubbard, Iowa
Hubbard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hudson, Iowa
Hudson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Hull, Iowa
Hull, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Humboldt, Iowa
Humboldt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Humeston, Iowa
Humeston, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Huxley, Iowa
Huxley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ida Grove, Iowa
Ida Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Imogene, Iowa
Imogene, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Independence, Iowa
Independence, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Indianola, Iowa
Indianola, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Inwood, Iowa
Inwood, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ionia, Iowa
Ionia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Iowa City, Iowa
Iowa City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Iowa Falls, Iowa
Iowa Falls, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ireton, Iowa
Ireton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Irwin, Iowa
Irwin is a city Iowa in United States.

Jackson Junction, Iowa
Jackson Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Jamaica, Iowa
Jamaica, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Janesville, Iowa
Janesville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Jefferson, Iowa
Jefferson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Jesup, Iowa
Jesup, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Jewell Junction, Iowa
Jewell Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Johnston, Iowa
Johnston, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Joice, Iowa
Joice, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Jolley, Iowa
Jolley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kalona, Iowa
Kalona, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kamrar, Iowa
Kamrar, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kanawha, Iowa
Kanawha, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kellerton, Iowa
Kellerton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kelley, Iowa
Kelley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kellogg, Iowa
Kellogg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kensett, Iowa
Kensett, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kent, Iowa
Kent, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Keokuk, Iowa
Keokuk, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Keomah Village, Iowa
Keomah Village, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Keosauqua, Iowa
Keosauqua, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Keota, Iowa
Keota, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Keswick, Iowa
Keswick, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Keystone, Iowa
Keystone, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kimballton, Iowa
Kimballton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kingsley, Iowa
Kingsley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kinross, Iowa
Kinross, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kirkman, Iowa
Kirkman, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kirkville, Iowa
Kirkville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Kiron, Iowa
Kiron, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Klemme, Iowa
Klemme, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Knierim, Iowa
Knierim, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Knoxville, Iowa
Knoxville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

La Motte, Iowa
La Motte, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

La Porte City, Iowa
La Porte City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lacona, Iowa
Lacona, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ladora, Iowa
Ladora, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lake City, Iowa
Lake City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lake Mills, Iowa
Lake Mills, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lake Park, Iowa
Lake Park, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lake View, Iowa
Lake View, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lakeside, Iowa
Lakeside, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lakota, Iowa
Lakota, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lambs Grove, Iowa
Lambs Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lamoni, Iowa
Lamoni, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lamont, Iowa
Lamont, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lanesboro, Iowa
Lanesboro, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lansing, Iowa
Lansing, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Larchwood, Iowa
Larchwood, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Larrabee, Iowa
Larrabee, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Latimer, Iowa
Latimer, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Laurel, Iowa
Laurel, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Laurens, Iowa
Laurens, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lawler, Iowa
Lawler, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lawton, Iowa
Lawton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Le Claire, Iowa
Le Claire, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Led, Iowa
Led, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Le Mars, Iowa
Le Mars, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Le Roy, Iowa
Le Roy, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ledyard, Iowa
Ledyard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lehigh, Iowa
Lehigh, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Leighton, Iowa
Leighton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Leland, Iowa
Leland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lenox, Iowa
Lenox, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Leon, Iowa
Leon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lester, Iowa
Lester, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Letts, Iowa
Letts, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lewis, Iowa
Lewis, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Libertyville, Iowa
Libertyville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lidderdale, Iowa
Lidderdale, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lime Springs, Iowa
Lime Springs, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lincoln, Iowa
Lincoln, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Linden, Iowa
Linden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lineville, Iowa
Lineville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Linn Grove, Iowa
Linn Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lisbon, Iowa
Lisbon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Liscomb, Iowa
Liscomb, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Little Rock, Iowa
Little Rock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Little Sioux, Iowa
Little Sioux, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Littleport, Iowa
Littleport, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Livermore, Iowa
Livermore, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lockridge, Iowa
Lockridge, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Logan, Iowa
Logan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lohrville, Iowa
Lohrville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lone Rock, Iowa
Lone Rock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lone Tree, Iowa
Lone Tree, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Long Grove, Iowa
Long Grove, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lorimor, Iowa
Lorimor, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lost Nation, Iowa
Lost Nation, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lovilia, Iowa
Lovilia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Low Moor, Iowa
Low Moor, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lowden, Iowa
Lowden is a city Iowa in United States.

Lu Verne, Iowa
Lu Verne, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Luana, Iowa
Luana, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lucas, Iowa
Lucas, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Luther, Iowa
Luther, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Luxemburg, Iowa
Luxemburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Luzerne, Iowa
Luzerne, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lynnville, Iowa
Lynnville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Lytton, Iowa
Lytton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Macedonia, Iowa
Macedonia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Macksburg, Iowa
Macksburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Madrid, Iowa
Madrid, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Magnolia, Iowa
Magnolia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Malcom, Iowa
Malcom, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mallard, Iowa
Mallard is a city Iowa in United States.

Maloy, Iowa
Maloy, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Malvern, Iowa
Malvern, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Manchester, Iowa
Manchester, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Manilla, Iowa
Manilla, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Manly, Iowa
Manly, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Manning, Iowa
Manning, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Manson, Iowa
Manson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mapleton, Iowa
Mapleton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Maquoketa, Iowa
Maquoketa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marathon, Iowa
Marathon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Archibald Hill
Archibald Hill  was an mathematician.

Marble Rock, Iowa
Marble Rock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marcus, Iowa
Marcus, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marengo, Iowa
Marengo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marion, Iowa
Marion, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marne, Iowa
Marne, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Death's-head Hawkmoth
The Death's-head Hawkmoth is types moth.

Marquette, Iowa
Marquette, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marshalltown, Iowa
Marshalltown, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Martelle, Iowa
Martelle, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Martensdale, Iowa
Martensdale, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Martinsburg, Iowa
Martinsburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Marysville, Iowa
Marysville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mason City, Iowa
Mason City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Masonville, Iowa
Masonville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Massena, Iowa
Massena, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Matlock, Iowa
Matlock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Maurice, Iowa
Maurice, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Maxwell, Iowa
Maxwell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Maynard, Iowa
Maynard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Maysville, Iowa
Maysville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

McCallsburg, Iowa
McCallsburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

McCausland, Iowa
McCausland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

McClelland, Iowa
McClelland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Otto Fritz Meyerhof
Otto Fritz Meyerhof  was a doctor.

Frederick Banting
Frederickt Banting  was an doctor.

John James Richard Macleod
John James Richard Macleod  was an physiologist.

Post Office Protocol
In computing, Post Office Protocol version 3  is an application-layeret standard protocol used by local e-mail clients to get e-mail from a remote server over a IP connection.

George Weah
George Weah  is a football player.

Naohiro Takahara
Naohiro Takahara  is a football player.

Shunsuke Nakamura
Shunsuke Nakamura  is a football player.

Romário
Romário  is a football player.

Fernando Hierro
Fernando Hierro  is a football player.

Andriy Shevchenko
Andriy Shevchenko  is a football player.

Megapode
The megapodes, also known as incubator birds mound-builders, are stocky, medium-large chicken-like birds with headse feet in family Megapodiidae, typically building a compostlike mound decaying vegetation as an incubator forir eggs.

Super Bowl XXXVII
Super Bowl XXXVII was thirty-seventh Super Bowl to happen.

Lysosome
Lyosomes areganelles found in cytoplasm.

Acherontia atropos
"Acherontia atropos" is widely-known three species Death's-head Hawkmoth.

Acherontia styx
"Acherontia styx" is a Sphingid moth found in Asia, three species Death's-head Hawkmoth, also known as "Bee Robber".

Acherontia lachesis
"Acherontia lachesis" is ae  Sphingid moth found in India much Oriental region, three species Death's-head Hawkmoth, also known as "Bee Robber".

Xylophanes amadis
"Xylophanes amadis" ise moth Family Sphingidae.

Territory
A territory  is an area which belongs to a person,ganization, institution, animal state.

Sphingidae
Sphingidae is a family moths , commonly known as hawk moths, sphinx moths hornworms, that includes about 1,200 species .

Acosmeryx socrates
"Acosmeryx socrates" is a moth Sphingidae family.

Isognathus rimosus
The Rimosus Sphinx  is a moth Sphingidae family.

Scarlino
Scarlino is a "comune"  in Province Grosseto in regiony, located about 100 km southwest Florence about 25 km northwest Grosseto.

Takin
The Takin  is a goat-antelope found in Himalayas, Sikkim, northern Assam, northern Burma, central southern China.

Ryanair
Ryanair is an airline, started in 1985.

Ford Crown Victoria
The Ford Crown Victoria is ae, rear wheel powered automobile.

Mira
Mira is a binary star system with a white dwarf  star a red giant .

Ferry Corsten
Ferry Corsten is a musical artist that creates music in electronica trance varieties.

Mimicry
Mimicry happens when a groupganisms, called "mimics", have common perceived characteristics with another group, called "models", through selective action a "signal-receiver" "dupe".

Beehive
A beehive is an enclosed structure in which species honey bees  live raiseir young.

Circe
Circe was a sorceress who trapped Odysseus made him her lover.

Raccoon Dog
The Raccoon Dog  is a member canid family is indigenous to east Asia.

Sócrates
Sócrates  is a football player.

Atsushi Yanagisawa
Atsushi Yanagisawa  is a football player.

Ian Harte
Ian Harte  is a football player.

Damien Duff
Damien Duff  is a football player.

Shay Given
Shay Given  is a football player.

Dragan Stojković
Dragan Stojković  is a  football player.

Tsuneyasu Miyamoto
Tsuneyasu Miyamoto  is a football player.

Filippo Inzaghi
Filippo Inzaghi  is an football player.

Uranus (mythology)
Uranusos is a Greek god sky heavens.

Chyjice
Chyjice Village is located in district Jičín, Hradec Kralove region.

Kenny Miller
Kenneth "Kenny" Miller, born 23 December 1979 in Edinburgh, is a footballer playing for Premier League side Rangers national team.

Communes Gironde department
There are 542 communes in Gironde "département", ince.

José de Espronceda
José de Espronceda, baptised José Ignacio Javier Oriol Encarnación de Espronceda y Delgado  was among important romanticist poets century.

Bossugan
Bossugan is a commune.

Bouliac
Bouliac is a commune.

Bourdelles
Bourdelles is a commune.

Bourg, Gironde
Bourg, Gironde is a commune.

Bourideys
Bourideys is a commune.

Brach
Brach is a commune.

Branne, Gironde
Branne, Gironde is a commune.

Brannens
Brannens is a commune.

Braud-et-Saint-Louis
Braud-et-Saint-Louis is a commune.

Brouqueyran
Brouqueyran is a commune.

Bruges, Gironde
Bruges, Gironde is a commune.

Budos
Budos is a commune.

Bègles
Bègles is a commune.

Bégadan
Bégadan is a commune.

Béguey
Béguey is a commune.

Cabanac-et-Villagrains
Cabanac-et-Villagrains is a commune.

Cabara
Cabara is a commune.

Cadarsac
Cadarsac is a commune.

Cadaujac
Cadaujac is a commune.

Cadillac, Gironde
Cadillac, Gironde is a commune.

Cadillac-en-Fronsadais
Cadillac-en-Fronsadais is a commune.

Camarsac
Camarsac is a commune.

Cambes, Gironde
Cambes, Gironde is a commune.

Camblanes-et-Meynac
Camblanes-et-Meynac is a commune.

Camiac-et-Saint-Denis
Camiac-et-Saint-Denis is a commune.

Camiran
Camiran is a commune.

Camps-sur-l'Isle
Camps-sur-l'Isle is a commune.

Campugnan
Campugnan is a commune.

Cantenac
Cantenac is a commune.

Cantois
Cantois is a commune.

Canéjan
Canéjan is a commune.

Capian
Capian is a commune.

Caplong
Caplong is a commune.

Captieux
Captieux is a commune.

Carbonc
Carbonc is a commune.

Carcans
Carcans is a commune.

Cardan, Gironde
Cardan, Gironde is a commune.

Carignan-de-Bordeaux
Carignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune.

Cars, Gironde
Cars, Gironde is a commune.

Cartelègue
Cartelègue is a commune.

Casseuil
Casseuil is a commune.

Castelmoron-d'Albret
Castelmoron-d'Albret is a commune.

Castelnau-de-Médoc
Castelnau-de-Médoc is a commune.

Castelviel
Castelviel is a commune.

Castets-en-Dorthe
Castets-en-Dorthe is a commune.

Castillon-de-Castets
Castillon-de-Castets is a commune.

Castillon-la-Bataille
Castillon-la-Bataille is a commune.

Castres-Gironde
Castres-Gironde is a commune.

Caudrot
Caudrot is a commune.

Caumont, Gironde
Caumont, Gironde is a commune.

Cauvignac
Cauvignac is a commune.

Cavignac
Cavignac is a commune.

Cazalis, Gironde
Cazalis, Gironde is a commune.

Cazats
Cazats is a commune.

Cazaugitat
Cazaugitat is a commune.

Cenon
Cenon is a commune.

Cessac
Cessac is a commune.

Cestas
Cestas is a commune.

Chamadelle
Chamadelle is a commune.

Cissac-Médoc
Cissac-Médoc is a commune.

Civrac-de-Blaye
Civrac-de-Blaye is a commune.

Civrac-en-Médoc
Civrac-en-Médoc is a commune.

Civrac-sur-Dordogne
Civrac-sur-Dordogne is a commune.

Cleyrac
Cleyrac is a commune.

Coimères
Coimères is a commune.

Coirac
Coirac is a commune.

Comps, Gironde
Comps, Gironde is a commune.

Coubeyrac
Coubeyrac is a commune.

Couquèques
Couquèques is a commune.

Courpiac
Courpiac is a commune.

Cours-de-Monségur
Cours-de-Monségur is a commune.

Cours-les-Bains
Cours-les-Bains is a commune.

Coutras
Coutras is a commune.

Coutures, Gironde
Coutures, Gironde is a commune.

Croignon
Croignon is a commune.

Créon
Créon is a commune.

Cubnezais
Cubnezais is a commune.

Cubzac-les-Ponts
Cubzac-les-Ponts is a commune.

Cudos, Gironde
Cudos, Gironde is a commune.

Cursan
Cursan is a commune.

Cussac-Fort-Médoc
Cussac-Fort-Médoc is a commune.

Cénac
Cénac is a commune.

Cérons
Cérons is a commune.

Cézac, Gironde
Cézac, Gironde is a commune.

Daignac
Daignac is a commune.

Dardenac
Dardenac is a commune.

Daubèze
Daubèze is a commune.

Dieulivol
Dieulivol is a commune.

Donnezac
Donnezac is a commune.

Donzac, Gironde
Donzac, Gironde is a commune.

Doulezon
Doulezon is a commune.

Escaudes
Escaudes is a commune.

Escoussans
Escoussans is a commune.

Espiet
Espiet is a commune.

Eynesse
Eynesse is a commune.

Eyrans
Eyrans is a commune.

Eysines
Eysines is a commune.

Faleyras
Faleyras is a commune.

Fargues, Gironde
Fargues, Gironde is a commune.

Fargues-Saint-Hilaire
Fargues-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.

Flaujagues
Flaujagues is a commune.

Floirac, Gironde
Floirac, Gironde is a commune.

Floudès
Floudès is a commune.

Fontet
Fontet is a commune.

Fossès-et-Baleyssac
Fossès-et-Baleyssac is a commune.

Fours, Gironde
Fours, Gironde is a commune.

Francs, Gironde
Francs, Gironde is a commune.

Fronsac, Gironde
Fronsac, Gironde is a commune.

Frontenac, Gironde
Frontenac, Gironde is a commune.

Gabarnac
Gabarnac is a commune.

Gaillan-en-Médoc
Gaillan-en-Médoc is a commune.

Gajac, Gironde
Gajac, Gironde is a commune.

Galgon
Galgon is a commune.

Gans, Gironde
Gans, Gironde is a commune.

Gardegan-et-Tourtirac
Gardegan-et-Tourtirac is a commune.

Gauriac
Gauriac is a commune.

Gauriaguet
Gauriaguet is a commune.

Gensac, Gironde
Gensac, Gironde is a commune.

Gironde-sur-Dropt
Gironde-sur-Dropt is a commune.

Giscos
Giscos is a commune.

Gornac
Gornac is a commune.

Goualade
Goualade is a commune.

Gours, Gironde
Gours, Gironde is a commune.

Gradignan
Gradignan is a commune.

Grayan-et-l'Hôpital
Grayan-et-l'Hôpital is a commune.

Grignols, Gironde
Grignols, Gironde is a commune.

Grézillac
Grézillac is a commune.

Guillac, Gironde
Guillac, Gironde is a commune.

Guillos
Guillos is a commune.

Gujan-Mestras
Gujan-Mestras is a commune.

Guîtres
Guîtres is a commune.

Génissac
Génissac is a commune.

Générac, Gironde
Générac, Gironde is a commune.

Haux, Gironde
Haux, Gironde is a commune.

Hostens
Hostens is a commune.

Hourtin
Hourtin is a commune.

Hure
Hure is a commune.

Illats
Illats is a commune.

Isle-Saint-Georges
Isle-Saint-Georges is a commune.

Izon
Izon is a commune.

Jau-Dignac-et-Loirac
Jau-Dignac-et-Loirac is a commune.

Jugazan
Jugazan is a commune.

Juillac, Gironde
Juillac, Gironde is a commune.

La Brède
La Brède is a commune.

La Lande-de-Fronsac
La Lande-de-Fronsac is a commune.

La Rivière, Gironde
La Rivière, Gironde is a commune.

La Roquille
La Roquille is a commune.

La Réole
La Réole is a commune.

La Sauve
La Sauve is a commune.

La Teste-de-Buch
La Teste-de-Buch is a commune.

Labarde
Labarde is a commune.

Labescau
Labescau is a commune.

Lacanau
Lacanau is a commune.

Ladaux
Ladaux is a commune.

Lados
Lados is a commune.

Lagorce, Gironde
Lagorce, Gironde is a commune.

Lalande-de-Pomerol
Lalande-de-Pomerol is a commune.

Lamarque
Lamarque is a commune.

Lamothe-Landerron
Lamothe-Landerron is a commune.

Landerrouat
Landerrouat is a commune.

Landerrouet-sur-Ségur
Landerrouet-sur-Ségur is a commune.

Landiras
Landiras is a commune.

Langoiran
Langoiran is a commune.

Langon, Gironde
Langon, Gironde is a commune.

Lansac, Gironde
Lansac, Gironde is a commune.

Lanton, Gironde
Lanton, Gironde is a commune.

Lapouyade
Lapouyade is a commune.

Laroque, Gironde
Laroque, Gironde is a commune.

Lartigue, Gironde
Lartigue, Gironde is a commune.

Laruscade
Laruscade is a commune.

Latresne
Latresne is a commune.

Lavazan
Lavazan is a commune.

Le Barp
Le Barp is a commune.

Le Bouscat
Le Bouscat is a commune.

Le Fieu
Le Fieu is a commune.

Le
Le is a commune.

Le
Le is a commune.

Le-Médoc
Le-Médoc is a commune.

Le-sur-Garonne
Le-sur-Garonne is a commune.

Le Porge
Le Porge is a commune.

Le Pout
Le Pout is a commune.

Le Puy, Gironde
Le Puy, Gironde is a commune.

Le-Médoc
Le-Médoc is a commune.

Le Teich
Le Teich is a commune.

Le Temple, Gironde
Le Temple, Gironde is a commune.

Le Tourne
Le Tourne is a commune.

Le
Le is a commune.

Le Verdon-sur-Mer
Le Verdon-sur-Mer is a commune.

Lerm-et-Musset
Lerm-et-Musset is a commune.

Les Artigues-de-Lussac
Les Artigues-de-Lussac is a commune.

Les Billaux
Les Billaux is a commune.

Les Esseintes
Les Esseintes is a commune.

Les Lèves-et-Thoumeyragues
Les Lèves-et-Thoumeyragues is a commune.

Les Peintures
Les Peintures is a commune.

Les Salles-de-Castillon
Les Salles-de-Castillon is a commune.

Les Églisottes-et-Chalaures
Les Églisottes-et-Chalaures is a commune.

Lesparre-Médoc
Lesparre-Médoc is a commune.

Lestiac-sur-Garonne
Lestiac-sur-Garonne is a commune.

Lignan-de-Bazas
Lignan-de-Bazas is a commune.

Lignan-de-Bordeaux
Lignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune.

Ligueux, Gironde
Ligueux, Gironde is a commune.

Listrac-Médoc
Listrac-Médoc is a commune.

Listrac-de-Durèze
Listrac-de-Durèze is a commune.

Lormont
Lormont is a commune.

Loubens, Gironde
Loubens, Gironde is a commune.

Louchats
Louchats is a commune.

Loupes
Loupes is a commune.

Loupiac, Gironde
Loupiac, Gironde is a commune.

Loupiac-de-la-Réole
Loupiac-de-la-Réole is a commune.

Lucmau
Lucmau is a commune.

Ludon-Médoc
Ludon-Médoc is a commune.

Lugaignac
Lugaignac is a commune.

Lugasson
Lugasson is a commune.

Lugon-et-l'Île-du-Carnay
Lugon-et-l'Île-du-Carnay is a commune.

Lugos
Lugos is a commune.

Lussac, Gironde
Lussac, Gironde is a commune.

Lège-Cap-Ferret
Lège-Cap-Ferret is a commune.

Léogeats
Léogeats is a commune.

Léognan
Léognan is a commune.

Macau, Gironde
Macau, Gironde is a commune.

Madirac
Madirac is a commune.

Maransin, Gironde
Maransin, Gironde is a commune.

Marcenais
Marcenais is a commune.

Marcheprime
Marcheprime is a commune.

Marcillac
Marcillac is a commune.

Margaux
Margaux is a commune.

Margueron
Margueron is a commune.

Marimbault
Marimbault is a commune.

Marions
Marions is a commune.

Marsas, Gironde
Marsas, Gironde is a commune.

Martignas-sur-Jalle
Martignas-sur-Jalle is a commune.

Martillac
Martillac is a commune.

Martres
Martres is a commune.

Masseilles
Masseilles is a commune.

Massugas
Massugas is a commune.

Mauriac, Gironde
Mauriac, Gironde is a commune.

Mazion
Mazion is a commune.

Mazères, Gironde
Mazères, Gironde is a commune.

Mesterrieux
Mesterrieux is a commune.

Mios
Mios is a commune.

Mombrier
Mombrier is a commune.

Mongauzy
Mongauzy is a commune.

Monprimblanc
Monprimblanc is a commune.

Monségur, Gironde
Monségur, Gironde is a commune.

Montagne, Gironde
Montagne, Gironde is a commune.

Montagoudin
Montagoudin is a commune.

Montignac, Gironde
Montignac, Gironde is a commune.

Montussan
Montussan is a commune.

Morizès
Morizès is a commune.

Mouillac, Gironde
Mouillac, Gironde is a commune.

Mouliets-et-Villemartin
Mouliets-et-Villemartin is a commune.

Moulis-en-Médoc
Moulis-en-Médoc is a commune.

Moulon, Gironde
Moulon, Gironde is a commune.

Mourens
Mourens is a commune.

Mérignac, Gironde
Mérignac, Gironde is a commune.

Mérignas
Mérignas is a commune.

Naujac-sur-Mer
Naujac-sur-Mer is a commune.

Naujan-et-Postiac
Naujan-et-Postiac is a commune.

Neuffons
Neuffons is a commune.

Noaillac
Noaillac is a commune.

Noaillan
Noaillan is a commune.

Néac
Néac is a commune.

Nérigean
Nérigean is a commune.

Omet
Omet is a commune.

Ordonnac
Ordonnac is a commune.

Origne
Origne is a commune.

Paillet
Paillet is a commune.

Parempuyre
Parempuyre is a commune.

Pauillac
Pauillac is a commune.

Pellegrue
Pellegrue is a commune.

Pessac
Pessac is a commune.

Pessac-sur-Dordogne
Pessac-sur-Dordogne is a commune.

Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune.

Peujard
Peujard is a commune.

Pineuilh
Pineuilh is a commune.

Plassac, Gironde
Plassac, Gironde is a commune.

Pleine-Selve, Gironde
Pleine-Selve, Gironde is a commune.

Podensac
Podensac is a commune.

Pomerol
Pomerol is a commune.

Pompignac
Pompignac is a commune.

Pompéjac
Pompéjac is a commune.

Pondaurat
Pondaurat is a commune.

Porchères
Porchères is a commune.

Portets
Portets is a commune.

Preignac
Preignac is a commune.

Prignac-en-Médoc
Prignac-en-Médoc is a commune.

Prignac-et-Marcamps
Prignac-et-Marcamps is a commune.

Préchac, Gironde
Préchac, Gironde is a commune.

Pugnac
Pugnac is a commune.

Puisseguin
Puisseguin is a commune.

Pujols, Gironde
Pujols, Gironde is a commune.

Pujols-sur-Ciron
Pujols-sur-Ciron is a commune.

Puybarban
Puybarban is a commune.

Puynormand
Puynormand is a commune.

Périssac
Périssac is a commune.

Queyrac
Queyrac is a commune.

Quinsac, Gironde
Quinsac, Gironde is a commune.

Rauzan
Rauzan is a commune.

Reignac, Gironde
Reignac, Gironde is a commune.

Rimons
Rimons is a commune.

Riocaud
Riocaud is a commune.

Rions
Rions is a commune.

Roaillan
Roaillan is a commune.

Romagne, Gironde
Romagne, Gironde is a commune.

Roquebrune, Gironde
Roquebrune, Gironde is a commune.

Ruch
Ruch is a commune.

Sablons, Gironde
Sablons, Gironde is a commune.

Sadirac
Sadirac is a commune.

Saillans, Gironde
Saillans, Gironde is a commune.

Saint, Gironde
Saint, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Androny
Saint-Androny is a commune.

Saint-André-de-Cubzac
Saint-André-de-Cubzac is a commune.

Saint-André-du-Bois
Saint-André-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-André-et-Appelles
Saint-André-et-Appelles is a commune.

Saint-Antoine, Gironde
Saint-Antoine, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune.

Saint-Antoine-sur-l'Isle
Saint-Antoine-sur-l'Isle is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-de-Blaye
Saint-Aubin-de-Blaye is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-dene
Saint-Aubin-dene is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-de-Médoc
Saint-Aubin-de-Médoc is a commune.

Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire
Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire is a commune.

Saint-Avit-de-Soulège
Saint-Avit-de-Soulège is a commune.

Saint-Brice, Gironde
Saint-Brice, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune.

Saint-Caprais-de-Bordeaux
Saint-Caprais-de-Bordeaux is a commune.

Saint-Christoly-Médoc
Saint-Christoly-Médoc is a commune.

Saint-Christoly-de-Blaye
Saint-Christoly-de-Blaye is a commune.

Saint-Christophe-de-Double
Saint-Christophe-de-Double is a commune.

Saint-Christophe-des-Bardes
Saint-Christophe-des-Bardes is a commune.

Saint-Cibard
Saint-Cibard is a commune.

Saint-Ciers-d'Abzac
Saint-Ciers-d'Abzac is a commune.

Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune.

Saint-Ciers-sur-Gironde
Saint-Ciers-sur-Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Côme
Saint-Côme is a commune.

Saint-Denis-de-Pile
Saint-Denis-de-Pile is a commune.

Saint-Estèphe
Saint-Estèphe is a commune.

Saint-Exupéry, Gironde
Saint-Exupéry, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Ferme
Saint-Ferme is a commune.

Saint-Félix-de-Foncaude
Saint-Félix-de-Foncaude is a commune.

Saint-Genis-du-Bois
Saint-Genis-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Genès-de-Blaye
Saint-Genès-de-Blaye is a commune.

Saint-Genès-de-Castillon
Saint-Genès-de-Castillon is a commune.

Saint-Genès-de-Fronsac
Saint-Genès-de-Fronsac is a commune.

Saint-Genès-de-Lombaud
Saint-Genès-de-Lombaud is a commune.

Saint-Germain-d'Esteuil
Saint-Germain-d'Esteuil is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-Grave
Saint-Germain-de-Grave is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivière
Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivière is a commune.

Saint-Germain-du-Puch
Saint-Germain-du-Puch is a commune.

Saint-Gervais, Gironde
Saint-Gervais, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Girons-d'Aiguevives
Saint-Girons-d'Aiguevives is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-de-la-Noaille
Saint-Hilaire-de-la-Noaille is a commune.

Saint-Hilaire-du-Bois, Gironde
Saint-Hilaire-du-Bois, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Hippolyte, Gironde
Saint-Hippolyte, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-d'Illac
Saint-d'Illac is a commune.

Saint-de-Blaignac
Saint-de-Blaignac is a commune.

Saint-Julien-Beychevelle
Saint-Julien-Beychevelle is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-Médoc
Saint-Laurent-Médoc is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-d'Arce
Saint-Laurent-d'Arce is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-des-Combes, Gironde
Saint-Laurent-des-Combes, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-du-Bois
Saint-Laurent-du-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-du
Saint-Laurent-du is a commune.

Saint-Loubert
Saint-Loubert is a commune.

Saint-Loubès
Saint-Loubès is a commune.

Saint-Louis-ded
Saint-Louis-ded is a commune.

Saint-Léger-de-Balson
Saint-Léger-de-Balson is a commune.

Saint-Léon, Gironde
Saint-Léon, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Macaire
Saint-Macaire is a commune.

Saint-Magne
Saint-Magne is a commune.

Saint-Magne-de-Castillon
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune.

Saintt, Gironde
Saintt, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Mariens
Saint-Mariens is a commune.

Saint-Martial, Gironde
Saint-Martial, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Lacaussade
Saint-Martin-Lacaussade is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Laye
Saint-Martin-de-Laye is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Lerm
Saint-Martin-de-Lerm is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Sescas
Saint-Martin-de-Sescas is a commune.

Saint-Martin-du-Bois, Gironde
Saint-Martin-du-Bois, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Martin-du-Puy
Saint-Martin-du-Puy is a commune.

Saint-Michel-de-Castelnau
Saint-Michel-de-Castelnau is a commune.

Saint-Michel-de-Fronsac
Saint-Michel-de-Fronsac is a commune.

Saint-Michel-de-Lapujade
Saint-Michel-de-Lapujade is a commune.

Saint-Michel-de-Rieufret
Saint-Michel-de-Rieufret is a commune.

Saint-Morillon
Saint-Morillon is a commune.

Saint-Médard-d'Eyrans
Saint-Médard-d'Eyrans is a commune.

Saint-Médard-de-Guizières
Saint-Médard-de-Guizières is a commune.

Saint-Médard-en-Jalles
Saint-Médard-en-Jalles is a commune.

Saint-Palais, Gironde
Saint-Palais, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Pardon-de-Conques
Saint-Pardon-de-Conques is a commune.

Saint-Paul, Gironde
Saint-Paul, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Pey-d'Armens
Saint-Pey-d'Armens is a commune.

Saint-Pey-de-Castets
Saint-Pey-de-Castets is a commune.

Saint-Philippe-d'Aiguille
Saint-Philippe-d'Aiguille is a commune.

Saint-Philippe-du-Seignal
Saint-Philippe-du-Seignal is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-d'Aurillac
Saint-Pierre-d'Aurillac is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-de-Bat
Saint-Pierre-de-Bat is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-de-Mons
Saint-Pierre-de-Mons is a commune.

Saint-Quentin-de-Baron
Saint-Quentin-de-Baron is a commune.

Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong
Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong is a commune.

Saint-Romain-la-Virvée
Saint-Romain-la-Virvée is a commune.

Saint-Sauveur, Gironde
Saint-Sauveur, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Sauveur-ded
Saint-Sauveur-ded is a commune.

Saint-Savin, Gironde
Saint-Savin, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Selve
Saint-Selve is a commune.

Saint-Seurin-de-Bourg
Saint-Seurin-de-Bourg is a commune.

Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne
Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne is a commune.

Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac
Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac is a commune.

Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle
Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle is a commune.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Faleyrens
Saint-Sulpice-de-Faleyrens is a commune.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Guilleragues
Saint-Sulpice-de-Guilleragues is a commune.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Pommiers
Saint-Sulpice-de-Pommiers is a commune.

Saint-Sulpice-et-Cameyrac
Saint-Sulpice-et-Cameyrac is a commune.

Saint-Symphorien, Gironde
Saint-Symphorien, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Sève
Saint-Sève is a commune.

Saint
Saint is a commune.

Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Gironde
Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Gironde is a commune.

Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas
Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas is a commune.

Saint-Vivien-de-Blaye
Saint-Vivien-de-Blaye is a commune.

Saint-Vivien-de-Monségur
Saint-Vivien-de-Monségur is a commune.

Saint-Vivien-de-Médoc
Saint-Vivien-de-Médoc is a commune.

Saint-de-Soudiac
Saint-de-Soudiac is a commune.

Saints-de-Médoc
Saints-de-Médoc is a commune.

Saint-Émilion
Saint-Émilion is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-de-Lisse
Saint-Étienne-de-Lisse is a commune.

Sainte-Colombe, Gironde
Sainte-Colombe, Gironde is a commune.

Sainte-Croix-du-Mont
Sainte-Croix-du-Mont is a commune.

Sainte-Eulalie, Gironde
Sainte-Eulalie, Gironde is a commune.

Sainte-Florence, Gironde
Sainte-Florence, Gironde is a commune.

Sainte-Foy-lade
Sainte-Foy-lade is a commune.

Sainte-Foy-la-Longue
Sainte-Foy-la-Longue is a commune.

Sainte-Gemme, Gironde
Sainte-Gemme, Gironde is a commune.

Sainte-Hélène, Gironde
Sainte-Hélène, Gironde is a commune.

Sainte-Radegonde, Gironde
Sainte-Radegonde, Gironde is a commune.

Sainte-Terre
Sainte-Terre is a commune.

Salaunes
Salaunes is a commune.

Salignac, Gironde
Salignac, Gironde is a commune.

Sallebœuf
Sallebœuf is a commune.

Salles, Gironde
Salles, Gironde is a commune.

Samonac
Samonac is a commune.

Saucats
Saucats is a commune.

Saugon
Saugon is a commune.

Saumos
Saumos is a commune.

Sauternes
Sauternes is a commune.

Sauveterre-de-Guyenne
Sauveterre-de-Guyenne is a commune.

Sauviac, Gironde
Sauviac, Gironde is a commune.

Savignac, Gironde
Savignac, Gironde is a commune.

Savignac-de-l'Isle
Savignac-de-l'Isle is a commune.

Semens
Semens is a commune.

Sendets, Gironde
Sendets, Gironde is a commune.

Sigalens
Sigalens is a commune.

Sillas
Sillas is a commune.

Soulac-sur-Mer
Soulac-sur-Mer is a commune.

Soulignac
Soulignac is a commune.

Soussac
Soussac is a commune.

Soussans
Soussans is a commune.

Tabanac
Tabanac is a commune.

Taillecavat
Taillecavat is a commune.

Talais
Talais is a commune.

Talence
Talence is a commune.

Targon
Targon is a commune.

Tarnès
Tarnès is a commune.

Tauriac, Gironde
Tauriac, Gironde is a commune.

Tayac
Tayac is a commune.

Teuillac
Teuillac is a commune.

Tizac-de-Curton
Tizac-de-Curton is a commune.

Tizac-de-Lapouyade
Tizac-de-Lapouyade is a commune.

Toulenne
Toulenne is a commune.

Tresses
Tresses is a commune.

Uzeste
Uzeste is a commune.

Valeyrac
Valeyrac is a commune.

Vayres
Vayres is a commune.

Vendays-Montalivet
Vendays-Montalivet is a commune.

Vensac
Vensac is a commune.

Verdelais
Verdelais is a commune.

Vertheuil
Vertheuil is a commune.

Vignonet
Vignonet is a commune.

Villandraut
Villandraut is a commune.

Villegouge
Villegouge is a commune.

Villenave-d'Ornon
Villenave-d'Ornon is a commune.

Villenave-de-Rions
Villenave-de-Rions is a commune.

Villeneuve, Gironde
Villeneuve, Gironde is a commune.

Virelade
Virelade is a commune.

Virsac
Virsac is a commune.

Vérac
Vérac is a commune.

Yvrac
Yvrac is a commune.

Étauliers
Étauliers is a commune.

Bonzac
Bonzac is a commune.

Bonnetan
Bonnetan is a commune.

Bommes
Bommes is a commune.

Blésignac
Blésignac is a commune.

Blaye
Blaye is a commune.

Blasimon
Blasimon is a commune.

Blanquefort, Gironde
Blanquefort, Gironde is a commune.

Blaignan
Blaignan is a commune.

Blaignac
Blaignac is a commune.

Birac, Gironde
Birac, Gironde is a commune.

Biganos
Biganos is a commune.

Bieujac
Bieujac is a commune.

Beychac-et-Caillau
Beychac-et-Caillau is a commune.

Berthez
Berthez is a commune.

Berson, Gironde
Berson, Gironde is a commune.

Bernos-Beaulac
Bernos-Beaulac is a commune.

Belvès-de-Castillon
Belvès-de-Castillon is a commune.

Bellefond, Gironde
Bellefond, Gironde is a commune.

Bellebat
Bellebat is a commune.

Belin-Béliet
Belin-Béliet is a commune.

Beautiran
Beautiran is a commune.

Bazas
Bazas is a commune.

Bayon-sur-Gironde
Bayon-sur-Gironde is a commune.

Bayas
Bayas is a commune.

Baurech
Baurech is a commune.

Bassens, Gironde
Bassens, Gironde is a commune.

Bassanne
Bassanne is a commune.

Barsac, Gironde
Barsac, Gironde is a commune.

Baron, Gironde
Baron, Gironde is a commune.

Barie
Barie is a commune.

Balizac
Balizac is a commune.

Baigneaux, Gironde
Baigneaux, Gironde is a commune.

Bagas, Gironde
Bagas, Gironde is a commune.

Ayguemorte-les-Graves
Ayguemorte-les-Graves is a commune.

Avensan
Avensan is a commune.

Auros
Auros is a commune.

Auriolles
Auriolles is a commune.

Audenge
Audenge is a commune.

Aubie-et-Espessas
Aubie-et-Espessas is a commune.

Aubiac, Gironde
Aubiac, Gironde is a commune.

Asques, Gironde
Asques, Gironde is a commune.

Arès
Arès is a commune.

Arveyres
Arveyres is a commune.

Artigues-près-Bordeaux
Artigues-près-Bordeaux is a commune.

Arsac
Arsac is a commune.

Arcins
Arcins is a commune.

Arcachon
Arcachon is a commune.

Arbis
Arbis is a commune.

Arbanats
Arbanats is a commune.

Anglade
Anglade is a commune.

Andernos-les-Bains
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune.

Ambès
Ambès is a commune.

Ambarès-et-Lagrave
Ambarès-et-Lagrave is a commune.

Aillas
Aillas is a commune.

Abzac, Gironde
Abzac, Gironde is a commune.

Simon & Schuster
Simon & Schuster Inc.

Mount Scenery
Mount Scenery is a lava dome inds.

Saltwater Crocodile
The Saltwater crocodile  is all living reptiles.

Dildo,d Labrador
Dildo is a town on southeastern Dildo Arm Trinity Bay on islandd,d Labrador, Canada.

Sphinginae
The Sphinginae are a subfamily hawkmoths , mothsder Lepidoptera.

Furcula furcula
The Sallow Kitten  is a lepidoptera from family Notodontidae.

ICD
Theational Classification Diseases Related Health Problems  is a list codes to classify diseases, including signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, social circumstances, complaints external causes injury disease.

Software agent
A Software agent is a piece software  that capable taking simple decisions to solve a problem.

List ICD-10 codes
Theational Statistical Classification Diseases Related Health Problems Revision  is list codes diseases signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, complaints, social circumstances external causes injury diseases.

Barn Swallow
The Barn Swallow  is widespread species swallow can be found worldwide.

Red-crownede
The Red-crownede , also calledee, is ae crane is rarest crane in world.

Yasuhiko Okudera
Yasuhiko Okudera  is a football player.

Hans Ooft
Hans Ooft  is a Dutch football player.

Ruy Ramos
Ruy Ramos  is a football player.

Sergio Echigo
Sergio Echigo  is a football player.

Takashi Mizunuma
Takashi Mizunuma  is a football player.

Sōta Hirayama
Sōta Hirayama  is a football player.

José María Gutiérrez
José María Gutiérrez  is a football player.

Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai
"Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai" is ai Urdu Film starring Veena Malik, Ajab Gul Arbaz.

Alessandro Nesta
Alessandro Nesta  is a football player.

Shu Kamo
Shu Kamo  is a football player.

Ahn Jung
Ahn Jung  is a football player.

Pavel Nedvěd
Pavel Nedvěd  is a football player.

Marcus Tulio Tanaka
Marcus Tulio Tanaka  is a football player.

İlhan Mansız
İlhan Mansız  is a football player.

Masakiyo Maezono
Masakiyo Maezono  is a football player.

Zico
Zico  is a football player.

Akihiroima
Akihiroima  is a football player.

Roque Santa Cruz
Roque Santa Cruz  is a football player.

Cafu
Cafu  is a football player.

Gary Kelly
Gary Kelly  is a football player.

Luis Hernández
Luis Hernández  is a football player.

11900 Spinoy
11900 Spinoy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 6, 1991 by E.

11905 Giacometti
11905 Giacometti  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 6, 1991 by E.

11911 Angel
11911 Angel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 4, 1992 by C.

11912 Piedade
11912 Piedade  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 30, 1992 by E.

11913 Svarna
11913 Svarna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1992 by E.

11914 Sinachopoulos
11914 Sinachopoulos  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1992 by E.

Eric Walter Elst
Eric Walter Elst is an astronomer from Belgium.

10009so
10009so  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 12, 1977 by H.

10010 Rudruna
10010 Rudruna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 9, 1978 by Nikolai Lyudmilaykh at Astrophysical Observatory.

Plaiul Groşilor River
The Plaiul Groşilor River is a tributary Crasna River inia.

Crasna, Gorj
Crasna is a commune Gorj County inia.

Albeni
Albeni is a commune Gorj County inia.

Aninoasa, Gorj
Aninoasa is a commune Gorj County inia.

Natural gas vehicle
A natural gas vehicle NGV is an alternative fuel vehicle that uses  natural gas instead fuel.

Bustuchin
Bustuchin is a commune Gorj County inia.

7056 Kierkegaard
7056 Kierkegaard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1989 by E.

9001 Slettebak
9001 Slettebak  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 30, 1981 by E.

9005 Sidorova
9005 Sidorova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1982 by L.

9009 Tirso
9009 Tirso is a Main Belt asteroid.

9010 Candelo
9010 Candelo is a Main Belt asteroid.

9012 Benner
9012 Benner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1984 by E.

Natural gas vehicle (NGV)
A natural gas vehicle NGV is an alternative fuel vehicle that uses  natural gas instead fuel.

90138 Diehl
90138 Diehl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 25, 2002 by B.

9013 Sansaturio
9013 Sansaturio  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1985 by E.

9016 Henrymoore
9016 Henrymoore  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1986 by C.

Gary Neville
Gary Neville is an footballer.

Michael Carrick
Michael Carrick is an footballer.

Sid Luft
Sidney Luft  was an show business figure known as husband iconic singer/actress Judyd.

Phil Neville
Phil Neville is an footballer.

Paul Scholes
Paul Scholes  is an footballer.

Ashley Cole
Ashley Cole is an footballer.

Jamie Carragher
Jamie Carragher is an footballer.

Ledley King
Ledley King is an footballer.

90140 Gómezdonet
is a main belt asteroid that was found on December 28, 2002.

9014 Svyatorichter
9014 Svyatorichter  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1985 by L.

9017
9017  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1986 by L.

9019 Eucommia
9019 Eucommia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 28, 1987 by E.

9020 Eucryphia
9020 Eucryphia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 1987 by E.

9021 Fagus
9021 Fagus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 14, 1988 by E.

9022 Drake
9022 Drake  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1988 by C.

Cadgwith
CADGWITH Cornwall - Cadgwith Cove is a working fishing cove on The Lizard Peninsula.

9023 Mnesthus
9023 Mnesthus  is a Jupiter that was found on September 10, 1988 by C.

90288 Dalleave
90288 Dalleave  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 6, 2003 by Asiago-DLR Asteroid Survey at Cima Ekar.

9032 Tanakami
9032 Tanakami  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1989 by T.

9033e
9033e  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 4, 1990 by M.

10350i
is a main belt asteroid that was found on July 26, 1992.

10351 Seiichisato
10351 Seiichisato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1992 by K.

10352 Kawamura
10352 Kawamura  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1992 by K.

10353 Momotaro
10353 Momotaro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 20, 1992 by S.

10361 Bunsen
10361 Bunsen  is a Main-belt Asteroid.

10364 Tainai
10364 Tainai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1994 by T.

10365 Kurokawa
10365 Kurokawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 27, 1994 by T.

10366 Shozosato
10366 Shozosato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1994 by K.

10371 Gigli
10371 Gigli  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1995 by L.

11001 Andrewulff
11001 Andrewulff  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 16, 1979 by H.-E.

11002 Richardlis
11002 Richardlis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 24, 1979 by E.

11003 Andronov
11003 Andronov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1979 by N.

11004 Stenmark
11004 Stenmark  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 1980 by C.-I.

11006 Gilson
11006 Gilson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1980 by C.

11011 KIAM
11011 KIAM  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1981 by N.

11012 Henning
11012 Henning  is a Main-belt Asteroid.

11013der
11013der  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1982 by C.-I.

11015enko
11015enko  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 1982 by N.

11016 Borisov
11016 Borisov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1982 by L.

18004 Krystosek
18004 Krystosek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18009 Patrickgeer
18009 Patrickgeer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18012d
18012d  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18013 Shedletsky
18013 Shedletsky  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18015 Semenkovich
18015 Semenkovich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18016 Grondahl
18016 Grondahl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Serial number
A serial number is a unique number.

Socorro, New Mexico
Socorro is a city in Socorro County a county seat same county in U.S.

Socorro, Texas
Socorro is a city in El Paso County, Texas, in United States.

18019 Dascoli
18019 Dascoli  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18020 Amend
18020 Amend  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18021
18021  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18022 Pepper
18022 Pepper  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18026 Juliabaldwin
18026 Juliabaldwin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18027 Gokcay
18027 Gokcay  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Falkenfelsen
The Falkenfelsen  is a cliff northern Black Forest in Baden-Württemberg,y.

Giant huntsman spider
The giant huntsman spider  is a spider "Heteropoda" genus.

Huntsman spider
Huntsman spider is a given to family Sparassidae .

Brown huntsman spider
The Brown huntsman spider, "Heteropoda venatoria", is found in many tropical subtropicals world, including Asia, Réuniond, islands, US,  Australia.

18028i
18028i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18032 Geiss
is a main belt asteroid that was found on June 20, 1999.

18043 Laszkowska
18043 Laszkowska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 7, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18059 Cavalieri
18059 Cavalieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1999 by P.

15000 CCD
15000 CCD  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

150035 Williamson
150035 Williamson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 20, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

15003 Midori
15003 Midori  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 5, 1997 by T.

Dorsum (biology)
In anatomy, dorsum is upper side animals that can run, fly, swim in a forwards backwards direction, back side animals  that walk upright.

Clypeus
The clypeus is sclerites that makes up "face" an insect.

3027
3027  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 08, 1978 by N.

3021 Lucubratio
3021 Lucubratio  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 06, 1967 by P.

3022n
3022n  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1980 by Vavrova, Z.

3017 Petrovič
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 25, 1981.

Carapace
A carapace is a dorsal section an exoskeleton shell in a number animal groups.

3032s
3032s  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 08, 1984 by Bowell, E.

3033 Holbaek
3033 Holbaek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 05, 1984 byn, K.

3034 Climenhaga
3034 Climenhaga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1917 by Max Wolf at Heidelberg.

3028gguoxi
3028gguoxi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 09, 1978 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.

3036 Krat
3036 Krat  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 11, 1937 by G.

3037 Alku
3037 Alku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 17, 1944 by Vaisala, Y.

3038 Bernes
3038 Bernes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978 byykh, N.

3039 Yangel
3039 Yangel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1978 by L.

3030 Vehrenberg
3030 Vehrenberg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by S.

4031 Mueller
4031 Mueller is a Hungaria family asteroid that was found on February 12, 1985 by Carolyn S.

Sapindaceae
Sapindaceae, also known as soapberry family, is a family flowering plant including maple, horse chestnut lychee.

4032 Chaplygin
4032 Chaplygin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1985 by Zhuravleva, L.

19002 Tongkexue
19002 Tongkexue  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19003 Erinfrey
19003 Erinfrey  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19004 Chirayath
19004 Chirayath  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19005
19005  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19007
19007  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19008 Kristibutler
19008 Kristibutler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Abbotsford, Wisconsin
Abbotsford is a city in Clark Marathon Counties in Wisconsin, United States.

9034 Oleyuria
9034 Oleyuria  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 26, 1990 by L.

9038 Helensteel
9038 Helensteel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 12, 1990 by Steel, D.

9040 Flacourtia
9040 Flacourtia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 18, 1991 by E.

90414 Karpov
90414 Karpov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 19, 2003 by R.

9041e
9041e  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 9, 1991 by S.

Robbiee
Robbiee  is a football player.

Takayuki Morimoto
Takayuki Morimoto  is a football player.

Pablo Aimar
Pablo Aimar  is an Argentine football player.

Toninho Cerezo
Toninho Cerezo  is a football player.

Iván de la Peña
Iván de la Peña  is a football player.

Jorgeo
Jorgeo  is a Argentine football player.

Kazushi Kimura
Kazushi Kimura  is a football player.

Takeshi Okada
Takeshi Okada  is a football player.

Yoshito Okubo
Yoshito Okubo  is a football player.

Diego Simeone
Diego Simeone  is a Argentine football player.

Tsuyoshi Kitazawa
Tsuyoshi Kitazawa  is a football player.

Takeshi Mizuuchi
Takeshi Mizuuchi  is a football player.

Masahiro Fukuda
Masahiro Fukuda  is a football player.

Alfredo di Stéfano
Alfredo di Stéfano  is a Argentine football player.

Raymond Kopa
Raymond Kopa  is a French football player.

Luis Suárez Miramontes
Luis Suárez Miramontes  is a football player.

Omar Sívori
Omar Sívori  is a Argentine football player.

Josef Masopust
Josef Masopust  is a football player.

Denis Law
Denis Law  is a football player.

Eusébio
Eusébio  is a football player.

Flórián Albert
Flórián Albert  is a football player.

Gianni Rivera
Gianni Rivera  is a football player.

Tatsuya Tanaka
Tatsuya Tanaka  is a football player.

Guillermo Stábile
Guillermo Stábile  is a Argentine football player.

Angelo Schiavio
Angelo Schiavio  is a football player.

Edmund Conen
Edmund Conen  is a football player.

Leônidas da Silva
Leônidas da Silva  is a football player.

Ademir Marques de Menezes
Ademir Marques de Menezes  is a football player.

Sándor Kocsis
Sándor Kocsis  is a football player.

County Sligo
County Sligo is 32 counties ind.

Caesar salad
A Caesar salad is a salad made with romaine lettucehearts, croutons, bacon, parmesan cheese Caesar dressing.

Paul Robinson
Paul Robinson is an footballer.

Gareth Barry
Gareth Barry is an footballer.

Neil's Harbour, Nova Scotia
Neil's Harbour is a village in northern Cape Bretond, in Nova Scotia, Canada.

Glen Johnson
Glen Johnson is an footballer.

Ingonish, Nova Scotia
Ingonish is a rural community in northeastern Victoria County, Nova Scotia.

Scott Carson
Scott Carson is an footballer.

Gabriel Agbonlahor
Gabriel Agbonlahor is an footballer.

Ashley Young
Ashley Young is an footballer.

Colombian Professional Football, 1940s results
1948.

01224 (UK Area Code)
01224 is a UK dialling code for Aberdeen,d area.

01887 (UK Area Code)
01887 is a UK dialling code for Aberfeldy,d area.

01873 (UK Area Code)
01873 is a UK dialling code for Abergavenny, Wales area.

WTVT
WTVT is a Fox-affiliated television station in Tampa, Florida.

Steve Prefontaine
Steved Prefontaine   was an distance runner.

Urinal
An urinal is a special-purpose toilet, it is only made for urinating.

Blacklist (computing)
In computing, blacklisting is a access control.

Changing room
Aging room is a special room people use to change clothes.

Abraxas grossulariata
"Abraxas grossulariata" is a moth family Geometridae.

Bookworm (insect)
Bookworm is a popular generalization for any insect which supposedly bores through books.

9044 Kaoru
9044 Kaoru  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1991 by S.

90481 Wollstonecraft
90481 Wollstonecraft  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 16, 2004 by J.

Needville, Texas
Needville is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Abbott, Texas
Abbott is a city in Hill County, Texas, United States.

Blum, Texas
Blum is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.

Bynum, Texas
Bynum is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.

Malone, Texas
Malone is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.

Bear Creek, Texas
Bear Creek is a village in Hays County, Texas, United States.

Bee Cave, Texas
Bee Cave is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States.

Briarcliff, Texas
Briarcliff is a village in Travis County, Texas, United States.

Pleak, Texas
Pleak is a village in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Reliant Astrodome
Thet Astrodome, which was called "the Astrodome", is a domed sports stadium.

Valea Râsului River (Motru)
The Valea Râsului River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Cărpinei River
The Cărpinei River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Clear Creek, Wisconsin
Clear Creek is a town in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, United States.

County (United States)
A county, in United States, is a government that is right below state.

Băzăvan River (Motru)
The Băzăvan River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Păltinei River (Motru)
The Păltinei River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Peşteana River (Motru)
The Peşteana River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Coşuştea River
The Coşuştea River Coşuştea Mare River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Criva River (Coşuştea)
The Criva River is a tributary Coşuştea River inia.

Save (ice hockey)
In ice hockey, a goaltender is credited with a save wheny prevent a shot from entering net.

Racovăţ River (Coşuştea)
The Racovăţ River is a tributary Coşuştea River inia.

Coşuştea Mică River
The Coşuştea Mică River is a tributary Coşuştea River inia.

Ilovu River
The Ilovu River is a tributary Coşuştea River inia.

Huşniţa River
The Huşniţa River is a tributary Motru River inia.

Huşnicioara River
The Huşnicioara River is a tributary Huşniţa River inia.

Shutout
In team sports, a shutout  means that team in a game prevented other from scoring.

9052d
9052d  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1991 by F.

90525berg
90525berg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 17, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Goals against average
Goals against average  is a statistic used in ice hockey, water polo, lacrosse, association football that is mean goals allowed per game by a goaltender.

90528 Raywhite
90528 Raywhite  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 2004 by Catalina Sky Survey.

9053 Hamamelis
9053 Hamamelis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1991 by E.

90533 Laurentblind
90533 Laurentblind  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 28, 2004 by C.

9054um
9054um  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 30, 1991 by E.

TIME protocol
The TIME service is anet protocol defined in RFC 868.

9059 Dumas
9059 Dumas  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 8, 1992 by E.

Tropical Depression Sixteen (2008)
Tropical Depression Sixteen was sixteenth,akest, tropical cyclone 2008tic hurricane season.

High pressure area
A high pressure area  is an area where atmospheric pressure is greater than rest atmosphere.

Tropical cycloneation alert
A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert  is a notice given by U.S.

90377 Sedna
90377 Sedna  is a dwarf planet.

Boa constrictor
"Boa constrictor" is a non-venomous Boa species.

Just Fontaine
Just Fontaine  is a French football player.

Didier Deschamps
Didier Deschamps  is a French football player.

Hideki Tsukamoto
Hideki Tsukamoto  is a football player.

Siniša Mihajlović
Siniša Mihajlović  is a football player.

Ryoi
Ryoi  is a football player.

Daisuke Matsui
Daisuke Matsui  is a football player.

Kiyoshi Okuma
Kiyoshi Okuma  is a football player.

Oleg Blokhin
Oleg Blokhin  is a football player.

Allan Simonsen
Allan Simonsen  is a football player.

Garrincha
Garrincha  is a football player.

Vavá
Vavá  is a football player.

Leonel Sánchez
Leonel Sánchez  is a football player.

Dražan Jerković
Dražan Jerković  is a football player.

Valentin Kozmichov
Valentin Kozmichov  is a football player.

Grzegorz Lato
Grzegorz Lato  is a football player.

Mario Kempes
Mario Kempes  is a Argentine football player.

Full Moon Party
Full Moon Party.

Paolo Rossi
Paolo Rossi  is a football player.

Network File System
A Network file system is a file system that allows sharing computer files over a network.

Masakuni Yamamoto
Masakuni Yamamoto  is a football player.

Dino Baggio
Dino Baggio  is a football player.

Hong Myung-Bo
Hong Myung-Bo  is a South football player.

Giancarlo Antognoni
Giancarlo Antognoni  is a football player.

Seigo Narazaki
Seigo Narazaki  is a football player.

Christian Vieri
Christian Vieri  is a football player.

Careca
Careca  is a football player.

Demetrio Albertini
Demetrio Albertini  is a football player.

Philippe Troussier
Philippe Troussier  is a French football manager.

Kunishige Kamamoto
Kunishige Kamamoto  is a football player.

Frank Rijkaard
Frank Rijkaard  is a Dutch football player.

Diego Sinagra
Diego Sinagra  is a football player.

Masami Ihara
Masami Ihara  is a football player.

Noh Jung-Yoon
Noh Jung-Yoon  is a South football player.

Guido Buchwald
Guido Buchwald  is a football player.

Edwin van der Sar
Edwin van der Sar  is a Dutch football player.

Hiroakiima
Hiroakiima  is a football player.

Shimizu S-Pulse
Shimizu S-Pulse is a football club which plays in.

Vegalta Sendai
Vegalta Sendai is a football club which plays in.

Omiya Ardija
Omiya Ardija is a football club which plays in.

Montedio Yamagata
Montedio Yamagata is a football club which plays in.

Vermiform appendix
In human anatomy, appendix  appendix; vermix) is a blind ended tube , from which it develops embryologically.

9060 Toyokawa
9060 Toyokawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1992 by S.

9062i
9062i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 27, 1992 by T.

Valea Mare River (Cioiana)
The Valea Mare River is a tributarya River inia.

Romanaţi River
Theaţi River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Brătuia River
The Brătuia River is a tributarya River inia.

Saşa River (Zlast)
The Saşa River is a tributary Zlast River inia.

Balta River
The Balta River is a tributary Topolniţa River inia.

Râul Sârbului
The Râul Sârbului is a tributary Viteazu River inia.

Pârâul Mare (Bâlta)
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary Bâlta River inia.

Măcriş River (Şuşiţa)
The Măcriş River is a tributary Şuşiţa River inia.

Auşel River
The Auşel River is a tributary Taia River inia.

Dobroaia River
The Dobroaia River is a tributary Auşel River inia.

Câmpa River
The Câmpa River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Pârâul Romii
The Pârâul Romii is a tributaryu River inia.

Valea Pârvului River
The Valea Pârvului River is a tributary Dârjov River inia.

Dârjov River
The Dârjov River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gota River
The Gota River is a tributary Dârjov River inia.

Jid River
The Jid River is a tributary Dârjov River inia.

Cărbunari River (Saciova)
The Cărbunari River is a tributary Saciova River inia.

Păpăuţi River
The Păpăuţi River is a tributary Covasna River inia.

Câmpşoara River
The Câmpşoara River is a tributary Câmpa River inia.

Mărtoiu River
The Mărtoiu River is a tributary Brusturetul River inia.

Valea Mică River (Cibin)
The Valea Mică River is a tributary Valea Mare River inia.

Pârâul Moale
The Pârâul Moale is a tributary Valea Lupului River inia.

Paloşul River (Frumoasa)
The Paloşul River is a tributary Frumoasa River inia.

Deluşelu River
The Deluşelu River is a tributary Voineşiţa River inia.

Chiara River
The Chiara River is a tributary Gota River inia.

Turia River (Dârjov)
The Turia River is a tributary Gota River inia.

Râul Vizuinii
The Râul Vizuinii is a tributary Gota River inia.

Pârâul Gruiul Lung
The Pârâul Gruiul Lung River is a tributary Rudari River inia.

Pârâul Ştreaurilor
The Pârâul Ştreaurilor is a tributary Rudari River inia.

Jangu Bradului River
The Jangu Bradului River is a tributary Pârâul Ştreaurilor inia.

Puru River (Bora)
The Puru River is a tributary Bora River inia.

Ogaşu Bora
The Ogaşu Bora is a tributary Bora River inia.

Pârâul Ţapului
The Pârâul Ţapului is a tributary Chioara River inia.

Găuri River
The Găuri River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Valea Mestecănişului River
The Valea Mestecănişului River Nireş River Nyireş River is a tributary Vinul Mic River inia.

Licaş River
The Licaş River Licoş River is a tributary Veleşchia River inia.

McGregor, Iowa
McGregor, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

McIntire, Iowa
McIntire, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mechanicsville, Iowa
Mechanicsville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mediapolis, Iowa
Mediapolis, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Melbourne, Iowa
Melbourne, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Melcher-Dallas, Iowa
Melcher-Dallas, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Melrose, Iowa
Melrose, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Melvin, Iowa
Melvin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Menlo, Iowa
Menlo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Meriden, Iowa
Meriden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Merrill, Iowa
Merrill, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Meservey, Iowa
Meservey, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Middletown, Iowa
Middletown, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Miles, Iowa
Miles, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Milford, Iowa
Milford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Millersburg, Iowa
Millersburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Millerton, Iowa
Millerton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Millville, Iowa
Millville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Milo, Iowa
Milo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Milton, Iowa
Milton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Minburn, Iowa
Minburn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Minden, Iowa
Minden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mingo, Iowa
Mingo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Missouri Valley, Iowa
Missouri Valley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mitchell, Iowa
Mitchell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mitchellville, Iowa
Mitchellville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Modale, Iowa
Modale, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mondamin, Iowa
Mondamin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Monmouth, Iowa
Monmouth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Monona, Iowa
Monona, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Monroe, Iowa
Monroe is a city Iowa in United States.

Montezuma, Iowa
Montezuma, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Monticello, Iowa
Monticello, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Montour, Iowa
Montour, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Montrose, Iowa
Montrose, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Moorhead, Iowa
Moorhead, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Moorland, Iowa
Moorland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Moravia, Iowa
Moravia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Morley, Iowa
Morley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Morning Sun, Iowa
Morning Sun, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Morrison, Iowa
Morrison, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Moulton, Iowa
Moulton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mount Auburn, Iowa
Mount Auburn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mount Ayr, Iowa
Mount Ayr, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mountt, Iowa
Mountt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mount Sterling, Iowa
Mount Sterling, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mount Union, Iowa
Mount Union, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mount Vernon, Iowa
Mount Vernon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Moville, Iowa
Moville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Murray, Iowa
Murray, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Mystic, Iowa
Mystic, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Nashua, Iowa
Nashua, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Nemaha, Iowa
Nemaha, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Neola, Iowa
Neola, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Nevada, Iowa
Nevada, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Albin, Iowa
New Albin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Hampton, Iowa
New Hampton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Hartford, Iowa
New Hartford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Liberty, Iowa
New Liberty, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New London, Iowa
New London, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Market, Iowa
New Market, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Providence, Iowa
New Providence, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Sharon, Iowa
New Sharon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Vienna, Iowa
New Vienna, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

New Virginia, Iowa
New Virginia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Newell, Iowa
Newell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Newhall, Iowa
Newhall, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Newton, Iowa
Newton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Nichols, Iowa
Nichols, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Nodaway, Iowa
Nodaway, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Nora Springs, Iowa
Nora Springs, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

North Buena Vista, Iowa
North Buena Vista, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

North, Iowa
North, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

North Liberty, Iowa
North Liberty, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Varul River
The Varul River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Conţu River
The Conţu River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Prejba River (Sadu)
The Prejba River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Pop River (Sadu)
The Pop River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Valea Plaiului River (Sadu)
The Valea Plaiului River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Valea Casei River
The Valea Casei River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Juvertul River
The Juvertul River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Juverţelul River
The Juverţelul River is a tributary Juvertul River inia.

Candiru
Candiru  are parasitic freshwater catfish a member Trichomycteridae family.

Northington, Iowa
Northington, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Northboro, Iowa
Northboro, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Northwood, Iowa
Northwood is a city Iowa in United States.

Jieţ River (Jiu)
The Jieţ River is a tributary Jiul de Est River inia.

Norwalk, Iowa
Norwalk, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Norway, Iowa
Norway, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Numa, Iowa
Numa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oakland, Iowa
Oakland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oakland Acres, Iowa
Oakland Acres, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oakville, Iowa
Oakville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ocheyedan, Iowa
Ocheyedan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Odebolt, Iowa
Odebolt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oelwein, Iowa
Oelwein, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ogden, Iowa
Ogden, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Okoboji, Iowa
Okoboji, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Olds, Iowa
Olds, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Olin, Iowa
Olin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ollie, Iowa
Ollie, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Onawa, Iowa
Onawa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Onslow, Iowa
Onslow, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Orange City, Iowa
Orange City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Orchard, Iowa
Orchard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Orient, Iowa
Orient, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Orleans, Iowa
Orleans, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Osage, Iowa
Osage, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Osceola, Iowa
Osceola, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Scărişoara River (Şuşiţa)
The Scărişoara River is a tributary Dealu River inia.

Oskaloosa, Iowa
Oskaloosa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Cotoru River (Şuşiţa)
The Cotoru River is a tributary Dealu River inia.

Pârâul Vulpii
The Pârâul Vulpii is a tributary Dealu River inia.

Ossian, Iowa
Ossian is a city Iowa in United States.

Osterdock, Iowa
Osterdock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Otho, Iowa
Otho, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oto, Iowa
Oto, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ottosen, Iowa
Ottosen, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ottumwa, Iowa
Ottumwa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Owasa, Iowa
Owasa, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oxford, Iowa
Oxford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oxford Junction, Iowa
Oxford Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Oyens, Iowa
Oyens, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pacific Junction, Iowa
Pacific Junction, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Packwood, Iowa
Packwood, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Palmer, Iowa
Palmer, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Negoiu River (Jiu)
The Negoiu River is a headwater Bistriţa River inia.

Groapele River (Bistriţa)
The Groapele River is a headwater Bistriţa River inia.

Dolphin Stadium
Dolphin Stadium is a stadium where football, soccer, other sports are played.

Palo, Iowa
Palo, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Panama, Iowa
Panama, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Panora, Iowa
Panora, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Panorama Park, Iowa
Panorama Park, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Parkersburg, Iowa
Parkersburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Parnell, Iowa
Parnell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Paton, Iowa
Paton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Patterson, Iowa
Patterson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Paullina, Iowa
Paullina, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pella, Iowa
Pella, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Peosta, Iowa
Peosta, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Perry, Iowa
Perry, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Persia, Iowa
Persia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Peterson, Iowa
Peterson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pierson, Iowa
Pierson, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pilot Mound, Iowa
Pilot Mound, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pioneer, Iowa
Pioneer, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pisgah, Iowa
Pisgah, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Plainfield, Iowa
Plainfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Plano, Iowa
Plano, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pleasant Hill, Iowa
Pleasant Hill, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pleasant Plain, Iowa
Pleasant Plain, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pleasanton, Iowa
Pleasanton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pleasantville, Iowa
Pleasantville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Plover, Iowa
Plover, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Plymouth, Iowa
Plymouth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pocahontas, Iowa
Pocahontas, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Polk City, Iowa
Polk City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pomeroy, Iowa
Pomeroy, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Popejoy, Iowa
Popejoy, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Portsmouth, Iowa
Portsmouth, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Postville, Iowa
Postville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Prairie City, Iowa
Prairie City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Prairieburg, Iowa
Prairieburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Prescott, Iowa
Prescott, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Preston, Iowa
Preston, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Primghar, Iowa
Primghar, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Princeton, Iowa
Princeton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Promise City, Iowa
Promise City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Protivin, Iowa
Protivin, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Pulaski, Iowa
Pulaski, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Quasqueton, Iowa
Quasqueton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Quimby, Iowa
Quimby, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Radcliffe, Iowa
Radcliffe, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rake, Iowa
Rake, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ralston, Iowa
Ralston, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Randalia, Iowa
Randalia, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Randall, Iowa
Randall, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Randolph, Iowa
Randolph, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rathbun, Iowa
Rathbun, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Raymond, Iowa
Raymond, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Readlyn, Iowa
Readlyn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Reasnor, Iowa
Reasnor, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Red Oak, Iowa
Red Oak, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Redding, Iowa
Redding, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Redfield, Iowa
Redfield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Reinbeck, Iowa
Reinbeck, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rembrandt, Iowa
Rembrandt, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Remsen, Iowa
Remsen, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Renwick, Iowa
Renwick, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rhodes, Iowa
Rhodes, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Riceville, Iowa
Riceville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Richland, Iowa
Richland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rickardsville, Iowa
Rickardsville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ricketts, Iowa
Ricketts, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ridgeway, Iowa
Ridgeway, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rinard, Iowa
Rinard, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ringsted, Iowa
Ringsted, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rippey, Iowa
Rippey, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Riverdale, Iowa
Riverdale, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Riverside, Iowa
Riverside, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Riverton, Iowa
Riverton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Robins, Iowa
Robins, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rock Falls, Iowa
Rock Falls, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rock Rapids, Iowa
Rock Rapids, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rock Valley, Iowa
Rock Valley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rockford, Iowa
Rockford, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rockwell, Iowa
Rockwell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

9063i
9063i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 17, 1992 by T.

Rockwell City, Iowa
Rockwell City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rodman, Iowa
Rodman, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rodney, Iowa
Rodney, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Roland, Iowa
Roland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rolfe, Iowa
Rolfe, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rome, Iowa
Rome, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rose Hill, Iowa
Rose Hill, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

9064 Johndavies
9064 Johndavies  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 21, 1993 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

Rossie, Iowa
Rossie, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rowan, Iowa
Rowan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rowley, Iowa
Rowley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Royal, Iowa
Royal, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rudd, Iowa
Rudd, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Runnells, Iowa
Runnells, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rushville, Iowa
Rushville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Russell, Iowa
Russell, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ruthven, Iowa
Ruthven, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Rutland, Iowa
Rutland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Ryan, Iowa
Ryan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sabula, Iowa
Sabula, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sac City, Iowa
Sac City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sageville, Iowa
Sageville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Salem, Iowa
Salem, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Salix, Iowa
Salix, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sanborn, Iowa
Sanborn, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sandyville, Iowa
Sandyville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Scarville, Iowa
Scarville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Schaller, Iowa
Schaller, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Schleswig, Iowa
Schleswig, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Scranton, Iowa
Scranton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Searsboro, Iowa
Searsboro, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sergeant Bluff, Iowa
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Seymour, Iowa
Seymour, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shambaugh, Iowa
Shambaugh, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shannon City, Iowa
Shannon City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sharpsburg, Iowa
Sharpsburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sheffield, Iowa
Sheffield, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shelby, Iowa
Shelby, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sheldahl, Iowa
Sheldahl, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sheldon, Iowa
Sheldon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shell Rock, Iowa
Shell Rock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shellsburg, Iowa
Shellsburg, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shenandoah, Iowa
Shenandoah, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sherrill, Iowa
Sherrill, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Shueyville, Iowa
Shueyville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sibley, Iowa
Sibley, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sidney, Iowa
Sidney, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sigourney, Iowa
Sigourney, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Silver City, Iowa
Silver City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sioux Center, Iowa
Sioux Center, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sioux City, Iowa
Sioux City, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Sioux Rapids, Iowa
Sioux Rapids, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

9067 Katsuno
9067 Katsuno  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 16, 1993 by K.

Slater, Iowa
Slater, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Spy Kids
"Spy Kids" is film "Spy Kids" series.

Sloan, Iowa
Sloan, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Smithland, Iowa
Smithland, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Soldier, Iowa
Soldier, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Solon, Iowa
Solon, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Somers, Iowa
Somers, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

South, Iowa
South, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Spencer, Iowa
Spencer, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Spillville, Iowa
Spillville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Spirit Lake, Iowa
Spirit Lake, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Spragueville, Iowa
Spragueville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

9069d
9069d  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 16, 1993 by E.

Spring Hill, Iowa
Spring Hill, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Springbrook, Iowa
Springbrook, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

9070 Ensab
9070 Ensab  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 23, 1993 by C.

University Law School
The University Law School  is law school University, in Ann Arbor.

90703 Indulgentia
90703 Indulgentia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 8, 1988 by F.

Springville, Iowa
Springville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

St. Ansgar, Iowa
St.

90709 Wettin
90709 Wettin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1990 by F.

St. Anthony, Iowa
St.

St. Charles, Iowa
St.

St. Donatus, Iowa
St.

St. Lucas, Iowa
St.

St. Marys, Iowa
St.

St. Olaf, Iowa
St.

St. Paul, Iowa
St.

Stacyville, Iowa
Stacyville, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Stanhope, Iowa
Stanhope, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Stanton, Iowa
Stanton, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Stanwood, Iowa
Stanwood, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

State Center, Iowa
State Center, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Steamboat Rock, Iowa
Steamboat Rock, Iowa is a city Iowa in United States.

Palomar Observatory
Palomar Observatory is a privately owned observatory in San Diego County, California, 90 miles  southeast Mount Wilson Observatory, on Palomar Mountain in Palomar Mountain Range.

Addison, Texas
Addison is a city in Dallas County, Texas .

9071 Coudenberghe
9071 Coudenberghe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1993 by E.

Law school
A law school  is a schoolly for legal education.

90712 Wittelsbach
90712 Wittelsbach  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1990 by F.

9073inori
9073inori  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1994 by T.

9074ida
9074ida  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 31, 1994 by K.

9076 Shinsaku
9076 Shinsaku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 8, 1994 by A.

European Observatory
The Observatory , is a research group for astronomy, made up fourteen countries from Europe.

Furnica Mare River
The Furnica Mare River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Pârâul cu Lespezi
The Pârâul cu Lespezi is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Valea Cocinilor River
The Valea Cocinilor River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Valea Boului River (Vasilatu)
The Valea Boului River Pârâul Boului is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Valea Socilor River (Vasilatu)
The Valea Socilor River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Valea Largă River (Vasilatu)
The Valea Largă River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Pleşa River (Vasilatu)
The Pleşa River is a tributary Valea Largă River inia.

Legal education
Legal education is education people who wish to become legal professionals who wish to earnir law degree.

Stâna River (Vasilatu)
The Stâna River is a tributary Pleşa River inia.

Valea Lacului River (Lotru)
The Valea Lacului River is a tributary Lotru River inia.

Izvorul Negru River (Uz)
The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Oreg River
The Oreg River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Soveto River
The Soveto River Sovetul River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Copurta River
The Copurta River Copuria River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Wind farm
A wind farm is a area land with lots wind turbines on it.

Chitici River
The Chitici River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Groza River
The Groza River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Izvorul Alb River (Uz)
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary Uz River inia.

Mocanul River
Theul River is a tributary Izvorul Alb River inia.

Brain Warp
Brain warp is an electronic toy made by tiger electronics.

Slide rule
The slide rule, also known as a "slipstick", is a mechanical analog computer.

Márcio Emerson Passos
Márcio Emerson Passos  is a football player.

Albert Nađ
Albert Nađ  is a football player.

Hajime Moriyasu
Hajime Moriyasu  is a football player.

Rahman Rezaei
Rahman Rezaei  is a football player.

Muhsin Musabah
Muhsin Musabah  is a football player.

Juan Sebastián Verón
Juan Sebastián Verón  is an Argentine football player.

Claudio López
Claudio López  is an Argentine football player.

Wagner Lopes
Wagner Lopes  is a football player.

Motohiro Yamaguchi
Motohiro Yamaguchi  is a football player.

Álvaro Recoba
Álvaro Recoba  is a football player.

Robertozieri
Robertozieri  is an Argentine football player.

Park Ji-Sung
Park Ji-Sung  is a South football player.

Yoshikazu Nagai
Yoshikazu Nagai  is a football player.

Secăreaua River
The Secăreaua River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Honda F.C.
Honda F.C.

Valea Cârpătoare River
The Valea Cârpătoare River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Valea Greşurilor River
The Valea Greşurilor River is a tributary Vasilatu River inia.

Topolniţa River
The Topolniţa River is a tributary Danube inia.

Costeşti River (Balta)
The Costeşti River is a tributary Balta River inia.

Gornoviţa River
The Gornoviţa River is a tributary Balta River inia.

Prejna River
The Prejna River is a tributary Balta River inia.

Tokushima Vortis
Tokushima Vortis is a football club which plays in.

Ehime F.C.
Ehime F.C.

Chiua Mare River
The Chiua Mare River is a headwater Chiua River inia.

Chiua Mică River
The Chiua Mică River is a headwater Chiua River inia.

Valea Veche River
The Valea Veche is a tributary Pârâul Moale inia.

The Great Gatsby
"The Great Gatsby" is a book by writer F.

Valea Rogojinii River
The Valea Rogojinii River is a tributary Pârâul Moale inia.

Sagawa Shiga F.C.
Sagawa Shiga F.C.

Communes Aube department
There are 433 communes in Aube "département" ince.

Ailleville
Ailleville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Aix-en-Othe
Aix-en-Othe is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Allibaudières
Allibaudières is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Amance, Aube
Amance is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Arcis-sur-Aube
Arcis-sur-Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Arconville
Arconville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Argançon
Argançon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Arrelles
Arrelles is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Arrembécourt
Arrembécourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Arrentières
Arrentières is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Arsonval
Arsonval is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Assencières
Assencières is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Assenay
Assenay is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Aubeterre
Aubeterre is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Aulnay, Aube
Aulnay, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Auxon, Aube
Auxon, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Avant-lès-Marcilly
Avant-lès-Marcilly is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Avant-lès-Ramerupt
Avant-lès-Ramerupt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Avirey-Lingey
Avirey-Lingey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Avon-la-Pèze
Avon-la-Pèze is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Avreuil
Avreuil is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bagneux-la-Fosse
Bagneux-la-Fosse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bailly-lec
Bailly-lec is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Balignicourt
Balignicourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Balnot-lage
Balnot-lage is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Balnot-sur-Laignes
Balnot-sur-Laignes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Barberey-Saint-Sulpice
Barberey-Saint-Sulpice is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Barbuise
Barbuise is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Baroville
Baroville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bar-sur-Aube
Bar-sur-Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bar-sur-Seine
Bar-sur-Seine is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bayel
Bayel is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bercenay-en-Othe
Bercenay-en-Othe is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bercenay-le-Hayer
Bercenay-le-Hayer is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bergères
Bergères is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bernon
Bernon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bertignolles
Bertignolles is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bérulle
Bérulle is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bessy
Bessy is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bétignicourt
Bétignicourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Beurey
Beurey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Blaincourt-sur-Aube
Blaincourt-sur-Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Blignicourt
Blignicourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bligny, Aube
Bligny, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Les Bordes-Aumont
Les Bordes-Aumont is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bossancourt
Bossancourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bouilly, Aube
Bouilly, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Boulages
Boulages is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bouranton
Bouranton is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bourdenay
Bourdenay is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bourguignons
Bourguignons is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bouy-Luxembourg
Bouy-Luxembourg is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bouy-sur-Orvin
Bouy-sur-Orvin is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bragelogne-Beauvoir
Bragelogne-Beauvoir is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Braux, Aube
Braux, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bréviandes
Bréviandes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Brévonnes
Brévonnes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Briel-sur-Barse
Briel-sur-Barse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Brienne-la-Vieille
Brienne-la-Vieille is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Brienne-le-Château
Brienne-le-Château is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Brillecourt
Brillecourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Bucey-en-Othe
Bucey-en-Othe is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Buchères
Buchères is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Buxeuil, Aube
Buxeuil, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Buxières-sur-Arce
Buxières-sur-Arce is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Celles-sur-Ource
Celles-sur-Ource is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chacenay
Chacenay is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

La Chaise
La Chaise is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chalette-sur-Voire
Chalette-sur-Voire is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chamoy, Aube
Chamoy, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Champfleury, Aube
Champfleury, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Champignol-lez-Mondeville
Champignol-lez-Mondeville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Champigny-sur-Aube
Champigny-sur-Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Champ-sur-Barse
Champ-sur-Barse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Channes
Channes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chaource
Chaource is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

La Chapelle-Saint-Luc
La Chapelle-Saint-Luc is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chapelle-Vallon
Chapelle-Vallon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chappes, Aube
Chappes, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Charmont-sous-Barbuise
Charmont-sous-Barbuise is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Charmoy, Aube
Charmoy, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Charny-le-Bachot
Charny-le-Bachot is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chaserey
Chaserey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Châtres, Aube
Châtres, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chauchigny
Chauchigny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chaudrey
Chaudrey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chauffour-lès-Bailly
Chauffour-lès-Bailly is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chaumesnil
Chaumesnil is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chavanges
Chavanges is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Le Chêne
Le Chêne is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chennegy
Chennegy is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chervey
Chervey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chesley, Aube
Chesley, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Chessy-les-Prés
Chessy-les-Prés is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Clérey
Clérey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Coclois
Coclois is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Colombé-la-Fosse
Colombé-la-Fosse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Colombé-le-Sec
Colombé-le-Sec is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Cormost
Cormost is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Courcelles-sur-Voire
Courcelles-sur-Voire is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Coursan-en-Othe
Coursan-en-Othe is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Courtaoult
Courtaoult is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Courtenot
Courtenot is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Courteranges
Courteranges is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Courteron
Courteron is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Coussegrey
Coussegrey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Couvignon
Couvignon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Crancey
Crancey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Creney-près-Troyes
Creney-près-Troyes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Crésantignes
Crésantignes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Crespy-le-Neuf
Crespy-le-Neuf is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Les Croûtes
Les Croûtes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Cunfin
Cunfin is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Cussangy
Cussangy is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dampierre, Aube
Dampierre, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Davrey
Davrey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dienville
Dienville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dierrey-Saint-Julien
Dierrey-Saint-Julien is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dierrey-Saint-Pierre
Dierrey-Saint-Pierre is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dolancourt
Dolancourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dommartin-le-Coq
Dommartin-le-Coq is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Donnement
Donnement is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dosches
Dosches is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Dosnon
Dosnon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Droupt-Saint-Basle
Droupt-Saint-Basle is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Droupt-Sainte-Marie
Droupt-Sainte-Marie is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Eaux-Puiseaux
Eaux-Puiseaux is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Échemines
Échemines is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Éclance
Éclance is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Éguilly-sous-Bois
Éguilly-sous-Bois is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Engente
Engente is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Épagne
Épagne is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Épothémont
Épothémont is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Ervy-le-Châtel
Ervy-le-Châtel is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Essoyes
Essoyes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Estissac
Estissac is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Étourvy
Étourvy is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Étrelles-sur-Aube
Étrelles-sur-Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Faux-Villecerf
Faux-Villecerf is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fay-lès-Marcilly
Fay-lès-Marcilly is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fays-la-Chapelle
Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Ferreux-Quincey
Ferreux-Quincey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Feuges
Feuges is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fontaine, Aube
Fontaine, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fontaine-les-Grès
Fontaine-les-Grès is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fontaine-Mâcon
Fontaine-Mâcon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fontenay-de-Bossery
Fontenay-de-Bossery is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fontette
Fontette is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fontvannes
Fontvannes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

La Fosse
La Fosse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fouchères, Aube
Fouchères, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fralignes
Fralignes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fravaux
Fravaux is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fresnay
Fresnay is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fresnoy-le-Château
Fresnoy-le-Château is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Fuligny
Fuligny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Gélannes
Gélannes is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Géraudot
Géraudot is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lesdes-Chapelles
Lesdes-Chapelles is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Grandville, Aube
Grandville, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lesges
Lesges is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Gumery
Gumery is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Gyé-sur-Seine
Gyé-sur-Seine is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Hampigny
Hampigny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Herbisse
Herbisse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Isle-Aubigny
Isle-Aubigny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Isle-Aumont
Isle-Aumont is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Jasseines
Jasseines is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Jaucourt, Aube
Jaucourt, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Javernant
Javernant is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Jessains
Jessains is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Jeugny
Jeugny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Joncreuil
Joncreuil is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Jully-sur-Sarce
Jully-sur-Sarce is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Juvancourt
Juvancourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Juvanzé
Juvanzé is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Juzanvigny
Juzanvigny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lagesse
Lagesse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Laines-aux-Bois
Laines-aux-Bois is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Landreville
Landreville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lantages
Lantages is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lassicourt
Lassicourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Laubressel
Laubressel is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lavau, Aube
Lavau, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lentilles
Lentilles is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lesmont
Lesmont is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lévigny
Lévigny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lhuître
Lhuître is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lignières, Aube
Lignières, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lignol-le-Château
Lignol-le-Château is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lirey
Lirey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Loches-sur-Ource
Loches-sur-Ource is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

La Loge-aux-Chèvres
La Loge-aux-Chèvres is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

La Loge-Pomblin
La Loge-Pomblin is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Les Loges-Margueron
Les Loges-Margueron is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Longchamp-sur-Aujon
Longchamp-sur-Aujon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Longeville-sur-Mogne
Longeville-sur-Mogne is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Longpré-le-Sec
Longpré-le-Sec is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Longsols
Longsols is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Longueville-sur-Aube
Longueville-sur-Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

La Louptière-Thénard
La Louptière-Thénard is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Lusigny-sur-Barse
Lusigny-sur-Barse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Luyères
Luyères is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Macey, Aube
Macey, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Machy, Aube
Machy, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Magnant, Aube
Magnant, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Magnicourt
Magnicourt is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Magny-Fouchard
Magny-Fouchard is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mailly-le-Camp
Mailly-le-Camp is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Maison-des-Champs
Maison-des-Champs is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Tool
Tools are objects make tasks easier to do.

Maisons-lès-Chaource
Maisons-lès-Chaource is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Maisons-lès-Soulaines
Maisons-lès-Soulaines is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Maizières-lade-Paroisse
Maizières-lade-Paroisse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Maizières-lès-Brienne
Maizières-lès-Brienne is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Maraye-en-Othe
Maraye-en-Othe is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Marcilly-le-Hayer
Marcilly-le-Hayer is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Marigny-le-Châtel
Marigny-le-Châtel is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Marnay-sur-Seine
Marnay-sur-Seine is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Marolles-lès-Bailly
Marolles-lès-Bailly is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Marolles-sous-Lignières
Marolles-sous-Lignières is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mathaux
Mathaux is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Maupas, Aube
Maupas, Aube is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mergey
Mergey is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Le Mériot
Le Mériot is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Merrey-sur-Arce
Merrey-sur-Arce is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Méry-sur-Seine
Méry-sur-Seine is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mesgrigny
Mesgrigny is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mesnil-la-Comtesse
Mesnil-la-Comtesse is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mesnil-Lettre
Mesnil-Lettre is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mesnil-Saint-Loup
Mesnil-Saint-Loup is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mesnil-Saint-Père
Mesnil-Saint-Père is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Mesnil-Sellières
Mesnil-Sellières is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Messon
Messon is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Metz-Robert
Metz-Robert is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Meurville
Meurville is a commune Aube "département" in north-centralce.

Puerto Escondido
Puerto Escondido is an archeological site in Honduras.

Koungou
Koungou is a commune in French overseas collectivity Mayotte.

Urea
Urea is anganic compound with chemicalula.

Vrancea County
Vrancea  is a county  inia.

Mucus
In vertebrates, mucus is a slippery secretion found in vertebrates made by covering mucous membranes.

Păcura River
The Păcura River is a tributary Şuşiţa River inia.

Nadăş River (Dalnic)
The Nadăş River is a tributary Dalnic River inia.

Pârâul Cânepii
The Pârâul Cânepii is a tributary Dalnic River inia.

Motiş River
The Motiş River is a tributary Vorumloc River inia.

Râul Poienii (Alun)
The Râul Poienii is a tributary Alun River inia.

Valea Stânişoarei River
The Valea Stânişoarei River is a tributary Alun River inia.

Pârâul Vânătorului
The Pârâul Vânătorului is a headwateri River inia.

Actias luna
The Luna Moth  is a lime-green, Nearctic Saturniid moth in subfamily Saturniinae.

4020 Dominique
4020 Dominique  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by Bus, S.

4033 Yatsugatake
4033 Yatsugatake  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 1986 by M.

4036 Whitehouse
4036 Whitehouse  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1987 by H.

4037 Ikeya
4037 Ikeya is an asteroid that was found in 1982 by K.

4038 Kristina
4038 Kristina  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1987 by E.

4039 Souseki
4039 Souseki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 1987 by T.

4040 Purcell
4040 Purcell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1987 by E.

6006dros
6006dros  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 03, 1989 by Elst, E.

10101 Fourier
10101 Fourier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992 by Eric Walter Elst at Observatory.

Tiësto
Tijs Michiel Verwest is a Dutch musician.

114239 Bermarmi
114239 Bermarmi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 21, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

114156 Eamonlittle
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 4, 2002.

125592 Buthiers
is a main belt asteroid that was found in December 15, 2001 at Buthiers.

128523 Johnmuir
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 11, 2004.

12838 Adamsmith
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 9, 1997.

12814 Vittorio
is a main belt asteroid that was found on February 13, 1996.

11696 Capen
11696 Capen is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 22, 1998 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search.

Syrian hamster
A hamster is a breed hamsteriginating from Syria.

Wild hamsters
Wild hamsters are hamsters which live in wild in Syria.

12133 Titulaer
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12135 Terlingen
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12136 Martinryle
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12137 Williefowler
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12138 Olinwilson
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12139 Tomcowling
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12140 Johnbolton
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12141i
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12142klow
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12143 Harwit
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12267 Denneau
is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 31, 1990.

12272 Geddylee
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1990.

12309 Tommygrav
is a main belt asteroid that was found on February 25, 1992.

11762 Vogel
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

11761 Davidgill
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

11760 Auwers
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

11754 Herbig
11754 Herbig is a Main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 at Palomar Observatory by Cornelisnes van Houten, Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld Tom Gehrels.

12341 Calevoet
12341 Calevoet is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 27, 1993 by Eric Elst.

12359 Cajigal
12359 Cajigal is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1993 bydojo.

12405 Nespoli
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 15, 1995.

8041 Masumoto
8041 Masumoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 15, 1993 by F.

10797 Guatemala
10797 Guatemala  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 4, 1992 by E.

9357 Venezuela
9357 Venezuela  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 11, 1992 by O.

6765 Fibonacci
6765 Fibonacci  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 20, 1982 by Ladislav Brožek at Kleť Observatory.

20002 Tillysmith
20002 Tillysmith  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 10, 1991 by R.

20004 Audrey-Lucienne
20004 Audrey-Lucienne  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.

20006 Albertus Magnus
20006 Albertus Magnus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 11, 1991 by F.

24450g
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 29, 2000 by J.

40764 Gerhardiser
40764 Gerhardiser  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 4, 1999.

29837 Savage
29837 Savage  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 21, 1999 by P.

29845 Wykrota
29845 Wykrota  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1999 by C.

6013ike
6013ike  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 18, 1991 by H.

6014 Chribrenmark
6014 Chribrenmark  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 7, 1991 by H.

56329 Tarxien
56329 Tarxien  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 28, 1999 by J.

56561 Jaimenomen
56561 Jaimenomen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 5, 2000 by Starkenburg Observatory at Heppenheim.

64070 NEAT
64070 NEAT  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2001 by C.

78905okeefe
78905okeefe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 2003 by Near-Earth Tracking  project at Palomar Observatory.

8900 AAVSO
8900 AAVSO  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 24, 1995 by D.

Sudbury, Massachusetts
Sudbury is a town inx County Massachusetts in United States.

Belleville, Ontario
Belleville is a city in southeastern Ontario, Canada.

8721 AMOS
8721 AMOS  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 14, 1996 by AMOS at Haleakala.

13250 Danieladucato
13250 Danieladucato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1998 by A.

13251 Viot
is a main belt asteroid that was found on July 20, 1998.

132524 APL
132524 APL is an S-type asteroid that was found on June 13, 2006 .

Tropical Storm Nana (2008)
Tropical Storm Nana was fourteenth tropical storm 2008tic hurricane season.

29401 Asterix
29401 Asterix  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 1, 1996 by M.

12796 Kamenrider
12796 Kamenrider  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1995 by Akimasa Nakamura at Kuma Kogen Astronomical Observatory.

38086 Beowulf
is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 5, 1999.

11697 Estrella
11697 Estrella is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on March 31, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Sample size
The sample size a statistical sample is number observations that make up it.

12088 Macalintal
12088 Macalintal is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on April 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

68410 Nichols
68410 Nichols  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 2001 by M.

71001 Natspasoc
71001 Natspasoc  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1999 by C.

71000 Hughdowns
71000 Hughdowns is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1999 by Charles W.

10068 Dodoens
10068 Dodoens  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 4, 1989 by E.

10538 Torode
10538 Torode  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1991 by B.

10390 Lenka
10390 Lenka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 27, 1997 by P.

11112 Cagnoli
11112 Cagnoli is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 18, 1995 at Madonna di Dossobuono.

11363 Vives
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 1, 1998.

11371 Camley
11371 Camley is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998, by LINEAR at Socorro, New Mexico.

10606 Crocco
10606 Crocco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1996 by V.

11725 Victoriahsu
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 21, 1998.

11763dres
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

13830 ARLT
13830 ARLT  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1999 by C.

Accumulated Cyclone Energy
Accumulated cyclone energy  is a measure used by Nationalic Atmospheric Administration  to show activity each tropical cyclones entire tropical cyclone seasons,icularlytic hurricane seasons.

20529 Zwerling
20529 Zwerling  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 7, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

(180731) 2004 JW35
180731  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 2004 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(172533) 2003 UO9
172533  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

(172627) 2003 XP10
172627  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 9, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

12526 de Coninck
12526 de Coninck  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 25, 1998 by E.

1253 Frisia
1253 Frisia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 09, 1931 by Reinmuth, K.

1234 Elyna
1234 Elyna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 18, 1931 by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg.

12339 Carloo
12339 Carloo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1992 by E.

1233 Kobresia
1233 Kobresia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 10, 1931 by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg.

12360des
12360des  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1993 by O.

12363 Marinmarais
12363 Marinmarais  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1993 by E.

9965 GNU
9965 GNU is a C-type main belt asteroid that was found on March 5, 1992 by Spacewatch.

9793 Torvalds
9793 Torvalds is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on January 16, 1996 by Spacewatch.

9882
9882  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

52421 Daihoji
52421 Daihoji  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 1994 by A.

10423 Dajčić
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 16, 1999.

Russians
Russians are people from russia.

55555 DNA
55555 DNA  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 19, 2001 by C.

117032e
117032e is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on May 14, 2004 by T.

51825 Davidbrown
51825 Davidbrown  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on July 19, 2001 at Palomar Observatory by JPL Near Earth Asteroid Tracking Program.

Eurasian Avars
The Avarsre a Turkic group.

2006 Central Pacific cyclone
The 2006 Central Pacific cyclone, also called 91C.INVEST Storm 91C, was a strangeather event in 2006.

Braşov
Braşov is a city that is found in Braşov County inia.

Tropical cyclone basins
Traditionally, areas tropical cycloneation are basins.

Bermuda Weather Service
The Bermuda Weather Service is Bermuda's national meteorological service.

Central Pacifice Centre
The Central Pacifice Center United States National Weather Service is main body responsible for tracking giving tropical cyclone warnings, watches, advisories, discussions, statements for Central North Pacific Basin.

Regional Specialized Meteorological Center
A Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre  is responsible for giving information, advisories, warnings regarding specific programy have a, agreed by decision at World Meteorologicalization as World Weather Watch.

12238 Actor
12238 Actor  is a Jupiter that was found on December 17, 1987 by E.

7803 Adachi
7803 Adachi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1997 by T.

85030 Admetos
85030 Admetos  is a Jupiter that was found on September 24, 1960 by C.

60001 Adélka
60001 Adélka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 4, 1999 by L.

14042 Agafonov
14042 Agafonov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1995 by T.

16155 Buddy
16155 Buddy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000 by J.

7420 Buffon
7420 Buffon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 04, 1991 by Elst, E.

39335 Caccin
39335 Caccin is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 10, 2002 by CINEOS.

7121 Busch
7121 Busch  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1989 by Borngen, F.

8256 Shenzhou
8256 Shenzhou is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on 25 October 1981 by Purple Mountain Observatory.

8992imity
8992imity is an asteroid that was found on October 14, 1980 at Purple Mountain Observatory in Nanking, China.

(173075) 2006 UC
173075  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 2006 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

12527 Anneraugh
12527 Anneraugh  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 1, 1998 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

12561 Howard
12561 Howard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1998 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

12874 Poisson
12874 Poisson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 19, 1998 by P.

7253 Nara
7253 Nara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1993 by F.

13543 Butler
13543 Butler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 2, 1992 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

96192 Calgary
96192 Calgary is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found by Andrew Lowe on October 6, 1991.

6256 Canova
6256 Canova is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Tom Gehrels.

17305 Caniff
17305 Caniff is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by C.

78816 Caripito
78816 Caripito is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 4, 2003 at Needville Observatory.

11073 Cavell
11073 Cavell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1992 by E.

6349 Acapulco
6349 Acapulco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 8, 1995 by M.

8833 Acer
8833 Acer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 3, 1989 by E.

22142 Loripryor
22142 Loripryor  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 1, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

23122 Lorgat
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 4, 2000.

35352 Texas
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 7, 1997.

35358 Lorifini
35358 Lorifini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 27, 1997 by L.

29292 Conniewalker
29292 Conniewalker  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 24, 1993 by C.

20282 Hedberg
20282 Hedberg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

24027 Downs
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999.

45073rose
45073rose  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1999 by J.

13122 Drava
13122 Drava  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1994 by E.

20281
20281  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20283 Elizaheller
20283 Elizaheller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20284 Andreilevin
20284 Andreilevin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20285 Lubin
20285 Lubin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

20286 Michta
20286 Michta  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Abson
Abson is a hamlet in Southire,d.

Arlington, Wisconsin
Arlington is a village in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States.

Discovery
__NOTOC__ .

15854 Numa
15854 Numa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 15, 1996 by V.

12575 Palmaria
12575 Palmaria  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999 by P.

12931 Mario
12931 Mario  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 7, 1999 by S.

133527 Fredearly
133527 Fredearly  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 5, 2003 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

13038 Woolston
13038 Woolston  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1990 by E.

35441 Kyoko
35441 Kyoko  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1998 by M.

84224 Kyte
84224 Kyte  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 2002 by R.

58707i
58707i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 2, 1998 by A.

8539
8539  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 19, 1993 by C.-I.

11438 Zeldovich
11438 Zeldovich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1973 by T.

14244 Labnow
14244 Labnow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Received Pronunciation
Received Pronunciation  is given to standard accent used by BBC.

Nobutoshi Kaneda
Nobutoshi Kaneda  is a football player.

Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi
Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi  is a football player.

Francesco Totti
Francesco Totti  is an football player.

Celestine Babayaro
Celestine Babayaro  is a football player.

Takashii
Takashii  is a football player.

Tetsuoi
Tetsuoi  is a football player.

Sunday Oliseh
Sunday Oliseh  is a football player.

Karel Poborský
Karel Poborský  is a football player.

Shoji Jo
Shoji Jo  is a football player.

Julius Aghahowa
Julius Aghahowa  is a football player.

Takumi Horiike
Takumi Horiike  is a football player.

Michel Miyazawa
Michel Miyazawa  is a football player.

Sydney F.C.
Sydney F.C.

Melbourne Victory F.C.
Melbourne Victory F.C.

Newcastle United Jets F.C.
Newcastle United Jets F.C.

Street prostitution
People working in this area areten regarded as lowest type prostitutes, but street prostitution also allows for people to only work occasionally, for example wheny need money to buy drugs.

Excitebike 64
"Excitebike 64" is a video game published by Nintendo developed by Left Field Productions.

Ionovici
Ionovici   was a military band leader composer.

Mihai Eminescu
Mihai Eminescu  , born "Mihail Eminovici", was a latetic poet,-known influential poet.

Pan flute
The pan flute pan pipe  is an old musical instrument that has five more pipes gradually increasing length .

Autocephaly
Autocephalyis status a church where bishop does not report to a higher ranking bishop.

Getae
The Getae  was given by Greeks to several tribes that occupied regions south Lower Danube, in is today northern Bulgaria, north Lower Danube, inia.

Dacians
Thes (Lat.

Scythians
Thes Scyths re an speaking people horse-riding nomadic pastoralists who dominated Pontic steppe throughout Classical Antiquity.

Wayne Bridge
Wayne Bridge is an footballer.

Shaun Wright-Phillips
Shaun Wright-Phillips is an footballer.

Darren Bent
Darren Bent is an footballer.

Stewart Downing
Stewart Downing is an footballer.

Matthew Upson
Matthew Upson is an footballer.

Micah Richards
Micah Richards is an footballer.

Scott Parker
Scott Parker is an footballer.

Curtis Davies
Curtis Davies is an footballer.

Jimmy Bullard
Jimmy Bullard is an footballer.

List geological features on Ariel
This list geological features on Ariel tells youd geological things on moonus called Ariel.

List geological features onda
This is a listd geological things onda.

List geological features on Oberon
This is a listd geological things on Oberon.

List geological features onia
This is a listd geological things onia.

12340 Stalle
12340 Stalle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1992 by E.

12386 Nikolova
12386 Nikolova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 28, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

12408 Fujioka
12408 Fujioka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1995 by Akimasa Nakamura at Kuma Kogen Astronomical Observatory.

12460 Mando
12460 Mando  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 1997 by N.

12477 Haiku
12477 Haiku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

Eugène Joseph Delporte
Eugène Joseph Delporte  was a astronomer.

129234 Silly
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 8, 2005.

13025 Zürich
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 28, 1989.

13018 Geoffjames
13018 Geoffjames  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 10, 1988 by E.

Apollo asteroids
The Apollo asteroids are a group asteroids near Earthd after 1862 Apollo, asteroid this group to be discovered by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth.

6354 Vangelis
6354 Vangelis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 03, 1934 by Eugène Delporte at Uccle.

13049 Butov
13049 Butov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 15, 1990 by L.

Perpetual motion
The term perpetual motion refers to a movement that goes on forever.

RPG Maker
The RPG Maker is a software which can be RPG  games easily even for people that are not experienced in game design .

Sphinx pinastri
The Pine Hawk-moth "" is a moth family Sphingidae.

11240 Piso
11240 Piso  is a Main-belt Asteroid.

11241 Eckhout
11241 Eckhout  is a Main-belt Asteroid.

11251 Icarion
11251 Icarion  is a Jupiter.

Ally
Ally is a word which means a person a group that works together with another person a group.

Tropical Storm Laura (2008)
Tropical Storm Laura wasd storm 2008tic hurricane season.

8887 Scheeres
8887 Scheeres  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 9, 1994 by E.

8885 Sette
8885 Sette  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 13, 1994 by M.

Implied repeal
The Doctrine Implied repeal is a concept in constitutionalory which states that an earlier Act Parliament cannot be repeal a later Act.

Building inspections
Overview.

75564 Audobon
is a main belt asteroid that was found in January 2, 2000.

7558 Yurlov
7558 Yurlov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1982 by L.

John de Menteith
Sir John de Menteith (c.

Zezë
The Zezë is a river that can be found insternia.

Dragova River
The Dragova River is a tributary Bistriţa River inia.

Digital subscriber line
DSL  is base for a number technologies digital data over a telephone line.

12067 Jeter
12067 Jeter  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

12075 Legg
12075 Legg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

12118 Mirotsin
12118 Mirotsin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 13, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

12130 Mousa
12130 Mousa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

12812 Storm
12182 Storm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 27, 1973 by F.

12270 Bozar
12270 Bozar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1990 by E.

12279 Laon
12279 Laon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1990 by E.

12280 Reims
12280 Reims  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1990 by E.

12368 Mutsaers
12368 Mutsaers  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1994 by E.

12445 Sirataka
12445 Sirataka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 24, 1996 by T.

16494 Oka
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1990.

16563 Ob
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992.

188178 Rinckart
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 23, 1992.

48909 Laurake
is a main belt asteroid that was found on June 26, 1998.

49987 Bonata
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000.

23166 Bilal
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 7, 2000.

Kenuma
Kenuma  is a football player.

Masaakiita
Masaakiita  is a football player.

Koichii
Koichii  is a football player.

Yasutaro Matsuki
Yasutaro Matsuki  is a football player.

Takeoi
Takeoi  is a football player.

Hugo Fernández
Hugo Fernández  is a football manager.

Hajime Ishii
Hajime Ishii  is a football player.

Tetsujii
Tetsujii  is a football player.

Eiji Ueda
Eiji Ueda  is a football player.

Tijanigida
Tijanigida  is a football player.

LMS diesel shunters
The London,d Railway  pioneered use diesel shunting locomotives in Great Britain.

British Rail Class 01/5
The Class 01/5 designation encompasses a variety privately-owned shunting locomotives that are operated on mainline railway system.

British Rail 11001
11001 was Railways diesel locomotives.

British Rail 11104
British Railways' 11104 locomotive was built by F.

British Rail 15107
British Rail 15107 was a locomotive commissioned by Great Railway, but after nationalisation.

British Rail Class D1/1
British Rail Class D1/1  was a class locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

British Rail Class D1/3
British Rail Class D1/3  was a locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

British Rail Class D2/1
British Rail Class D2/1 was a locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

British Rail Class D2/5
British Rail Class D2/5 was a locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

British Rail Class D2/7
British Rail Class D2/7 was a locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

Yasuharu Sorimachi
Yasuharu Sorimachi  is a football player.

Takayuki Suzuki
Takayuki Suzuki  is a football player.

Bismarck Barreto Faria
Bismarck Barreto Faria  is a football player.

Genoa C.F.C.
Genoa C.F.C.

U.S. Pro Vercelli Calcio
U.S.

A.S. Casale Calcio
A.S.

U.S.D.
U.S.D.

Bologna F.C. 1909
Bologna F.C.

British Rail Class D2/10
British Rail Class D2/10 was a locomotive type commissioned by Rail.

Torino F.C. 1906
Torino F.C.

British Rail Class D2/11
In 1958 Traction Ltd Beyer Peacock co-operated to produce five prototype diesel-electric shunting locomotives 0-4-0 wheel arrangement.

Dr. No (movie)
Dr.

British Rail Class D2/12
British Rail Class D2/12 was a locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

British Rail Class D3/1
British Rail Class D3/1 was a locomotive commissioned by Rail ind.

True Cross
The True Cross is given tos which are from actual cross upon which Jesus was crucified.

British Rail Class 401
The Railway  gave designation 2Bil to DC rail electric multiple units built during 1930s to work long-distance semi-fast services on newly electrified lines from London to Eastbourne, Portsmouth Reading.

British Rail Class 402
The Railway  gave designation 2Hal to electric multiple units built during late 1930s to work long-distance semi-fast services on newly electrified lines from London to Maidstone Gillingham .

British Rail Class 403
The Railway  gave designation 5BEL to 5-car all electric multiple units built to work prestigious Brighton Belle trains between London Victoria Brighton.

British Rail Class 404
The Railway  gave designations 4Cor, 4Res, 4Buf 4Gri to different types electric multiple unit built to work route between London Waterloo Portsmouth Harbour.

7317 Cabot
7317 Cabot is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 12, 1940 by György Kulin.

21410 Cahill
21410 Cahill is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by LINEAR.

British Rail Class 405
The Railway  gave designation Sub to wide variety electric multiple units thatre used on inner-suburban workings in South London area.

21409 Forbes
21409 Forbes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

British Rail Class 411
The Rail Class 411  electrical multiple unitsre built at Eastleigh works from 1956-63 for newly electrified main lines in Kent.

British Rail Class 413
The Rail Class 413  unitsreed in 1982 by permanently coupling two Class 414 2Hap units together.

Logical disk
A logical disk is a concept from computing.

British Rail Class 414
The Rail Class 414  electric multiple unitsre built between 1956 1963.

11426 Molster
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

11423 Cronin
11423 Cronin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 9, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

British Rail Class 415
British Rail Class 415  was a suburban 750V DC rail electric multiple unit commissioned by Region Railways.

British Rail Class 416
The Rail Class 416  electric multiple unitsre built between 1953 1956.

25039 Chensun
25039 Chensun is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998, by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

British Rail Class 418
British Rail Class 418  was a class electrical multiple unit commissioned by Railways Region.

Robert Green
Robert Green is an footballer.

25042 Qiujun
25042 Qiujun is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

British Rail Class 419
The Rail Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans re built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works.

British Rail Class 421
The Rail Class 421  electrical multiple unitsre built at BR York Works from 1964-1972.

British Rail Class 423
The Rail Class 423  electrical multiple unitsre built by BR at York Works from 1967 to 1974, although MBSOs TSOs 20, 7701-7720,re constructed at Derby Works.

25043 Fangxing
25043 Fangxing is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

British Rail Class 424
The Rail Class 424 "Networker Classic" electric multiple unit  was built in 1997 byz at Derby.

Always (Sum 41 song)
"Always" is recent single by Sum 41, released onir compilation album '.

British Rail Class 432
The Rail 4-REP electric multiple unitsre built by BR at York Works from 1966-1967 1974.

British Rail Class 438
The Rail 4-TC multiple unitsre unpowered fixedation 4 carriage set  converted by BR at York Works from locomotive-hauled Mark 1 carriages in 1966-1967 1974.

British Rail Class 442
The Rail Class 442 "Wessex Electric"  electrical multiple units,re introduced in 1988 on South Main Line from London Waterloo to Southampton Central, Bournemouth, Poole Weymouth.

British Rail Class 444
The Rail Class 444  "Desiro" electrical multiple unitsre built by Siemens AG from 2003-04.

British Rail Classes 445 446
The PEP Stockre prototype electric multiple units used on Rail's Region during early 1970s.

65769 Mahalia
65769 Mahalia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1995 by F.

Lipovans
Lipovanss  are Old Believers,ly ethnicigin, who settled in delta Danube River in Tulcea county in Dobrogea region easternia in southwestern Odessa Oblast  asll as inivtsi Oblast in Ukraine asll as in two villages in North Bulgaria.

British Rail Class 447
Class 447 was designation given to Electric multiple unit trains that would have run shuttle services  between London Victoria entertainment complex Battersea Power Station.

Cânaia River
The Cânaia River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Canon (company)
Canon is a company in that produces cameras, film, other products.

Iujbea River
The Iujbea River is a tributary Cânaia River inia.

British Rail Class 450
"This article concerns electric multiple unit used by South West Trains.

Stephen III Moldavia
Stephen III Moldavia Stephen III (c.

British Rail Class 455
The Rail Class 455 is a type electric multiple unit drawing power from a 750 V DC rail.

Serbs
Serbs  are a South Slavic people living ins Central Europe, mainly in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia-Herzegovina,, to a extent, in Croatia.

Slovaks
Latin America:   300,000  The Slovakss are astern Slavic people that primarily inhabit Slovakia speak Slovak language, which is closely language.

British Rail Class 456
The Rail Class 456 electrical multiple unitsre built by BREL at York Works from 1990-91.

Czechs
Czechs  are astern Slavic people Central Europe, living predominantly in Czech Republic.

Ctenophore
The phylum Ctenophora , commonly known as comb jellies'", is a phylum that includes sea gooseberry  Venus' girdle .

Croats
Croats  are a South Slavic nationly living in Croatia, Bosnia Herzegovina nearby countries.

Poles
The people, Poles , are a Slavic ethnic group Central Europe, living mainly ind.

Histories (Herodotus)
"The Histories" Herodotus Halicarnassus is considered work history in literature.

Thracians
The ancientsre a group Indo tribes who spoke language - a rare branch Indo language family.

British Rail Class 458
The South West Trains Class 458  electrical multiple unitsre built by Alstom atwood Heath between 1998 2000.

British Rail Class 460
The Rail Class 460  electrical multiple unitsre built by Alstom atwood Heath from 2000-01.

Domitian
Titus Flaviusus , commonly known as, was a Emperor who reigned from 14 September 81 until his death.

British Rail Class 465
The Rail Class 465 "Networker" electric multiple unitsre built by Cammell BREL between 1991 1993, by ABB Rail between 1993 1994.

British Rail Class 466
The Class 466 750V DC rail electric multiple unit  is a suburban EMU, which operates with Class 465 EMUs in southeast London Kent on network.

Roman Dacia
The province Dacia ons included modern regionsia, Banat Oltenia, temporarily Muntenia southern Moldova, but not nearby regions Moesia.

British Rail Class 482
"This article concerns trains used on Waterloo & City Line immediately prior to its takeover by London Underground in 1994.

Carol Iia
Carol Iia,iginal Prince Karl Eitel Friedrich Zephyrinus Ludwig-Sigmaringen, later simply , prince, was elected Domnitor ia on April, 1866, following overthrowdru Cuza.

British Rail Class 483
The Rail Class 483 electrical multiple unitsreiginally built by Metro-Cammell as 1938 tube stock units for London Underground.

Pechenegs
The Pechenegs Patzinaks re a semi-nomadic Turkic people Central steppes speaking Pecheneg language which language family.

Uzès
Uzès is a commune in Gard department in southernce.

First Empire
The First Empire was a medieval state founded in AD 632 in lands near Danube Delta disintegrated in AD 1018 after its annexation totine Empire.

Basarab I Wallachia
Basarab I was an early ruler principality Wallachia from perhaps as early as 1310 until 1352.

Dragoş
Dragoş  was a Maramureş Voivode ruling over lands was to become Moldavia .

High Middle Ages
The High Middle Ages was period history in,, centuries .

Kingdom Hungary
The Kingdom Hungary , which existed from 1000 to 1918,n from 1919 to 1946, was a considerable state in Central Europe.

Principalityia (1571–1711)
The Principalityia was a semi-independent state.

British Rail Class 485
The Rail Class 485  electrical multiple unitsreiginal built for London Electric Railway from 1923-31 asir 'Standard' tube stock.

British Rail Class 486
The Rail Class 486  electrical multiple unitsreiginally built for London Electric Railway from 1923-31 asir 'Standard' tube stock.

Suzerainty
Suzerainty   is a situation in which a region people is a tributary to a more entity which allows tributary limited domestic autonomy to control its foreign affairs.

British Rail Class 487
The Rail Class 487 electric multiple unitsre built by Electric in 1940, for use on Waterloo & City Line.

British Rail Class 488
The Rail Class 488 are unpowered trailer sets, converted from Mark 2F coaches for Gatwick Express service from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport.

British Rail Class 489
The Rail Class 489  is a type electrical multiple unit, specially on Gatwick Express trains, from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport.

Second-class citizen
Second-class citizen is an informal term a person who is discriminated against within a state other political jurisdiction, despiteir status as a citizen legal residentre.

British Rail Class 499
British Rail allocated Class 499 to a fleet six luggage vans used in electric multiple unitations on boat train services between London Dover.

British Rail Class 501
The Rail Class 501 electric multiple unitsre built in 1957/58 for use on LNWR/LMS suburban electric network Londond Region.

British Rail Class 502
The Rail Class 502 was a type electric multiple unitiginally built by Londond Railway atir Derby Works.

British Rail Class 503
British Rail Class 503 trainsre 70mph  electric multiple units.

British Rail Class 504
The Rail Class 504 was a unique type electric multiple unit that ran on 1200 V DC rail with side-contact current collection.

Alexander John Cuza
Alexander Cuza  was a-born politician who ruled as "Domnitor" United Principalities Wallachia Moldavia between 1859 1866.

British Rail Class 505
British Railways Class 505re 1,500 V DC electric multiple units  introduced in 1931 by Manchester, South Junction Altrincham Railway .

Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen
The House-Sigmaringen is cadet branch senior branch dynasty, known than branch which became Burgraves Nuremberg later ruleddenburg-Prussia Empire.

British Rail Class 506
The Rail Class 506 was a 3 carriage Electric Multiple Unit  built for local services between Manchester, Glossop Hadfield on Woodhead Line.

British Rail Class 507
British Rail Class 507 electric multiple unitsre built by BREL at York works from 1978 to 1979.

British Rail Class 508
The Rail Class 508 electric multiple units re built by BREL at York works in 1979-80.

Iaşi
Iaşi is a city in northeasternia.

British Rail Class AM1
Class AM1 was AC electric multiple units, converted from-rail DC electric stock in 1952 used on Lancaster/Morecambe/Heysham route.

Russo War (1877–1878)
The Russo War 1877–1878 had itsigins in a rise in nationalism ins asll as in goal recovering territorial losses it had suffered during War.

Kingdomia
The Kingdomia  was old state based on a parliamentary monarchy between March 13, 1881 December 30, 1947, specified by First , respectively, Second Constitutionia.

Treatyon
The Treatyon is peace treatyed at end World War I by Allies World War I, on side, Hungary, seen as a successor Austria-Hungary, on other.

Treaty Saint-Germain-en-Laye (1919)
The Treaty Saint-Germain-en-Laye, was signed on 10 September 1919 by victorious Allies World War I on hand by new Republic Austria on other.

Treaty Paris (1920)
The 1920 Treaty Paris was an act signed byia Principal Allied Powers time  whose purpose was recognition sovereignty over Bessarabia.

Bessarabia
Bessarabia is word for area in Europe that is bordered by Dniester River on east Prut River onst.

Bukovina
Bukovina is a historical region in bothia Ukraine.

SR Class CP
The Railway  gave designation CP to fleet AC electric multiple units used on London, Brighton South Coast Railway lines in Crystal Palace area.

SR Class CW
The Railway  gave designation CW to fleet AC electric multiple units used on lines to Coulsdon Wallington.

MR electric units
Thed Railway experimented with electrification on itsam-Morecambe-Lancaster line.

SR Class SL
The Railway  gave designation SL to fleet AC electric multiple units used on London, Brighton South Coast Railway South London Line.

TOPS
Total Operations Processing System, TOPS, is a computer system for managing locomotives rolling stock  owned by a rail system.

British Rail BEMU
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car Multiple unit, built at same time in same style as prototype Derby Lightweightl multiple units.

Dobruja
Dobruja is an area between Bulgariaia.

LNER electric units
In 1937 London North Railway dered a fleet articulated electric multiple unit  passenger trains for use on Tyneside Electric lines, which linked city Newcastle upon Tyne with coast at North Shields South Shields.

România Mare
România Mare means "Kingdomia under Kingd I" in language.

LNWR electric units
During 1909-1922, London North Railway embarked on ae-scale project to electrifyir whole London inner-suburban network, encompassing lines from London Euston to Watford North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond.

Golaniad
Golaniad was a protest in Bucharest,ia.

LYR electric units
Theireire Railway electrified urban railway lines in Liverpool Manchester inder to improve servicefered against competition being put up by new electric tramways.

Duchyd Semigallia
Duchyd Semigallia was a duchy in Baltic region that existed from 1562 through 1795.

Communes Calvados department
There are 706 communes in Calvados "département" ince.

Carol IIia
Carol IIia  was kingia from June 8, 1930 until September 6, 1940.

SR Class 2Nol
The Railway  gave designation 2Nol to electric multiple units built during 1930s from old London South Railway carriage bodies on new underframes.

Ion Antonescu
Ion Victor Antonescu (June 15, 1882, Piteşti – June 1, 1946 was prime ministeria from September 4, 1940 to August 23, 1944.

Ablon
Ablon is a commune.

SR Class 2SL
The Railway  gave designation 2SL to fleet electric multiple units on South London lines.

Acqueville, Calvados
Acqueville is a commune.

Agy
Agy is a commune.

Aignerville
Aignerville is a commune.

Airan
Airan is a commune.

Amayé-sur-Orne
Amayé-sur-Orne is a commune.

Amayé-sur-Seulles
Amayé-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Amblie
Amblie is a commune.

Amfreville, Calvados
Amfreville, Calvados is a commune.

Anctoville
Anctoville is a commune.

Angerville, Calvados
Angerville, Calvados is a commune.

Angoville, Calvados
Angoville, Calvados is a commune.

Anguerny
Anguerny is a commune.

Anisy
Anisy is a commune.

Annebault
Annebault is a commune.

Arganchy
Arganchy is a commune.

Argences
Argences is a commune.

Arromanches-les-Bains
Arromanches-les-Bains is a commune.

Asnelles
Asnelles is a commune.

Asnières-en-Bessin
Asnières-en-Bessin is a commune.

Auberville
Auberville is a commune.

Aubigny, Calvados
Aubigny, Calvados is a commune.

Audrieu
Audrieu is a commune.

Aunay-sur-Odon
Aunay-sur-Odon is a commune.

Auquainville
Auquainville is a commune.

Authie, Calvados
Authie, Calvados is a commune.

Auvillars
Auvillars is a commune.

Avenay
Avenay is a commune.

Balleroy
Balleroy is a commune.

Banneville-la-Campagne
Banneville-la-Campagne is a commune.

Banneville-sur-Ajon
Banneville-sur-Ajon is a commune.

Banville
Banville is a commune.

Barbery, Calvados
Barbery, Calvados is a commune.

Barbeville
Barbeville is a commune.

Barneville-la
Barneville-la is a commune.

Baron-sur-Odon
Baron-sur-Odon is a commune.

Barou-en-Auge
Barou-en-Auge is a commune.

Basly
Basly is a commune.

Basseneville
Basseneville is a commune.

Bauquay
Bauquay is a commune.

Bavent
Bavent is a commune.

Bayeux
Bayeux is a commune.

Bazenville
Bazenville is a commune.

Beaufour-Druval
Beaufour-Druval is a commune.

Beaulieu, Calvados
Beaulieu, Calvados is a commune.

Beaumais
Beaumais is a commune.

Beaumesnil, Calvados
Beaumesnil, Calvados is a commune.

Beaumont-en-Auge
Beaumont-en-Auge is a commune.

Bellengreville, Calvados
Bellengreville, Calvados is a commune.

Bellou
Bellou is a commune.

Benerville-sur-Mer
Benerville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Bernesq
Bernesq is a commune.

Bernières-d'Ailly
Bernières-d'Ailly is a commune.

Bernières-le-Patry
Bernières-le-Patry is a commune.

Bernières-sur-Mer
Bernières-sur-Mer is a commune.

Beuvillers, Calvados
Beuvillers, Calvados is a commune.

Beuvron-en-Auge
Beuvron-en-Auge is a commune.

Billy, Calvados
Billy, Calvados is a commune.

Bissières
Bissières is a commune.

Biéville-Beuville
Biéville-Beuville is a commune.

Biéville-Quétiéville
Biéville-Quétiéville is a commune.

Blainville-sur-Orne
Blainville-sur-Orne is a commune.

Blangy-le-Château
Blangy-le-Château is a commune.

Blay
Blay is a commune.

Blonville-sur-Mer
Blonville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Boissey, Calvados
Boissey, Calvados is a commune.

Bonnebosq
Bonnebosq is a commune.

Bonnemaison
Bonnemaison is a commune.

Bonneville-la-Louvet
Bonneville-la-Louvet is a commune.

Bonneville-sur-Touques
Bonneville-sur-Touques is a commune.

Bonnœil
Bonnœil is a commune.

Bons-Tassilly
Bons-Tassilly is a commune.

Bougy
Bougy is a commune.

Boulon
Boulon is a commune.

Bourgeauville
Bourgeauville is a commune.

Bourguébus
Bourguébus is a commune.

Branville
Branville is a commune.

Bretteville-l'Orgueilleuse
Bretteville-l'Orgueilleuse is a commune.

Bretteville-le-Rabet
Bretteville-le-Rabet is a commune.

Bretteville-sur-Dives
Bretteville-sur-Dives is a commune.

Bretteville-sur-Laize
Bretteville-sur-Laize is a commune.

SR Class 2Wim
2Wim was designation given, by Railway , to a fleet electric multiple units, on West Croydon to Wimbledon Line.

SR Class 4DD
Conceived by Oliver Bulleid for Railway's Dartford commuter route, two 4DD electric multiple unitsre only double-deck trains to run on main line railway network in Britain.

Network SouthEast
Network SouthEast  was three passenger sectors Rail created in 1982.

SR Class 4Lav
The Railway  gave designation 4Lav to electric multiple units built to work semi-fast services on route between London Brighton.

SR Class 6Pul
The Railway  gave designations 6Pul, 6Cit 6Pan to electric multiple units built to work routes between London Brighton, West Worthing Eastbourne.

British Rail Mark 3
British Rail's fundamental design carriage was designated Mark 3, was introduced in 1976 primarily for use on High Speed Train .

Desiro
Desiro is brand for a design modular train manufactured by Siemensy.

Electrostar
Electrostar is given to a series related electric multiple-unit passenger trains manufactured by Bombardiersportation,lyz.

Bretteville-sur-Odon
Bretteville-sur-Odon is a commune.

Bricqueville
Bricqueville is a commune.

Brouay
Brouay is a commune.

Brucourt
Brucourt is a commune.

Brémoy
Brémoy is a commune.

Bréville-les-Monts
Bréville-les-Monts is a commune.

Bucéels
Bucéels is a commune.

Burcy, Calvados
Burcy, Calvados is a commune.

Bures-les-Monts
Bures-les-Monts is a commune.

Bénouville, Calvados
Bénouville, Calvados is a commune.

Bény-sur-Mer
Bény-sur-Mer is a commune.

Cabourg
Cabourg is a commune.

Cagny, Calvados
Cagny, Calvados is a commune.

Cahagnes
Cahagnes is a commune.

Cahagnolles
Cahagnolles is a commune.

Cairon
Cairon is a commune.

Juniper (train)
The Coradia Juniper series is a family Electric Multiple Unit trains built bysport Birmingham, subcontractor: Ganz Hunslet, Hungary  for use on railway network in Great Britain.

Cambes-en-Plaine
Cambes-en-Plaine is a commune.

Cambremer
Cambremer is a commune.

Campagnolles
Campagnolles is a commune.

Campandré-Valcongrain
Campandré-Valcongrain is a commune.

Campeaux, Calvados
Campeaux, Calvados is a commune.

Campigny, Calvados
Campigny, Calvados is a commune.

Canapville, Calvados
Canapville, Calvados is a commune.

Canchy, Calvados
Canchy, Calvados is a commune.

Canteloup, Calvados
Canteloup, Calvados is a commune.

Carcagny
Carcagny is a commune.

Networker (train)
The Networker is a family trains which operate on UK railway system.

Cardonville
Cardonville is a commune.

Carpiquet
Carpiquet is a commune.

Cartigny-l'Épinay
Cartigny-l'Épinay is a commune.

Carville, Calvados
Carville, Calvados is a commune.

Castillon, Calvados
Castillon, Calvados is a commune.

Castillon-en-Auge
Castillon-en-Auge is a commune.

Castilly
Castilly is a commune.

Caumont-l'Éventé
Caumont-l'Éventé is a commune.

Caumont-sur-Orne
Caumont-sur-Orne is a commune.

Cauvicourt
Cauvicourt is a commune.

Cauville
Cauville is a commune.

Cernay, Calvados
Cernay, Calvados is a commune.

Cerqueux
Cerqueux is a commune.

Nematode
The roundworms nematodes  are diverse phylum pseudocoelomates, diverse all animals.

Cesny-Bois-Halbout
Cesny-Bois-Halbout is a commune.

Cesny-aux-Vignes
Cesny-aux-Vignes is a commune.

Champ-du-Boult
Champ-du-Boult is a commune.

Cheffreville-Tonnencourt
Cheffreville-Tonnencourt is a commune.

Cheux
Cheux is a commune.

Chicheboville
Chicheboville is a commune.

Chouain
Chouain is a commune.

Chênedollé
Chênedollé is a commune.

Cintheaux
Cintheaux is a commune.

Clarbec
Clarbec is a commune.

Clinchamps-sur-Orne
Clinchamps-sur-Orne is a commune.

Clécy
Clécy is a commune.

Cléville, Calvados
Cléville, Calvados is a commune.

Colleville-Montgomery
Colleville-Montgomery is a commune.

Colleville-sur-Mer
Colleville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Colombelles
Colombelles is a commune.

Colombiers-sur-Seulles
Colombiers-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Colombières
Colombières is a commune.

Colomby-sur-Thaon
Colomby-sur-Thaon is a commune.

Combray
Combray is a commune.

Commes
Commes is a commune.

Condé-sur-Ifs
Condé-sur-Ifs is a commune.

Condé-sur-Noireau
Condé-sur-Noireau is a commune.

Condé-sur-Seulles
Condé-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Conteville, Calvados
Conteville, Calvados is a commune.

Coquainvilliers
Coquainvilliers is a commune.

Corbon, Calvados
Corbon, Calvados is a commune.

Cordebugle
Cordebugle is a commune.

Cordey
Cordey is a commune.

Cormelles-le-Royal
Cormelles-le-Royal is a commune.

Cormolain
Cormolain is a commune.

Cossesseville
Cossesseville is a commune.

Cottun
Cottun is a commune.

Coudray-Rabut
Coudray-Rabut is a commune.

Coulombs, Calvados
Coulombs, Calvados is a commune.

Coulonces, Calvados
Coulonces, Calvados is a commune.

Coulvain
Coulvain is a commune.

Coupesarte
Coupesarte is a commune.

Courcy, Calvados
Courcy, Calvados is a commune.

Courseulles-sur-Mer
Courseulles-sur-Mer is a commune.

Courson
Courson is a commune.

Courtonne-la-Meurdrac
Courtonne-la-Meurdrac is a commune.

Courtonne-les-Deux-Églises
Courtonne-les-Deux-Églises is a commune.

Courvaudon
Courvaudon is a commune.

Cresserons
Cresserons is a commune.

Cresseveuille
Cresseveuille is a commune.

Creully
Creully is a commune.

Cricquebœuf
Cricquebœuf is a commune.

Cricqueville-en-Auge
Cricqueville-en-Auge is a commune.

Cricqueville-en-Bessin
Cricqueville-en-Bessin is a commune.

Cristot
Cristot is a commune.

Crocy
Crocy is a commune.

Croisilles, Calvados
Croisilles, Calvados is a commune.

Croissanville
Croissanville is a commune.

Crouay
Crouay is a commune.

Crèvecœur-en-Auge
Crèvecœur-en-Auge is a commune.

Crépon
Crépon is a commune.

Culey-le-Patry
Culey-le-Patry is a commune.

Cully, Calvados
Cully, Calvados is a commune.

Curcy-sur-Orne
Curcy-sur-Orne is a commune.

Cussy
Cussy is a commune.

Cuverville, Calvados
Cuverville, Calvados is a commune.

Damblainville
Damblainville is a commune.

Dampierre, Calvados
Dampierre, Calvados is a commune.

Danestal
Danestal is a commune.

Danvou-la-Ferrière
Danvou-la-Ferrière is a commune.

Deauville
Deauville is a commune.

Deux-Jumeaux
Deux-Jumeaux is a commune.

Dives-sur-Mer
Dives-sur-Mer is a commune.

Donnay
Donnay is a commune.

Douville-en-Auge
Douville-en-Auge is a commune.

Douvres-la-Délivrande
Douvres-la-Délivrande is a commune.

Dozulé
Dozulé is a commune.

Drubec
Drubec is a commune.

Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite
Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite is a commune.

Démouville
Démouville is a commune.

Ellon, Calvados
Ellon, Calvados is a commune.

Englesqueville-en-Auge
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune.

Englesqueville-la-Percée
Englesqueville-la-Percée is a commune.

Eraines
Eraines is a commune.

Ernes
Ernes is a commune.

Escoville
Escoville is a commune.

Espins
Espins is a commune.

Esquay-Notre-Dame
Esquay-Notre-Dame is a commune.

Esquay-sur-Seulles
Esquay-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Esson
Esson is a commune.

Estry
Estry is a commune.

Estrées-la-Campagne
Estrées-la-Campagne is a commune.

Falaise, Calvados
Falaise, Calvados is a commune.

Familly
Familly is a commune.

Fauguernon
Fauguernon is a commune.

Fervaques
Fervaques is a commune.

Feuguerolles-Bully
Feuguerolles-Bully is a commune.

Fierville-Bray
Fierville-Bray is a commune.

Fierville-les-Parcs
Fierville-les-Parcs is a commune.

Firfol
Firfol is a commune.

Fleury-sur-Orne
Fleury-sur-Orne is a commune.

Fontaine-Henry
Fontaine-Henry is a commune.

Fontaine-le-Pin
Fontaine-le-Pin is a commune.

Fontaine-Étoupefour
Fontaine-Étoupefour is a commune.

Fontenay-le-Marmion
Fontenay-le-Marmion is a commune.

Fontenay-le-Pesnel
Fontenay-le-Pesnel is a commune.

Fontenermont
Fontenermont is a commune.

Formentin
Formentin is a commune.

Formigny
Formigny is a commune.

Negovanu River (Sadu)
Theu River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Foulognes
Foulognes is a commune.

Fourches
Fourches is a commune.

Fourneaux-le-Val
Fourneaux-le-Val is a commune.

Valea Pitarului River
The Valea Pitarului River is a tributary Sadu River inia.

Fourneville
Fourneville is a commune.

Fresney-le-Puceux
Fresney-le-Puceux is a commune.

Fresney-le-Vieux
Fresney-le-Vieux is a commune.

Fresné-la-Mère
Fresné-la-Mère is a commune.

Friardel
Friardel is a commune.

Frénouville
Frénouville is a commune.

Fumichon
Fumichon is a commune.

Garcelles-Secqueville
Garcelles-Secqueville is a commune.

Gavrus
Gavrus is a commune.

Genneville
Genneville is a commune.

Gerrots
Gerrots is a commune.

Giberville
Giberville is a commune.

Glanville, Calvados
Glanville, Calvados is a commune.

Glos
Glos is a commune.

Gonneville-en-Auge
Gonneville-en-Auge is a commune.

Gonneville-sur-Honfleur
Gonneville-sur-Honfleur is a commune.

Valea Neagră River (Prejmer)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Gonneville-sur-Mer
Gonneville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Goupillières, Calvados
Goupillières, Calvados is a commune.

Goustranville
Goustranville is a commune.

Gouvix
Gouvix is a commune.

Grainvillenerie
Grainvillenerie is a commune.

Grainville-sur-Odon
Grainville-sur-Odon is a commune.

Grandcamp-Maisy
Grandcamp-Maisy is a commune.

Grandchamp-le-Château
Grandchamp-le-Château is a commune.

Grangues
Grangues is a commune.

Graye-sur-Mer
Graye-sur-Mer is a commune.

Grentheville
Grentheville is a commune.

Valea Neagră River (Olt)
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Grimbosq
Grimbosq is a commune.

Guéron
Guéron is a commune.

Géfosse-Fontenay
Géfosse-Fontenay is a commune.

Hamars
Hamars is a commune.

Hermanville-sur-Mer
Hermanville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Hermival-les-Vaux
Hermival-les-Vaux is a commune.

Heuland
Heuland is a commune.

Heurtevent
Heurtevent is a commune.

Hiéville
Hiéville is a commune.

Honfleur
Honfleur is a commune.

Hotot-en-Auge
Hotot-en-Auge is a commune.

Hottot-les-Bagues
Hottot-les-Bagues is a commune.

Houlgate
Houlgate is a commune.

Hubert-Folie
Hubert-Folie is a commune.

Hérouville-Saint-Clair
Hérouville-Saint-Clair is a commune.

Sălişte River (Olt)
The Sălişte River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Hérouvillette
Hérouvillette is a commune.

Ifs, Calvados
Ifs, Calvados is a commune.

Isigny-sur-Mer
Isigny-sur-Mer is a commune.

Janville, Calvados
Janville, Calvados is a commune.

Jort
Jort is a commune.

Juaye-Mondaye
Juaye-Mondaye is a commune.

Jurques
Jurques is a commune.

Juvigny-sur-Seulles
Juvigny-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Mândra River (Olt)
The Mândra River is a tributary Olt River inia.

L'Hôtellerie
L'Hôtellerie is a commune.

L'Oudon
L'Oudon is a commune.

La Bazoque, Calvados
La Bazoque, Calvados is a commune.

La Bigne
La Bigne is a commune.

La Boissière, Calvados
La Boissière, Calvados is a commune.

La Brévière
La Brévière is a commune.

La Caine
La Caine is a commune.

La Cambe
La Cambe is a commune.

La Chapelle-Engerbold
La Chapelle-Engerbold is a commune.

La Chapelle-Haute-Grue
La Chapelle-Haute-Grue is a commune.

La Chapelle-Yvon
La Chapelle-Yvon is a commune.

La Croupte
La Croupte is a commune.

La Ferrièreg
La Ferrièreg is a commune.

La Folie
La Folie is a commune.

Sebeş River (Sibiu)
The Sebeş River is a tributary Olt River inia.

La Folletière-Abenon
La Folletière-Abenon is a commune.

La Graverie
La Graverie is a commune.

La Hoguette
La Hoguette is a commune.

La Houblonnière
La Houblonnière is a commune.

La Lande-sur-Drôme
La Lande-sur-Drôme is a commune.

La Pommeraye, Calvados
La Pommeraye, Calvados is a commune.

La Rivière-Saint-Sauveur
La Rivière-Saint-Sauveur is a commune.

La Rocque
La Rocque is a commune.

La Roque-Baignard
La Roque-Baignard is a commune.

La Vacquerie
La Vacquerie is a commune.

La Vespière
La Vespière is a commune.

La Villette, Calvados
La Villette, Calvados is a commune.

Valea lui Ionel River
The Valea lui Ionel is a headwater Sebeş River inia.

Laize-la-Ville
Laize-la-Ville is a commune.

Landelles-et-Coupigny
Landelles-et-Coupigny is a commune.

Landes-sur-Ajon
Landes-sur-Ajon is a commune.

Langrune-sur-Mer
Langrune-sur-Mer is a commune.

Lantheuil
Lantheuil is a commune.

Lasson, Calvados
Lasson, Calvados is a commune.

Lassy, Calvados
Lassy, Calvados is a commune.

Le Breuil-en-Auge
Le Breuil-en-Auge is a commune.

Le Breuil-en-Bessin
Le Breuil-en-Bessin is a commune.

Le Brévedent
Le Brévedent is a commune.

Le Bény-Bocage
Le Bény-Bocage is a commune.

Valea lui Fătu River
The Valea lui Fătu River is a headwater Sebeş River inia.

Le Bô
Le Bô is a commune.

Le Bû-sur-Rouvres
Le Bû-sur-Rouvres is a commune.

Le Désert
Le Désert is a commune.

Le Détroit
Le Détroit is a commune.

Le Faulq
Le Faulq is a commune.

Le Fournet
Le Fournet is a commune.

Le Fresne-Camilly
Le Fresne-Camilly is a commune.

Le Gast
Le Gast is a commune.

Le Locheur
Le Locheur is a commune.

Le Manoir, Calvados
Le Manoir, Calvados is a commune.

Le Marais-la-Chapelle
Le Marais-la-Chapelle is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Auzouf
Le Mesnil-Auzouf is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Bacley
Le Mesnil-Bacley is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Benoist
Le Mesnil-Benoist is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Caussois
Le Mesnil-Caussois is a commune.

Le Mesnild
Le Mesnild is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Eudes
Le Mesnil-Eudes is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Germain
Le Mesnil-Germain is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Guillaume
Le Mesnil-Guillaume is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Mauger
Le Mesnil-Mauger is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Patry
Le Mesnil-Patry is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Robert
Le Mesnil-Robert is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Simon, Calvados
Le Mesnil-Simon, Calvados is a commune.

Le Mesnil-Villement
Le Mesnil-Villement is a commune.

Cafarul River
The Cafarul River is a tributary Valea lui Fătu River inia.

Le Mesnil-au-Grain
Le Mesnil-au-Grain is a commune.

Le Mesnil-surgy
Le Mesnil-surgy is a commune.

Le Molay-Littry
Le Molay-Littry is a commune.

Le Pin, Calvados
Le Pin, Calvados is a commune.

Le Plessis-Grimoult
Le Plessis-Grimoult is a commune.

Le Pré-d'Auge
Le Pré-d'Auge is a commune.

Le Reculey
Le Reculey is a commune.

Le Theil-Bocage
Le Theil-Bocage is a commune.

Le Theil-en-Auge
Le Theil-en-Auge is a commune.

Le Torquesne
Le Torquesne is a commune.

Le Tourneur
Le Tourneur is a commune.

Le Tronquay, Calvados
Le Tronquay, Calvados is a commune.

Le Vey
Le Vey is a commune.

Leffard
Leffard is a commune.

Les Autels-Saint-Bazile
Les Autels-Saint-Bazile is a commune.

Les Authieux-Papion
Les Authieux-Papion is a commune.

Les Authieux-sur-Calonne
Les Authieux-sur-Calonne is a commune.

Les Isles-Bardel
Les Isles-Bardel is a commune.

Les Loges, Calvados
Les Loges, Calvados is a commune.

Les Loges-Saulces
Les Loges-Saulces is a commune.

Les Monceaux
Les Monceaux is a commune.

Les Moutiers-Hubert
Les Moutiers-Hubert is a commune.

Lotrişorul River
The Lotrişorul River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Les Moutiers-en-Auge
Les Moutiers-en-Auge is a commune.

Les Moutiers-en-Cinglais
Les Moutiers-en-Cinglais is a commune.

Les Oubeaux
Les Oubeaux is a commune.

Lessard-et-le-Chêne
Lessard-et-le-Chêne is a commune.

Lingèvres
Lingèvres is a commune.

Lion-sur-Mer
Lion-sur-Mer is a commune.

Lisieux
Lisieux is a commune.

Lison
Lison is a commune.

Lisores
Lisores is a commune.

Litteau
Litteau is a commune.

Livarot
Livarot is a commune.

Livry, Calvados
Livry, Calvados is a commune.

Longraye
Longraye is a commune.

Longues-sur-Mer
Longues-sur-Mer is a commune.

Longueville, Calvados
Longueville, Calvados is a commune.

Longvillers
Longvillers is a commune.

Loucelles
Loucelles is a commune.

Louvagny
Louvagny is a commune.

Louvigny, Calvados
Louvigny, Calvados is a commune.

Louvières, Calvados
Louvières, Calvados is a commune.

Luc-sur-Mer
Luc-sur-Mer is a commune.

Léaupartie
Léaupartie is a commune.

Lécaude
Lécaude is a commune.

Lénault
Lénault is a commune.

Magny-en-Bessin
Magny-en-Bessin is a commune.

Magny-la-Campagne
Magny-la-Campagne is a commune.

Magny-le-Freule
Magny-le-Freule is a commune.

Maisoncelles-Pelvey
Maisoncelles-Pelvey is a commune.

Maisoncelles-la
Maisoncelles-la is a commune.

Maisoncelles-sur-Ajon
Maisoncelles-sur-Ajon is a commune.

Maisons, Calvados
Maisons, Calvados is a commune.

Maizet
Maizet is a commune.

Maizières, Calvados
Maizières, Calvados is a commune.

Malloué
Malloué is a commune.

Maltot
Maltot is a commune.

Mandeville-en-Bessin
Mandeville-en-Bessin is a commune.

Manerbe
Manerbe is a commune.

Manneville-la-Pipard
Manneville-la-Pipard is a commune.

Manvieux
Manvieux is a commune.

Marolles, Calvados
Marolles, Calvados is a commune.

Martainville, Calvados
Martainville, Calvados is a commune.

Martigny-sur-l'Ante
Martigny-sur-l'Ante is a commune.

Martragny
Martragny is a commune.

Mathieu, Calvados
Mathieu, Calvados is a commune.

May-sur-Orne
May-sur-Orne is a commune.

Mervilleceville-Plage
Mervilleceville-Plage is a commune.

Meslay, Calvados
Meslay, Calvados is a commune.

Mesnil-Clinchamps
Mesnil-Clinchamps is a commune.

Meulles
Meulles is a commune.

Meuvaines
Meuvaines is a commune.

Missy, Calvados
Missy, Calvados is a commune.

Mittois
Mittois is a commune.

Monceaux-en-Bessin
Monceaux-en-Bessin is a commune.

Mondeville, Calvados
Mondeville, Calvados is a commune.

Mondrainville
Mondrainville is a commune.

Monfréville
Monfréville is a commune.

Montd
Montd is a commune.

Montamy
Montamy is a commune.

Montchamp, Calvados
Montchamp, Calvados is a commune.

Montchauvet, Calvados
Montchauvet, Calvados is a commune.

Monteille
Monteille is a commune.

Montfiquet
Montfiquet is a commune.

Montigny, Calvados
Montigny, Calvados is a commune.

Montreuil-en-Auge
Montreuil-en-Auge is a commune.

Monts-en-Bessin
Monts-en-Bessin is a commune.

Montviette
Montviette is a commune.

Morteaux-Coulibœuf
Morteaux-Coulibœuf is a commune.

Mosles
Mosles is a commune.

Mouen
Mouen is a commune.

Moulines, Calvados
Moulines, Calvados is a commune.

Moult, Calvados
Moult, Calvados is a commune.

Moyaux
Moyaux is a commune.

Mutrécy
Mutrécy is a commune.

Méry-Corbon
Méry-Corbon is a commune.

Mézidon-Canon
Mézidon-Canon is a commune.

Neuilly-la-Forêt
Neuilly-la-Forêt is a commune.

Nonant
Nonant is a commune.

Norolles
Norolles is a commune.

Noron-l'Abbaye
Noron-l'Abbaye is a commune.

Noron-la-Poterie
Noron-la-Poterie is a commune.

Norrey-en-Auge
Norrey-en-Auge is a commune.

Notre-Dame-d'Estrées
Notre-Dame-d'Estrées is a commune.

Notre-Dame-de-Courson
Notre-Dame-de-Courson is a commune.

Notre-Dame-de-Livaye
Notre-Dame-de-Livaye is a commune.

Noyers-Bocage
Noyers-Bocage is a commune.

Olendon
Olendon is a commune.

Ondefontaine
Ondefontaine is a commune.

Orbec
Orbec is a commune.

Osmanville
Osmanville is a commune.

Ouffières
Ouffières is a commune.

Ouilly-du-Houley
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune.

Ouilly-le-Tesson
Ouilly-le-Tesson is a commune.

Ouilly-le-Vicomte
Ouilly-le-Vicomte is a commune.

Ouistreham
Ouistreham is a commune.

Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée
Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée is a commune.

Ouézy
Ouézy is a commune.

Parfouru-sur-Odon
Parfouru-sur-Odon is a commune.

Pennedepie
Pennedepie is a commune.

Percy-en-Auge
Percy-en-Auge is a commune.

Perrières
Perrières is a commune.

Pertheville-Ners
Pertheville-Ners is a commune.

Petiville, Calvados
Petiville, Calvados is a commune.

Pierrefitte-en-Auge
Pierrefitte-en-Auge is a commune.

Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais
Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune.

Pierrepont, Calvados
Pierrepont, Calvados is a commune.

Pierres, Calvados
Pierres, Calvados is a commune.

Placy
Placy is a commune.

Planquery
Planquery is a commune.

Plumetot
Plumetot is a commune.

Pontger
Pontger is a commune.

Pont-Farcy
Pont-Farcy is a commune.

Pont-d'Ouilly
Pont-d'Ouilly is a commune.

Pont-l'Évêque, Calvados
Pont-l'Évêque, Calvados is a commune.

Pontécoulant
Pontécoulant is a commune.

Port-en-Bessin-Huppain
Port-en-Bessin-Huppain is a commune.

Potigny
Potigny is a commune.

Poussy-la-Campagne
Poussy-la-Campagne is a commune.

Presles, Calvados
Presles, Calvados is a commune.

Proussy
Proussy is a commune.

Préaux-Bocage
Préaux-Bocage is a commune.

Préaux-Saint-Sébastien
Préaux-Saint-Sébastien is a commune.

Prêtreville
Prêtreville is a commune.

Putot-en-Auge
Putot-en-Auge is a commune.

Putot-en-Bessin
Putot-en-Bessin is a commune.

Périers-en-Auge
Périers-en-Auge is a commune.

Périers-sur-le-Dan
Périers-sur-le-Dan is a commune.

Périgny, Calvados
Périgny, Calvados is a commune.

Quetteville
Quetteville is a commune.

Ranchy
Ranchy is a commune.

Ranville
Ranville is a commune.

Rapilly
Rapilly is a commune.

Repentigny, Calvados
Repentigny, Calvados is a commune.

Reux
Reux is a commune.

Reviers
Reviers is a commune.

Rocquancourt
Rocquancourt is a commune.

Rocques
Rocques is a commune.

Rosel
Rosel is a commune.

Rots
Rots is a commune.

Roucamps
Roucamps is a commune.

Roullours
Roullours is a commune.

Rouvres, Calvados
Rouvres, Calvados is a commune.

Rubercy
Rubercy is a commune.

Rucqueville
Rucqueville is a commune.

Rully, Calvados
Rully, Calvados is a commune.

Rumesnil
Rumesnil is a commune.

Russy, Calvados
Russy, Calvados is a commune.

Ryes
Ryes is a commune.

Saint-le-Malherbe
Saint-le-Malherbe is a commune.

Saint-de-Cramesnil
Saint-de-Cramesnil is a commune.

Saint-André-d'Hébertot
Saint-André-d'Hébertot is a commune.

Saint-André-sur-Orne
Saint-André-sur-Orne is a commune.

Saint-Arnoult, Calvados
Saint-Arnoult, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-d'Arquenay
Saint-Aubin-d'Arquenay is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-des-Bois, Calvados
Saint-Aubin-des-Bois, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer, Calvados
Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Benoît-d'Hébertot
Saint-Benoît-d'Hébertot is a commune.

Saint-Charles-de-Percy
Saint-Charles-de-Percy is a commune.

Saint-Contest
Saint-Contest is a commune.

Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray
Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray is a commune.

Saint-Côme-de-Fresné
Saint-Côme-de-Fresné is a commune.

Saint-Denis-Maisoncelles
Saint-Denis-Maisoncelles is a commune.

Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc
Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc is a commune.

Saint-Denis-de-Méré
Saint-Denis-de-Méré is a commune.

Saint-Désir
Saint-Désir is a commune.

Saint-Gabriel-Brécy
Saint-Gabriel-Brécy is a commune.

Saint-Gatien-des-Bois
Saint-Gatien-des-Bois is a commune.

Saint-Georges-d'Aunay
Saint-Georges-d'Aunay is a commune.

Saint-Georges-en-Auge
Saint-Georges-en-Auge is a commune.

Saint-Germain-Langot
Saint-Germain-Langot is a commune.

Saint-Germain-d'Ectot
Saint-Germain-d'Ectot is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-Livet
Saint-Germain-de-Livet is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery
Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery is a commune.

Saint-Germain-de-Tallevende-la-Lande-Vaumont
Saint-Germain-de-Tallevende-la-Lande-Vaumont is a commune.

Saint-Germain-du-Crioult
Saint-Germain-du-Crioult is a commune.

Saint-Germain-du-Pert
Saint-Germain-du-Pert is a commune.

Saint-Germain-lache-Herbe
Saint-Germain-lache-Herbe is a commune.

Saint-Germain-le-Vasson
Saint-Germain-le-Vasson is a commune.

Saint-Hymer
Saint-Hymer is a commune.

Saint-de-Livet
Saint-de-Livet is a commune.

Saint-des-Essartiers
Saint-des-Essartiers is a commune.

Saint-lec, Calvados
Saint-lec, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Jouin
Saint-Jouin is a commune.

Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune.

Saint-Julien-le-Faucon
Saint-Julien-le-Faucon is a commune.

Saint-Julien-sur-Calonne
Saint-Julien-sur-Calonne is a commune.

Saint-Lambert, Calvados
Saint-Lambert, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-de-Condel
Saint-Laurent-de-Condel is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-du-Mont
Saint-Laurent-du-Mont is a commune.

Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer
Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer is a commune.

Saint-Louet-sur-Seulles
Saint-Louet-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Saint-Loup-Hors
Saint-Loup-Hors is a commune.

Saint-Loup-de-Fribois
Saint-Loup-de-Fribois is a commune.

Saint-Léger-Dubosq
Saint-Léger-Dubosq is a commune.

Saint-Manvieu-Bocage
Saint-Manvieu-Bocage is a commune.

Saint-Manvieu-Norrey
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune.

Saint-Marcouf, Calvados
Saint-Marcouf, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Martin-Don
Saint-Martin-Don is a commune.

Saint-Martin-aux-Chartrains
Saint-Martin-aux-Chartrains is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Bienfaite-la-Cressonnière
Saint-Martin-de-Bienfaite-la-Cressonnière is a commune.

Common cuckoo
The Common Cuckoo  is all known bird in manys world.

Saint-Martin-de-Blagny
Saint-Martin-de-Blagny is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay
Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc
Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Mieux
Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-Sallen
Saint-Martin-de-Sallen is a commune.

Saint-Martin-de-la-Lieue
Saint-Martin-de-la-Lieue is a commune.

Saint-Martin-des-Besaces
Saint-Martin-des-Besaces is a commune.

Saint-Martin-des-Entrées
Saint-Martin-des-Entrées is a commune.

Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury
Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury is a commune.

Saint-Michel-de-Livet
Saint-Michel-de-Livet is a commune.

Saint-Omer, Calvados
Saint-Omer, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-le-Houx
Saint-Ouen-le-Houx is a commune.

Saint-Ouen-le-Pin
Saint-Ouen-le-Pin is a commune.

Saint-Pair
Saint-Pair is a commune.

Saint-Paul-du-Vernay
Saint-Paul-du-Vernay is a commune.

Saint-Philbert-des-Champs
Saint-Philbert-des-Champs is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-Azif
Saint-Pierre-Azif is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-Canivet
Saint-Pierre-Canivet is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine
Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc
Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-des-Ifs, Calvados
Saint-Pierre-des-Ifs, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-du-Bû
Saint-Pierre-du-Bû is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-du-Fresne
Saint-Pierre-du-Fresne is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-du-Jonquet
Saint-Pierre-du-Jonquet is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-du-Mont, Calvados
Saint-Pierre-du-Mont, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-la-Vieille
Saint-Pierre-la-Vieille is a commune.

Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives
Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives is a commune.

Saint-Rémy, Calvados
Saint-Rémy, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Samson, Calvados
Saint-Samson, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Sever-Calvados
Saint-Sever-Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Sylvain, Calvados
Saint-Sylvain, Calvados is a commune.

Saint-Vaast-en-Auge
Saint-Vaast-en-Auge is a commune.

Saint-Vaast-sur-Seulles
Saint-Vaast-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Saint-Vigor-des-Mézerets
Saint-Vigor-des-Mézerets is a commune.

Saint-Vigor-led
Saint-Vigor-led is a commune.

Saint-Étienne-la-Thillaye
Saint-Étienne-la-Thillaye is a commune.

Sainte-Croixd-Tonne
Sainte-Croixd-Tonne is a commune.

Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer
Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer is a commune.

Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery
Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery is a commune.

Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy
Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy is a commune.

Sainte-Honorine-des-Pertes
Sainte-Honorine-des-Pertes is a commune.

Sainte-Honorine-du-Fay
Sainte-Honorine-du-Fay is a commune.

Sainte-Marguerite-d'Elle
Sainte-Marguerite-d'Elle is a commune.

Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette
Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette is a commune.

Sainte-Marguerite-des-Loges
Sainte-Marguerite-des-Loges is a commune.

Sainte-Marie-Laumont
Sainte-Marie-Laumont is a commune.

Sainte-Marie-Outre-l'Eau
Sainte-Marie-Outre-l'Eau is a commune.

Sallen
Sallen is a commune.

Sallenelles
Sallenelles is a commune.

Sannerville
Sannerville is a commune.

Saon
Saon is a commune.

Saonnet
Saonnet is a commune.

Sassy, Calvados
Sassy, Calvados is a commune.

Secqueville-en-Bessin
Secqueville-en-Bessin is a commune.

Sept-Frères
Sept-Frères is a commune.

Sept-Vents
Sept-Vents is a commune.

Soignolles
Soignolles is a commune.

Soliers
Soliers is a commune.

Sommervieu
Sommervieu is a commune.

Soulangy
Soulangy is a commune.

Soumont-Saint-Quentin
Soumont-Saint-Quentin is a commune.

Subles
Subles is a commune.

Sully, Calvados
Sully, Calvados is a commune.

Surrain
Surrain is a commune.

Surville, Calvados
Surville, Calvados is a commune.

Tessel
Tessel is a commune.

Thaon
Thaon is a commune.

Thiéville
Thiéville is a commune.

Thury-Harcourt
Thury-Harcourt is a commune.

Tierceville
Tierceville is a commune.

Tilly-la-Campagne
Tilly-la-Campagne is a commune.

Tilly-sur-Seulles
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Tordouet
Tordouet is a commune.

Torteval-Quesnay
Torteval-Quesnay is a commune.

Tortisambert
Tortisambert is a commune.

Touffréville
Touffréville is a commune.

Touques, Calvados
Touques, Calvados is a commune.

Tour-en-Bessin
Tour-en-Bessin is a commune.

Tourgéville
Tourgéville is a commune.

Tournay-sur-Odon
Tournay-sur-Odon is a commune.

Tournebu
Tournebu is a commune.

Tournières
Tournières is a commune.

Tourville-en-Auge
Tourville-en-Auge is a commune.

Tourville-sur-Odon
Tourville-sur-Odon is a commune.

Tracy-Bocage
Tracy-Bocage is a commune.

Tracy-sur-Mer
Tracy-sur-Mer is a commune.

Troarn
Troarn is a commune.

Trois-Monts
Trois-Monts is a commune.

Trouville-sur-Mer
Trouville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Trungy
Trungy is a commune.

Truttemer-led
Truttemer-led is a commune.

Truttemer-le-Petit
Truttemer-le-Petit is a commune.

Tréprel
Tréprel is a commune.

Trévières
Trévières is a commune.

Urville, Calvados
Urville, Calvados is a commune.

Ussy
Ussy is a commune.

Vacognes-Neuilly
Vacognes-Neuilly is a commune.

Valsemé
Valsemé is a commune.

Varaville
Varaville is a commune.

Vassy, Calvados
Vassy, Calvados is a commune.

Vaubadon
Vaubadon is a commune.

Vaucelles
Vaucelles is a commune.

Vaudeloges
Vaudeloges is a commune.

Vaudry
Vaudry is a commune.

Vauville, Calvados
Vauville, Calvados is a commune.

Vaux-sur-Aure
Vaux-sur-Aure is a commune.

Vaux-sur-Seulles
Vaux-sur-Seulles is a commune.

Găvan River (Olt)
The Găvan River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Vendes
Vendes is a commune.

Vendeuvre
Vendeuvre is a commune.

Ver-sur-Mer
Ver-sur-Mer is a commune.

Versainville
Versainville is a commune.

Verson
Verson is a commune.

Vicques, Calvados
Vicques, Calvados is a commune.

Victot-Pontfol
Victot-Pontfol is a commune.

Vienne-en-Bessin
Vienne-en-Bessin is a commune.

Vierville-sur-Mer
Vierville-sur-Mer is a commune.

Viessoix
Viessoix is a commune.

Vieux, Calvados
Vieux, Calvados is a commune.

Vieux-Bourg
Vieux-Bourg is a commune.

Vieux-Fumé
Vieux-Fumé is a commune.

Vieux-Pont-en-Auge
Vieux-Pont-en-Auge is a commune.

Vignats
Vignats is a commune.

Villers-Bocage, Calvados
Villers-Bocage, Calvados is a commune.

Raţa River (Olt)
The Raţa River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Villers-Canivet
Villers-Canivet is a commune.

Villers-sur-Mer
Villers-sur-Mer is a commune.

Villerville
Villerville is a commune.

Villiers-le-Sec, Calvados
Villiers-le-Sec, Calvados is a commune.

Villons-les-Buissons
Villons-les-Buissons is a commune.

Villy-Bocage
Villy-Bocage is a commune.

Moaşa River (Olt)
The Moaşa River Moaşa Sebeşului River is a tributary Olt River inia.

Osetul River
The Osetul River is a tributary Moaşa River inia.

Villy-lez-Falaise
Villy-lez-Falaise is a commune.

Vimont, Calvados
Vimont, Calvados is a commune.

Vire
Vire is a commune.

Vouilly
Vouilly is a commune.

Écrammeville
Écrammeville is a commune.

Émiéville
Émiéville is a commune.

Épaney
Épaney is a commune.

Épinay-sur-Odon
Épinay-sur-Odon is a commune.

Épron
Épron is a commune.

Équemauville
Équemauville is a commune.

Éterville
Éterville is a commune.

Valea Tătarului River
The Valea Tătarului River Tătaru River is a tributary Moaşa River inia.

Étouvy
Étouvy is a commune.

Étréham
Étréham is a commune.

Évrecy
Évrecy is a commune.

Southern Railway (Great Britain)
The Railway , was a railway company established in 1923 Grouping.

Electric multiple unit
An electric multiple unit EMU is a multiple unit train consisting many carriages using electricity as motive power.

List Rail modern traction locomotive classes
This page lists every locomotive allocated a TOPS classification all modern traction (e.g.

List Rail diesel multiple unit classes
This is a list Rail diesel multiple unit classes.

List Rail electric multiple unit classes
This page lists every electric-powered multiple unit allocated a TOPS classification used on mainline network since 1948 .

List Rail departmental multiple unit classes
The 900 series classesre units in departmental stock, whichre converted from old passenger units.

British United Traction
British United Traction  was a joint company owned by Associated Equipmentyd Motors which produced railway equipment trolleybuses.

British Rail Derby Lightweight
The Rail Derby Lightweight diesel multiple units,re such trains to be built en-masse for Railways.

British Rail Metro-Cammell
In 1955, Cammell produced its lightweightl multiple units, prototypesre to become Rail's longest-lived "First Generation" DMU type, Class 101.

British Rail Railbuses
British Rail produced a variety Railbuses as a means both building new rolling stock cheaply, to provide services on lightly-used lines economically.

GWR railcars
In 1933, Great Railway introduced was to become a very series railcars, which survived in regular use into 1960s, whenyre replaced with new Rail "first generation" type diesel multiple units.

LMS railcars
The Londond Railway  introduced a number railcars to service between 1933 1939.

Pacer (train)
Pacer is operational Rail Class 140, 141, 142, 143 144 diesel multiple unit railbuses, built between 1984 1987.

Sprinter (train)
The Sprinter is a family diesel multiple unit trains in use on UK railway system.

Turbostar
Turbostar is given to a series diesel multiple units  built by Bombardiersportation  atir Litchurch Lane Works in Derby,d.

Coradia (train)
Coradia is given to range multiple-unit inter-city regional trains manufactured by Alstom.

Bombardier Voyager family
The Voyager series is a group high speed diesel electric multiple unit trains built by Bombardiersportation in service on UK railway network.

Diesel multiple unit
A diesel multiple unit DMU is a multiple unit train consisting multiple carriages powered by more on-board diesel engines.

British Rail Janus
Janus Taurusre two shunting locomotives byire Enginey for demonstrations.

British Rail HS4000
HS4000,d "Kestrel", was a prototype high-powered mainline diesel locomotive built in 1968 by Traction, Loughborough to demonstrate its wares to Railways.

8667e
8667e  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991 by F.

8672 Morse
8672 Morse  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 6, 1991 by Eric Walter Elst at Observatory.

7455 Podosek
7455 Podosek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.

7544auka
7544auka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1976 by T.

7347 Vickyhamilton
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 3, 1988.

British Rail GT3
GT3, meaning Gas Turbine number 3 , was a prototype mainline gas turbine locomotive built in 1961 by Electric atir Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its wares to Railways.

British Rail DP2
DP2, meaningl Prototype number 2, was a prototype Type 4 mainline diesel locomotive built in 1962 by Electric atir Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its wares to Railways.

British Rail DP1
DP1, Prototype Deltic is a demonstrator locomotive built by Electric in 1955.

British Rail DHP1
DHP1, meaningl Hydraulic Prototype number 1, was a prototype Type 3 mainline diesel locomotive built in 1965 by Clayton to demonstrateir wares to Railways.

British Rail D0260
D0260,d "Lion", was a prototype Type 4 mainline diesel locomotive built in 1962 by Birmingham Railway Carriage Wagony, in association with Sulzer Associated Electrical Industries, atir Smethwick works in Birmingham to demonstrateir wares to Railways.

British Railways D0226
D0226 D0227re two prototype diesel shunting locomotives built in 1956 by Electric at its Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its wares to Railways.

British Rail 18100
British Rail 18100 was a prototype main line gas turbine-electric locomotive built for Railways in 1951 by Vickers, Manchester.

British Rail 18000
British Rail 18000 was a prototype mainline Gas turbine-electric locomotive built for Railways in 1949 by Brown, Boveri & Cie.

LNER Class Y11
LNER Class Y11 was a class petrol powered 0-4-0 locomotives built by Motor Rail & Tram Cary Limited underir "Simplex" brand introduced in years 1919-1925 for London North Railway .

British Rail Class 97
British Rail reserved TOPS Class 97 designation for departmental locomotives.

British Rail Class 97/6
The Rail Class 97/6 0-6-0 diesel shunting locomotivesre purpose-built for departmental duties by Ruston & Hornsby at Lincoln in 1953  1959 .

British Rail Region departmental locomotives
In 1952, Region Rail introduced its own series for departmental  vehicles, including locomotives.

SR departmental locomotives
The Railway numbered its departmental  stock, both locomotives carriages in a series commencing at 1S.

British Rail Class ES1
British Rail Class ES1 was a class two electric locomotives commissioned by North Railway in 1902.

British Rail Class EF1
The Rail Class EF1  was a class electrically powered locomotives used by Rail ind.

British Rail Class EE1
British Rail Class EE1 was an electric locomotive commissioned by North Railway in 1922.

British Rail Class EB1
The Rail Class EB1  was an electrically powered locomotive used by Rail ind.

SNCF Class BB 22200
The BB 22200 is a class electric locomotives in service with French railways SNCF, built by Alsthom between 1976-1986.

Vossloh G1206
The Vossloh G1206 is a B'B' diesel hydraulic freight locomotive built by Vossloh used by several mainland railway operators.

British Rail Class 41 (HST)
The Rail Class 41 wasiginal classification for power cars prototype High Speed Train.

British Rail Class 43 (Warship Class)
The Rail Class 43 diesel-hydraulic locomotivesre built by North Locomotivey  from 1960-1962.

British Rail Class 43 (HST)
The Rail Class 43 is classification 125 High Speed Train power cars, built by BREL from 1976 to 1982.

Northd Railway
The Northd Railway was a railway company, which opened its line from Derby to Rotherham  Leeds in 1840.

Glasgow Corporation Tramways
Glasgow Corporation Tramwaysrely urban tramway systems in Europe.

Southampton 45
This was tram that started whole preservation movement when it was purchased in 1949 after a final tour Southampton system before closure.

Acanthocephala
Thethocephala  is a phylum parasitic worms known as acanthocephales, thorny-headed worms, spiny-headed worms, characterised by presence an evertable proboscis, armed with spines, which it uses to pierce hold gut wall its host.

Second Republic
Second Republic was state from 1918  through 1939 .

Ze (Cyrillic)
Ze  is letter in Cyrillic alphabet.

I (Cyrillic)
I  is ninth letter in Cyrillic alphabet.

Kirkby Lonsdale
Kirkby Lonsdale is a town in Cumbria,d.

Windermere
Windermere is natural lake ind.

Hippolytushoef
Hippolytushoef  is a town in Dutch province Northd.

Storm drain
A storm drain, storm sewer , stormwater drain  surface water system  is extra rain ground water from paved streets, parking lots, sidewalks, roofs.

Jet stream
Jet streams are fast flowing, relatively narrow air currents found at tropopause, transition between troposphere  stratosphere , are located at 10-15 kilometers above surface Earth.

Hiroki Ito
Hiroki Ito  is a football player.

Noritadai
Noritadai  is a football player.

Nobuyuki Furo
Nobuyuki Furo  is a football player.

Hitoshi Sogahata
Hitoshi Sogahata  is a football player.

Justice Christopher
Justice Christopher  is a football player.

Harunagida
Harunagida  is a football player.

Guus Hiddink
Guus Hiddink  is a Dutch football player.

Hiromi Hara
Hiromi Hara  is a football player.

Naohiro Ishikawa
Naohiro Ishikawa  is a football player.

Yukihiko Sato
Yukihiko Sato  is a football player.

Eisukei
Eisukei  is a football player.

Yutaro Abe
Yutaro Abe  is a football player.

Tatsuya Enomoto
Tatsuya Enomoto  is a football player.

Daisuke Nasu
Daisuke Nasu  is a football player.

H.N.K. Hajduk Split
H.N.K.

N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
N.K.

N.K. Zagreb
N.K.

Michael Iia
Michael, Kings, Prince , reigned as Kings  from July 20, 1927 to June 8, 1930, again from September 6, 1940, until by communists backed up byders Stalin to Soviet armies occupation on December 30, 1947.

13063 Purifoy
13063 Purifoy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 5, 1991 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

13070connery
13070connery is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 8, 1991 by Eric Walter Elst.

13084 Virchow
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 2, 1992.

13052 Las Casas
13052 Las Casas  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1990 by E.

13055 Kreppein
13055 Kreppein  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1990 by L.

13057 Jorgensen
13057 Jorgensen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1990 by C.

13059 Ducuroir
13059 Ducuroir  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 18, 1991 by E.

13062 Podarkes
13062 Podarkes  is a Jupiter that was found on April 19, 1991 by C.

13121 Tisza
13121 Tisza  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1994 by E.

13123 Tyson
13123 Tyson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 16, 1994 by C.

13125 Tobolsk
13125 Tobolsk  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 10, 1994 by E.

21290 Vydra
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1996.

9313 Protea
9313 Protea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1988 by E.

6063 Jason
6063 Jason  is an Apollo asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on May 27, 1984 by Carolyn Eugene Shoemaker at Palomar.

6239 Minos
6239 Minos  is a Apollo asteroid Venus-crosser asteroid that was found on August 31, 1989 by Carolyn S.

Joe Hart
Joe Hart is an footballer.

7092 Cadmus
7092 Cadmus is a Mars-crossing asteroid Earth-crosser asteroid that was found on June 4, 1992.

Jonathan Woodgate
Jonathan Woodgate is an footballer.

11066 Sigurd
11066 Sigurd  is a Apollo asteroid Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on February 9, 1992 by C.

Jermaine Jenas
Jermaine Jenas is an footballer.

Tom Huddlestone
Tom Huddlestone is an footballer.

32811 Apisaon
32811 Apisaon  is a Jupiter that was found on October 14, 1990 by F.

17314 Aisakos
17314 Aisakos  is a Jupiter that was fuond on March 25, 1971 by Cornelisnes van Houten Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Palomar Observatory.

32532 Thereus
32532 Thereus  is a centaur that was found on August 9, 2001 by Near-Earth Asteroid Tracking Project at Palomar.

31824 Elatus
31824 Elatus  is a centaur that was found on October 29, 1999 by Catalina Sky Survey.

49036 Pelion
49036 Pelion  is a centaur that was found on August 21, 1998 by R.

52975 Cyllarus
52975 Cyllarus  is aus-crossing asteroid a Neptune-crossing asteroid that was found on October 12, 1998 by Nichole Danzl at Kitt Peak.

Paris Peace Treaties, 1947
The Paris Peace Conference  resulted in Paris Peace Treaties signed on February 10, 1947.

Easternce languages
Thece languages,times known as Vlach languages, are a groupce languages that developed in Europe from local eastern variant Vulgar Latin.

54598 Bienor
54598 Bienor is a centaurus-crossing asteroid that was found on August 27, 2000 by M.

Nicolae Ceauşescu
Nicolae Ceauşescu   was Presidentia from 1965 until 1989.

Listus-crossing asteroids
†: This means it is an inner-grazer ‡: This means it is an-grazer .

Ion Iliescu
Ion Iliescu  is a politician.

Traian Băsescu
Traian Băsescu  is a politiciant Navyficer.

Neptune-crosser asteroid
A Neptune-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whosebit goes over that Neptunes'bit.

Presidentia
The Presidentia is head stateia.

Galaţi
Galaţi  is a city in easternia, .

Historische Zeitschrift
Historische Zeitschrift, founded in 1859 by Heinrich von Sybel is for a time foremost historical journal.

Bran Castle
Bran Castle  can be found near in area Braşov.

United Nations Development Programme
The United Nations Development Programme  is United Nations' global development network.

Tower Centerational
Tower Centerational is a class Afice building in Bucharest.

Jordanes
Jordanes , was a century bureaucrat, who wrote history later in life.

Eutropius
Eutropius was a polytheist historian for Apostate in late century.

Constantine VII
Constantine VII "Porphyrogennetos" "Porphyrogenitus", "the Purple-born" ,  was sontine emperor Leo VI his wife Zoe Karbonopsina.

Silent Alarm
"Silent Alarm" is an album by Bloc Party.

Timişoara
Timişoara is a city in Banat area.

CBeebies
CBeebies is a children's television channel suitable for children that are 6 years old younger.

Ploieşti
Ploieşti is county seat.

Shamota Tala Rinpoche
Shamota Tala Rinpoche  is a teacher Buddhism.

Brăila
Brăila is a city Muntenia, in easternia.

2005 SA
 is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on September 16, 2005 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Mars-crosser asteroid
A Mars-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whosebit crosses over that Mars.

Earth-crosser asteroid
An Earth-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whosebit crosses that Earth.

List Earth-crosser asteroids
†: This means asteroid is an grazer.

Bergen-Belsen
“ Here over an acre ground lay dead dying people.

Venus-crosser asteroid
A Venus-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whosebit crosses over that Venus.

Kitti's Hog-nosed Bat
Kitti's Hog-nosed Bat , also known as bumblebee bat, is an endangered species bat.

List Venus-crossing asteroids
"Note:These are also Earth-crosser asteroids." ‡: This means that asteroid is also a Mercury crosser asteroid grazer.

Mercury-crosser asteroid
A Mercury-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whosebit crosses that Mercury.

37655 Illapa
37655 Illapa  is an Apollo asteroid, Mercury-crosser asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on August 1, 1994 by C.

5786 Talos
5786 Talos  is a Apollo asteroid, Mercury-crosser asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid that was found on September 03, 1991 by R.

1862 Apollo
1862 Apollo is a Q-type asteroid, Apollo asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, Mars-crosser asteroid that was found by Karl Reinmuth in 1932.

24761 Ahau
24761 Ahau  is an Apollo asteroid Near-earth object that was found on January 28, 1993 by C.

(9943) 1989 UG3
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 29, 1989 by M.

(9945) 1990 KX
 1990 KX is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 19, 1990 by E.

13559 Werth
13559 Werth  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1992 by L.

13579 Allodd
13579 Allodd  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 12, 1993 by E.

14174 Deborahsmall
14174 Deborahsmall  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 10, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

142084iel
142084iel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

143622 Robertbloch
143622 Robertbloch  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 22, 2003 by M.

14312 Polytech
14312 Polytech  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1976 by T.

14791 Atreus
14791 Atreus  is a Jupiter that was found on September 19, 1973.

14917 Taco
14917 Taco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 8, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

14621 Tati
14621 Tati  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1998 by J.

15155 Ahn
15155 Ahn  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 29, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

14965 Bonk
14965 Bonk  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 24, 1997 by N.

15374 Teta
15374 Teta  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 16, 1997 by M.

13606
13606  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

13583 Bosret
13583 Bosret  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1993 by E.

13915 Yalow
13915 Yalow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 27, 1982 by C.

1395 Aribeda
1395 Aribeda  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 16, 1936 by Reinmuth, K.

22222 Hodios
22222 Hodios  is a Jupiter that was found on September 30, 1973.

22227 Polyxenos
22227 Polyxenos  is a Jupiter that was found on September 25, 1973.

Grimsby Immingham Electric Railway
The Grimsby & Immingham Electric Railway was an electric tramway network linking township Grimsbyn village Immingham inire.

Chesterfield tramway
The Chesterfield District Tramwaysy was a tramway system inire town Chesterfield.

Douglas Electric Tramway
Douglas Electric Tramway was a standard gauge tramway which ran from top Douglas Head on Isle Man to nearby resort Port Soderick atop cliffs via a number spectacular viaducts bridges.

Etruscan Shrew
The Shrew , also known as Pygmy Shrew White-toothed Pygmy Shrew is known mammal by mass.

Derby Tramways
Derby Tramway was tram system that serverd city Derby ,d.

Ballan, Victoria
Ballan is a town in Victoria, Australia.

George Stephenson
George Stephenson was born on 9 June 1781.

British Rail Class D3/3
British Rail Class D3/3 was a 0-6-0 shunting locomotive built by Rail atir Derby Works ind.

British Rail Class D3/5
British Rail Class D3/5 was a shunting locomotive built by Rail atir Darlington Works ind.

British Rail Class D3/6
Class D3/6re diesel shunters built in 1935 by Electric for London,d Railway.

British Rail Class D3/7
British Railways Class D3/7re diesel shunters built from May 1939 through to July 1942 by London,d Railway atir Derby Works.

British Rail Class D3/9
British Rail Class D3/9 was a class four locomotives built by London North Railway atir Doncaster Works ind.

British Rail Class D3/10
British Rail Class D3/10 was a locomotive commissioned by Great Railway ind, later taken over by Railways.

British Rail Class D3/11
British Rail Class D3/11 was a locomotive commissioned by Great Railway, but successor Rail ind.

British Rail Class D3/12
British Rail class D3/12 was a class three diesel electric shunting locomotives built by Railway in 1937.

British Rail Class D3/14
British Rail Class D3/14 was a diesel-electric locomotive built by London North Railway at its Doncaster Works.

British Rail Class D16/1
British Railways Class D16/1 10000 10001re mainline diesel locomotives in Great Britain.

British Rail 10100
British Railways 10100 was an unusual experimental diesel locomotive known informally as "The Felll Locomotive" (after Lt.

British Rail Class D16/2
British Railways Class D16/2 was a class prototype diesel locomotive built by BR at Ashford Works introduced in 1950-1951, with a example being introduced in 1954.

British Rail 10800
British Railways 10800 was a diesel locomotive built by North Locomotivey for Railways in 1950.

British Rail Class D20/2
The Railways Class D20/2 diesel-hydraulic locomotivesre built by North Locomotivey in Glasgow during 1957 1958.

Steam locomotives Railways
The steam locomotives Railwaysre used by Railways over period 1948-1968.

British Rail Class 98
TOPS Class 98 has been all steam locomotives used on mainline in Britain, but also has aicular usage for three Vale Rheidol Railway-design 2-6-2T locomotives that remained in ownership Rail after end mainline steam traction in August 1968.

Gatwick Express
Gatwick Express is given to frequent rail shuttle service between Victoria station in London Gatwick Airport in South Eastd.

Freightliner (UK)
Freightliner Group Limited are a rail freight logistics company, founded in 1995 now operating in United Kingdomd.

SNCF
SNCF   is a French public enterprise.

Railfreight Distribution
Railfreight Distribution was a subsector Rail responsible for non-trainload freight operations, asll as Freightliner Intermodal services.

British Rail locomotive multiple unit numbering classification
A number different numbering classification schemesre multiple units operated by Railways , this page explains principal systems.

Motor Rail
Motor Rail was a locomotive-building company, based in Bedford.

London North Railway
The London North Railway  was-largest "Big Four" railway companies created by Railways Act 1921 in Britain.

Brown, Boveri & Cie
Brown, Boveri & Cie  was a Swiss group electrical engineering company.

Metropolitan-Vickers
Metropolitan-Vickers, Metrovick, Metrovicks, was a heavy electrical engineering company early-to-mid centuryly known as Westinghouse.

British Rail Class 99
The Rail Class 99 was a fleet 14 ferries,ly owned by Sealink, which carried rail vehicles between Britain mainland Europe.

English Electric
English Electric  was a industrial manufacturer.

Birmingham Railway Carriage Wagony
The Birmingham Railway Carriage Wagony  was a railway locomotive carriage builder, founded in Birmingham,d, for its existence, located at nearby Smethwick, with factory was divided by boundary between two places.

Brush Traction
Brush Traction is a manufacturer maintainer railway locomotives, based at Loughborough inire, United Kingdom situated alongsided Main Line.

Yorkshire Enginey
Theire Enginey  was a independent locomotive manufacturer in Sheffield,d.

Ephesus
The City Ephesus was a city in ancient world.

Timeline National Hockey League
The following is a timeline describing history National Hockey League's teamsir histories.

Je (Cyrillic)
Je  is a letter Cyrillic alphabet, used in,, Azeri, Altai languages.

Craniata
Craniata  is a proposed clade chordate animals that contains vertebrates  Myxini  as living representatives.

Ka (Cyrillic)
Ka  is letter in Cyrillic alphabet.

El (Cyrillic)
El  is letter Cyrillic alphabet.

Kingdom Tungning
The Kingdom Tungning was Han government to rule.

Bredevoort
Bredevoort is a town about 1600 inhabitants, located in municipality Aalten,ds.

Plzeň
Plzeň  is city in Czech Republic.

Alsace-Lorraine
Alsace-Lorraine was a territory created by Empire in 1871 after its victory inco War.

Isah Eliakwu
Isah Eliakwu  is a football player.

Teruyuki Moniwa
Teruyuki Moniwa  is a football player.

Kenta Hasegawa
Kenta Hasegawa  is a football player.

Alcindo Sartori
Alcindo Sartori  is a football player.

Masayukio
Masayukio  is a football player.

Mohamed Al-Deayea
Mohamed Al-Deayea  is a football player.

Masaakiobori
Masaakiobori  is a football player.

Christian Obodo
Christian Obodo  is a football player.

Willem Einthoven
Willem Einthoven  was an Dutch doctor.

Stephen Makinwa
Stephen Makinwa  is a football player.

Obafemi Martins
Obafemi Martins  is a football player.

Sho Naruoka
Sho Naruoka  is a football player.

British Rail coach designations
The London,d Railway London North Railway both developed a system identifying carriages by means alphabetic codes.

Shiro Kikuhara
Shiro Kikuhara  is a football player.

Cha Bum-Kun
Cha Bum-Kun  is a football player.

Parry People Movers
Parry People Movers  is a company manufacturing lightweight railbuses that use Flywheel energy storage  to store energy for traction.

SR multiple unit numbering classification
The Railway created classification numbering systems for itse fleet electric multiple units thatre perpetuated by Region Rail until early 1980s, when impact TOPS was felt.

Virgin Trains
Virgin Trains is a train operating company in United Kingdom, which currently provides services from London Euston to North West, Westdsd on West Coast Main Line.

CrossCountry
CrossCountry is a train operating company, brand XC Trains Limited owned by Arriva, that has operated Great Britain’s Cross Country rail franchise since 11 November 2007.

Eastds Trains
Eastds Trains  is a train operating company operating in United Kingdom.

First Great
First Great is operating First Greater Ltd, a train operating company owned by FirstGroup, which operates services inst southstd South Wales.

Pardubice
Pardubice is a city in Czech Republic.

Grand Central Railway
Grand Central Railwayy Ltd is a privately-owned train operating company running services underd Central within United Kingdom.

National Express East Anglia
National Express East Anglia is a train operating company brand London Railway Ltd in United Kingdom.

National Express East Coast
National Express East Coast is under which train operating company NXEC Trains Ltd operates "InterCity East Coast" rail franchise, which includes services indd along East Coast Main Line.

Network Rail
Network Rail is a "not for dividend" company limited by guarantee whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited, a company limited by shares.

Wrexham &ire
Wrexham &ire is operating Wrexham,ire Marylebone Railwayy, a train operating company in United Kingdom.

London Paddington station
London Paddington station, also known as London Paddington, just simply Paddington, is a major National Rail London Underground station complex in Paddington area near central London,d.

Great North Railway
Great North Railway  was a train operating company, owned by Sea Containers Ltd.

British Rail Class 901
The Class 901 designation is Rail Class 101 diesel multiple units use.

British Rail Class 930
The Rail Class 930 was electrical multiple units diesel-electric multiple units use.

British Rail Class 950
The Rail Class 950 is a diesel multiple unit that was purpose-built for departmental use as a track assessment unit.

British Rail Class 951
The Rail Class 951 was-electric multiple units use.

British Rail Class 960
The Rail Class 960 was multiple units use, electrical multiple units rebuilt as test trains.

British Rail MPV
The Multiple-purpose Vehicle MPV is a purpose-built departmental derivative a diesel multiple unit.

British Rail APT-E
The APT-E  tilting train was prototypeced Passenger Train unit.

Advanced Passenger Train
Theced Passenger Train  was an experimental tilting High Speed Train developed by Rail during 1970s early 1980s, which did not enter regular service.

British Rail Class 910
The Class 910 designation is used by Network Rail for a fleet Class 488 Gatwick Express trailer sets, now used as Brake-force runner sets in departmental service.

British Rail Class 931
The Rail Class 931 was electrical multiple units use.

British Rail Class 932
The Rail Class 932 was electrical multiple units diesel electric multiple unit carriages use.

British Rail Class 933
The Rail Class 933 was electrical multiple units use.

Bear Behaving Badly
"Bear Behaving Badly" is children's comedy television programme.

British Rail Class 936
The Rail Class 936 was multiple units not from South-East, use.

British Rail Class 937
The Rail Class 937 was electrical multiple units, use.

Network Rail New Measurement Train
The Network Rail New Measurement Train  assesses condition track so that engineers can determine where to work.

Train operating company
The term train operating company  is used in United Kingdom to describe various businesses operating passenger trains on railway system mainland Great Britain under collective National Rail brand.

Euston railway station
Euston station , is a major railway station to north central London in London Borough Camden is busiest rail terminal in London .

Virgin Group
Virgin Group Ltd is a branded venture capitalganization founded by business tycoon Sir Richardson.

Stagecoach Group
Stagecoach Group plc  is a leading international transport group operating buses, trains, trams, express coaches ferries.

Megatrain
Megatrain is a virtual no-frills intercity train service run by-based Stagecoach Group.

National Rail
National Rail is a title used by Association Train Operatingies.

InterCity (British Rail)
InterCity  was introduced by Rail in 1966 as a brand-name for its long-haul express passenger services .

0irc
0irc is an IRC client.

Courlandorate
Courlandorate was provinces governorates Empire.

Euston tube station
Euston tube station is a London Underground station served by Victoria Line both branches Line .

Euston Square tube station
Euston Square is a London Underground station at corner Euston Road Gower Street, just north University College London .

Singapore Airlines
Singapore Airlines is national airline Singapore.

4465 Rodita
4465 Rodita  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1969 by B.

4466 Abai
4466 Abai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1971 by Astrophysical Observatory at Nauchnyj.

4467ovskij
4467ovskij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 02, 1975 by T.

4468 Pogrebetskij
4468 Pogrebetskij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1976 by N.

4469 Utting
4469 Utting  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 01, 1978 by Perth Observatory at Bickley.

4470 Sergeev-Censkij
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978.

44711 Carp
44711 Carp  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 3, 1999 by A.

4471 Graculus
4471 Graculus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 8, 1978 by P.

She's Hearing Voices
"She's Hearing Voices" is a song by Bloc Party.

4472in
4472in  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 15, 1980 by N.

A Weekend in City
"A Weekend in City" is studio album by Bloc Party.

Edward Cave
Edward Cave, , was an printer, editor publisher.

4473 Sears
4473 Sears  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 28, 1981 by S.

4474 Proust
4474 Proust  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 1981 by H.

4475 Voitkevich
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 20, 1982.

4476 Bernstein
4476 Bernstein  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 19, 1983 by Bowell, E.

Flagstaff, Arizona
Flagstaff is a city that can be found in northern Arizona in United States.

4478co
4478co  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 23, 1984 by Ferreri Zappala at La Silla.

4479 Charlieparker
4479 Charlieparker  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1985 by H.

4480ia
4480ia  is a Main-belt Asteroidthat was found on August 24, 1985 by N.

4481 Herbelin
4481 Herbelin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1985 by E.

4482 Frèrebasile
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 1, 1986.

Great Rift Valley
The Great Rift Valley is a given to a trough that is found from northern Syria in Southwest Asia to central Mozambique in East Africa.

Tablespoon
A tablespoon is a spoon that isly.

4664 Hanner
4664 Hanner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1985 by Bowell, E.

46643 Yanase
46643 Yanase  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 23, 1995 by A.

46644 Lagia
46644 Lagia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1995 by A.

4661 Yebes
4661 Yebes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1982 by M.

10129 Fole
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 19, 1993.

10124 Hemse
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 21, 1993.

10433 Ponsen
10433 Ponsen  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

10452 Zuev
10452 Zuev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 25, 1976 by N.

10455 Coster
10445 Coster  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on September 29, 1973.

10449 Takuma
10449 Takuma  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1936 by M.

4602 Heudier
4602 Heudier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 28, 1986 by CERGA at Caussols.

1356za
1356za  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 03, 1935 by C.

13557t
13557t  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 1992 by H.

1360 Tarka
1360 Tarka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 22, 1935 by C.

16002 Bertin
16002 Bertin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 15, 1999 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

16014 Sinha
16014 Sinha  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

16015 Snell
16015 Snell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

15947
15947  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 2, 1998 by J.

1595 Tanga
1595 Tanga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 19, 1930 by C.

15957 Gemoore
15957 Gemoore  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 22, 1998 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

15964 Billgray
15964 Billgray  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 19, 1998 by J.

14814 Gurij
14814 Gurij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 7, 1981 by L.

14582 Conlin
14582 Conlin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

15129 Sparks
15129 Sparks  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 9, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

15019 Gingold
15019 Gingold  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1488 Aura
1488 Aura  is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on December 15, 1938 by Vaisala, Y.

1487 Boda
1487 Boda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1938 by Reinmuth, K.

1499 Pori
1499 Pori  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1938 by Y.

15627 Hong
15627 Hong  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

15460 Manca
15460 Manca  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 25, 1998 by A.

15415 Rika
15415 Rika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 4, 1998 by A.

16036 Moroz
16036 Moroz  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on April 10, 1999 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

1602a
1602a is a Main belt asteroid that was found at Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn,a bya Asteroid Program in 1950.

16017 Street
16017 Street  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

16020 Tevelde
16020 Tevelde  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1603 Neva
1603 Neva  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 04, 1926 by G.

15986 Fienga
15986 Fienga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1998 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

16012 Jamierubin
16012 Jamierubin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

16445 Klimt
16445 Klimt  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 3, 1989 by E.

1645 Waterfield
1645 Waterfield  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 1933 by K.

16452 Goldfinger
16452 Goldfinger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1989 by C.

1649 Fabre
1649 Fabre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1951 by Boyer, L.

1648 Shajna
1648 Shajna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 05, 1935 by P.

1660 Wood
1660 Wood  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 07, 1953 by J.

1661ule
1661ule is a Main belt asteroid that was found by Max Wolf on March 31, 1916.

1594 Danjon
1594 Danjon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1949 by Boyer, L.

14116 Ogea
14116 Ogea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

14092 Gaily
14092 Gaily  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 29, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

University Oregon
The University Oregon is a public university in Eugene, Oregon in United States.

1357 Khama
1357 Khama  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 02, 1935 by C.

1358 Gaika
1358 Gaika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 21, 1935 by Jackson, C.

Eugene, Oregon
Eugene is a city Oregon in United States.

13954 Born
13954 Born  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1990 by F.

1371 Resi
1371 Resi  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1935 by K.

1370 Hella
1370 Hella  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1935 by Reinmuth, K.

13647 Rey
13647 Rey  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 20, 1996 by E.

1394 Algoa
1394 Algoa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 12, 1936 by Cyril V.

Bill
Bill  was an track field coach at University Oregon.

13715 Steed
13715 Steed  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

13716 Trevino
13716 Trevino  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Phil Knight
Phil Knight is an businessman who was owners Nike, Inc.

Saint-Babel
Saint-Babel it is a place commune ince, in regionia, w departamencie Puy-de-Dôme.

Kevin-Prince Boateng
Kevin-Prince Boateng, also known as "The Ghetto Kid", is a professional football player who was born on March 6, 1987 in Berlin,y.

Katsuo Kanda
Katsuo Kanda  is a football player.

Norioi
Norioi  is a football player.

Hidehiko Shimizu
Hidehiko Shimizu  is a football player.

Third baseman
A Third baseman is a person in baseball that covers Third base.

Hisato Satō
Hisato Satō  is a football player.

Nobuyuki Zaizen
Nobuyuki Zaizen  is a football player.

Ryuichi Kamiyama
Ryuichi Kamiyama  is a football player.

Kazuaki Nagasawa
Kazuaki Nagasawa  is a football player.

Ariel Ortega
Ariel Ortega  is an Argentine football player.

Yoshiteruita
Yoshiteruita  is a football player.

Isao Homma
Isao Homma  is a football player.

Hiroshiima
Hiroshiima  is a football player.

Kim Byung-Ji
Kim Byung-Ji  is a South football player.

Koji Yamase
Koji Yamase  is a football player.

Scottish Parliament
The Parliament  is devolved national legislatured in capital Edinburgh.

Joseph Banks Rhine
Joseph Banks Rhine  (usually known as J.

Joule's laws
Joule's laws are two laws about heat produced by an electric current energy dependence a gas to pressure, volume, temperature.

Pinnacle Point Man
The Pinnacle Point Man is a Homo sapiens found in "Pinnacle-Point cave".

Bloc Party (EP)
"Bloc Party" is an EP songs in Bloc Party's two  singles: "She's Hearing Voices" "Banquet/Staying Fat".

Helicopter (song)
"Helicopter" is a song by band Bloc Party.

Pioneers (song)
"Pioneers" is a single by Bloc Party fromir album Silent Alarm.

Courland
Courland is historical regions Latvia.

Bivona
Bivona  is a little town Province Agrigento in Sicily.

Fox Lane Middle School
Fox Lane Middle School is a, grade school in Bedford, New York.

Katonah, New York
Katonahis a hamlet in town Bedford in Westchester, New York.

Matt Smith (British actor)
Matt Smith is a actor who will be playing role Doctor Who in poplular television series.

14065 Flegel
14065 Flegel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 11, 1996 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

14088 Ancus
14088 Ancus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1997 by V.

14424 Laval
14424 Laval  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 30, 1991 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

15497 Lucca
15497 Lucca  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 23, 1999 by S.

1665 Gaby
1665 Gaby  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1930 by Reinmuth, K.

1667 Pels
1667 Pels  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1930 by H.

1668 Hanna
1668 Hanna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 1933 by Reinmuth, K.

16672 Bedini
16672 Bedini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 17, 1994 by A.

Internet leak
An internet leak is whenone's personal property is given away to public onet.

1664 Felix
1664 Felix  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 04, 1929 by E.

1691 Oort
1691 Oort  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 09, 1956 by K.

1694 Kaiser
1694 Kaiser  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 1934 by H.

16745 Zappa
16745 Zappa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 9, 1996 at Osservatorio San Vittore, Italy.

16761 Hertz
16761 Hertz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 3, 1996 by V.

1676 Kariba
1676 Kariba  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 15, 1939 by C.

1703 Barry
1703 Barry is a Main belt asteroid that was found by Max Wolf on September 2, 1930.

17022 Huisjen
17022 Huisjen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 18, 1999 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

17032 Edlu
17032 Edlu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1999 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

1705 Tapio
1705 Tapio  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 1941 by L.

1682 Karel
1682 Karel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 02, 1949 by K.

1672 Gezelle
1672 Gezelle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 29, 1935 by Delporte, E.

1671 Chaika
1671 Chaika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 03, 1934 by Neujmin, G.

16700 Seiwa
16700 Seiwa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 22, 1995 by T.

13551 Gadsden
13551 Gadsden  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on March 26, 1992 by R.

11111 Repunit
11111 Repunit  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1995 by T.

11115 Kariya
11115 Kariya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 21, 1995 by A.

1796 Riga
1796 Riga  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 16, 1966 by N.

(30717) 1937 UD
 1937 UD is a Mars-crosser asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on October 26, 1937.

(32730) 1951 RX
 1951 RX is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on September 4, 1951.

(32729) 5179 T-3
 5179 T-3 is an asteroid that was found by Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld her husband Cornelisnes van Houten at Palomar on October 16, 1977.

19148 Alaska
19148 Alaska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 28, 1989 by E.

19426 Leal
19426 Leal  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1930 Lucifer
1930 Lucifer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 29, 1964 by E.

1927to
1927to  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 18, 1936 by R.

1928 Summa
1928 Summa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1938 by Y.

19310 Osawa
19310 Osawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 4, 1996 by I.

1923 Osiris
1923 Osiris  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Cornelisnes van Houten Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Leiden.

1924 Horus
1924 Horus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Cornelisnes van Houten Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Leiden.

19224 Orosei
19224 Orosei  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 15, 1993 by A.

19582 Blow
19582 Blow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 13, 1999 by J.

1941 Wild
1941 Wild  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 06, 1931 by K.

1939 Loretta
1939 Loretta  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 17, 1974 by C.

1896 Beer
1896 Beer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1971 by Kohoutek, L.

1881 Shao
1881 Shao  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 03, 1940 by K.

1883 Rimito
1883 Rimito  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1942 by Y.

1882 Rauma
1882 Rauma  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 15, 1941 by L.

18658 Rajdev
18658 Rajdev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18638 Nouet
18638 Nouet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1998 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

18661 Zoccoli
18661 Zoccoli  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1884 Skip
1884 Skip  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 02, 1943 by M.

18987i
18987i  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19129 Loos
19129 Loos  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1988 by A.

18110 HASI
18110 HASI  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth-Object Search at Lowell Observatory.

18111 Pinet
18111 Pinet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000.

18119 Braude
18119 Braude  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 4, 2000 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

17970 Palepu
17970 Palepu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17952 Folsom
17952 Folsom  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1814 Bach
1814 Bach  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 09, 1931 by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg.

18281 Tros
18281 Tros  is a Jupiter that was found on October 16, 1977 by C.

18282 Ilos
18282 Ilos  is a Jupiter that was found on October 16, 1977 by C.

18132 Spector
18132 Spector  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 30, 2000 by J.

1830 Pogson
1830 Pogson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 17, 1968 by P.

18112lucjosset
18112lucjosset  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000.

18117 Jonhodge
18117 Jonhodge  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by LONEOS program at Anderson Mesa Station Lowell Observatory near Flagstaff, Arizona.

18124 Leeperry
18124 Leeperry  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 3, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18128 Wysner
18128 Wysner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18360 Sachs
18360 Sachs  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 10, 1990 by F.

1837 Osita
1837 Osita  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1971 by J.

18321 Bobrov
18321 Bobrov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 25, 1982 by L.

18334 Drozdov
18334 Drozdov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1987 by L.

Alec Baldwin
Alexander Rae "Alec" Baldwin III  is an actor, oldest probablyll-known Baldwin brothers, a family who has been important in film television.

1832 Mrkos
1832 Mrkos  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 11, 1969 by L.

18162 Denlea
18162 Denlea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 1, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18376 Quirk
18376 Quirk  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 30, 1991 by R.

1838 Ursa
1838 Ursa  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1971 by P.

1840 Hus
1840 Hus is a main belt asteroid that was found on 26 October 1971 by Luboš Kohoutek.

1842 Hynek
1842 Hynek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 14, 1972 by Kohoutek, L.

18084 Adamwohl
18084 Adamwohl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18099 Flamini
18099 Flamini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 6, 2000 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

18092 Reinhold
18092 Reinhold  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 28, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17950 Grover
17950 Grover  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17460 Mang
17460 Mang  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 10, 1990 by L.

17458 Dick
17458 Dick  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1990 by L.

17472 Dinah
17472 Dinah  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 17, 1991 by T.

17488 Mantl
17488 Mantl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1991 by L.

17485 Hodler
17486 Hodler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 10, 1991 by F.

17493 Wildcat
17493 Wildcat  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on December 31, 1991 by C.

17447 Heindl
17447 Heindl  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 25, 1990 by E.

1747 Wright
1747 Wright  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1947 by C.

17241 Wooden
17241 Wooden  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 11, 2000by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.

17247 Vanverst
17247 Vanverst  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 7, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17258 Whalen
17258 Whalen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17269 Dicksmith
17269 Dicksmith  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 3, 2000 by J.

17543 Sosva
17543 Sosva  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1993 by E.

17777 Ornicar
17777 Ornicar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1998 by OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

17776 Troska
17776 Troska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1998 by Petr Pravec at Ondřejov Observatory.

17768 Tigerlily
17768 Tigerlily is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 3, 1998 byi Urata.

1774 Kulikov
1774 Kulikov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1968 by T.

17934 Deleon
17934 Deleon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

17917
17917  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 15, 1999 by P.

1792 Reni
1792 Reni  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 24, 1968 by L.

17951 Fenska
17951 Fenska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1836 Komarov
1836 Komarov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 26, 1971 by N.

18617 Puntel
18617 Puntel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 24, 1998 by M.

18623 Pisces
18623 Pises  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1998 by Pisces Observatory at Pisces.

18796 Acosta
18796 Acosta  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18789 Metzger
18789 Metzger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18946 Massar
18946 Massar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18947ton
18947ton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18948 Hinkle
18948 Hinkle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1897 Hind
1897 Hind  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1971 by Kohoutek, L.

18824 Graves
18824 Graves  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18805 Kellyday
18805 Kellyday  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 12, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18826 Leifer
18826 Leifer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18830 Pothier
18830 Pothier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18984 Olathe
18984 Olathe  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by L.

18862 Warot
18862 Warot  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Thylacinus potens
"Thylacinus potens"  was species from family Thylacinidae, growing up to size a wolf.

19022 Penzel
19022 Penzel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 2000 by G.

19019 Sunflower
19019 Sunflower  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 2000 by L.

19023 Varela
19023 Varela  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19029 Briede
19029 Briede  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2000 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1906 Naef
1906 Naef  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 05, 1972 by P.

1907 Rudneva
1907 Rudneva  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N.

1908 Podeba
1908 Pobeda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N.

1912 Anubis
1912 Anubis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Cornelisnes van Houten Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Leiden.

19182 Pitz
19182 Pitz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 7, 1991 by L.

19433 Naftz
19433 Naftz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

19183 Amati
19183 Amati  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 5, 1991 by F.

Naoki Chiba
Naoki Chiba  is a football player.

Daijiro Takakuwa
Daijiro Takakuwa  is a football player.

Toshiya Ishii
Toshiya Ishii  is a football player.

Toshiyuki Abe
Toshiyuki Abe  is a football player.

Yasushi Fukunaga
Yasushi Fukunaga  is a football player.

Teruo Iwamoto
Teruo Iwamoto  is a football player.

Web services
A Web service is defined by W3C as "a software system interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network".

Johannes Andreas Grib Fibiger
Nobel Prize stubs.

Julius Wagner-Jauregg
Nobel Prize stubs.

Pricing
Pricing is creation a price.

Pubic bone
The pubic bone is bones that make up pelvis.

Kingdomd (1916-1918)
This Kingdomd was a proposed puppet state Empire.

Brown tree snake
The Brown tree snake  is an arboreal colubrid snake lives ins coastal Australia, Papua New Guinea, islands in northwesternesia.

The Mighty B!
The Mighty B! is a Nickelodeon television programme made by Erik, Cynthia True, Amy Poehler.

Flogging
Flagellation Flogging is hitting human body with a whip .

Decency
Decency is behaving as social norms say.

History Curitiba
The history Curitiba has many different periods.

Coimbra
Coimbra is a city in Portugal.

Corrientes
Corrientes is a city in Argentina.

Emerald ash borer
The emerald ash borer  is a shiny green beetle native to Asia.

Ratite
A ratite is ae, flightless bird, which are now extinct.

New Britain
New Britain is island in Bismarck Archipelago  Papua New Guinea.

Gosford, New South Wales
Gosford is a city located on Central Coast New South Wales, Australia, approximately 80km north Sydney central business district.

Airlie Beach,d
Airlie Beach is a town in Whitsunday Regiond, Australia.

Agama (genus)
An agama is any various, long-tailed, insect-eating lizards genus "Agama".

Hurricane Luis
Hurricane Luis was storms very active 1995tic hurricane season.

Mossman,d
Mossman is a town in northd, Australia.

Satoshi Tsunami
Satoshi Tsunami  is a football player.

Ryuji Kawai
Ryuji Kawai  is a football player.

Kiyotaka Matsui
Kiyotaka Matsui  is a football player.

Ryūji Bando
Ryūji Bando  is a football player.

Yasutoshi Miura
Yasutoshi Miura  is a football player.

Wim Jansen
Wim Jansen  is a Dutch football player.

Yuji Nakazawa
Yuji Nakazawa  is a football player.

A.S. Roma
A.S.

A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008
A.S.D.

Cagliari Calcio
Cagliari Calcio is a football club which plays in Italy.

Hellas Verona F.C.
Hellas Verona F.C.

U.C. Sampdoria
U.C.

Romana
Romana, foradvoratrelundar, is a fictional character in science fiction television series "Doctor Who".

Rudolf II, Holy Emperor
Rudolf II  was King Hungary , King Bohemia , Archduke Austria , Holy Emperor .

Christine Anu
Christine Anu  is an pop singer actress.

Commonwealth Scientific Industrial Researchisation
The Commonwealth Scientific Industrial Researchisation  is national government body for scientific research in Australia.

Mission Beach,d
Mission Beach is a village along Coral Sea ind, Australia.

John Gould
John Gould  was annithologist .

Red-violet
Red-violet is a deep shade magenta.

Philatelist materials
Philatelic materials are postage stamps, se-tenants, souvenir sheets, sheets stamps, postal stationery, postal markings, other indicia  that are objects stamp collecting.

Postage meter
A postage meter is an mechanical device apply physical evidence postage to mailed matter.

Kiloware
Kiloware is a term for packages postage stamps sold to stamp collectors byight rather than by quantity,ten in kilograms, hence.

Candidiasis
Candidiasis,ten called yeast infection thrush, is a type infectious disease.

GPU
A Graphics Processing Unit  is a RISC processor whose task is calculation graphicalput for monitors.

1970tic hurricane season
The 1970tic hurricane season was period time in 1970 that tropical cyclonesed intic.

Orange Bowl
Thege Bowl Game is a college football bowl game at Dolphin Stadium.

Gary Karr
Gary Karr , is an classical double bass virtuoso teacher.

1996tic hurricane season
The 1996tic hurricane seasonficially began on June 1, 1996, lasted until November 30, 1996.

Nilotic
Nilotic is a word that refers to a number people who speak Nilotic languages.

Roman Patkoló
Roman Patkoló  is a Slovak virtuoso double bass player.

Healesville Sanctuary
Healesville Sanctuary, Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park, is a zoo at Healesville in Victoria.

Tropical Storm Barry (2007)
Tropical Storm Barry was a quicklying tropical cyclone that made landfall on Florida in early June, 2007.

2009tic hurricane season
The 2009tic hurricane season will be period 2009 when tropical cyclones willly intic.

Tropical Depression Seven (2003)
Tropical Depression Seven was aak tropical depression thated near northeast Florida coast.

Mark Donaldson
Mark Donaldson is an soldier who was given Victoria Cross for Australia.

Greater Curitiba
The Greater Curitiba is a metropolitan area Curitiba, city in Brazil; its metropolitan area in world.

Kero Kero Keroppi
Kero Kero Keroppi is a character a frog.

Air
Air is basketball shoes that is produced by Nike, Incorporated.

West National Republic
The West National Republic  was a-lived republic that existed in late 1918 early 1919 in eastern Galicia, that claimeds Bukovina Ruthenia included cities Lviv,l', Kolomyia,islaviv.

Lemko-Rusyn Republic
Lemko-Rusyn Republic Ruska Narodna Respublika Lemkiv was founded in Florynka on December 5, 1918, in aftermath World War I, after dissolution Austro Empire.

Komancza Republic
Thecza Republic was an association 30 Lemko villages, founded in easternchyna in Komańcza on November 4, 1918.

Tatsuya Ishikawa
Tatsuya Ishikawa  is a football player.

Go Oiwa
Go Oiwa  is a football player.

Adrian Ilie
Adrian Ilie  is a football player.

Takafumi Ogura
Takafumi Ogura  is a football player.

Émerson Leão
Émerson Leão  is a football player.

Nobuhiro Takeda
Nobuhiro Takeda  is a football player.

Valeri Nepomniachi
Valeri Nepomniachi  is a football manager.

Ukrainian People's Republic
The People's Republic , inder to distinguish it from communist People's Republics) was a republic in territory modern Ukraine after Revolution, eventually headed by Symon Petliura.

Galician Soviet Socialist Republic
Galician Soviet Socialist Republic  existed from July 8, 1920 to September 21, 1920 during-Soviet War within area South front Red Army.

Kingdom Galicia Lodomeria
The Kingdom Galicia Lodomeria "official" ) was a kingdom dependent to Habsburg Monarchy, Empire Austria-Hungary from 1772 to 1917; independent from July 26, 1917 to November 14, 1918.

Republic Centralia
The Republic Centralia Middleia , simply Centralia , was a-lived political entity which did not gain international recognition.

Eddie Thomson
Eddie Thomson  is a football player.

Tatsuyaima
Tatsuyaima  is a football player.

Jozef Vengloš
Jozef Vengloš  is a football player.

Adriano Leite Ribeiro
Adriano Leite Ribeiro  is a football player.

Polish Underground State
The Underground State  refers collectively to underground resistanceganizations ind during World War II, both military civilian, loyal toment in Exile in London.

Andrea Pirlo
Andrea Pirlo  is an football player.

Grand Duchyia
Thed Duchyia  was an Central state from /13th century until century.

